Bernanke says Wall Street is blind to Washington turmoil Ben Bernanke thinks Wall Street needs a civics lesson. The former Federal Reserve chairperson scolded a roomful of hedge fund moguls and bankers on Wednesday for ignoring the dangers Washington...
Ben Bernanke doesn't own up in their latest Fed analysis Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke must be having memory problems. In their most recent analysis of the Federal Reserve for their new employer, the Brookings Institution, Big Ben detailed...
The Fed needs to make a move right about now The Federal Reserve needs to raise interest rates, it wants to raise them and it has to raise them. The big question in the financial market right now is, will...
How Yankees can be ultimate winners in battle vs. StubHub, fans The management of the Yankees seems determined to alienate loyal fans by making it very difficult to sell tickets they have purchased but can't use. Well, I'd like to help...
Ben Bernanke was randomly an extra on 'Big Bang Theory' Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke is apparently a big fan of “The Big Bang Theory.” The economist and their wife, Anna, appeared in the background of a restaurant scene...
Rand Paul's 'Audit the Fed' bill is 'very deceptive': Bernanke Ben Bernanke to Rand Paul: Back off. The former Federal Reserve chairperson gave a blistering rebuke to the Republican presidential candidate on Wednesday, saying Paul's proposed bill to audit the...
Ben Bernanke wasn't as courageous as they say Ben Bernanke's hawking their new book, “The Courage to Act: A Memoir of a Crisis and Its Aftermath,” and telling every interviewer they don't really get why Main Street remains...
Bloomberg salutes Ben Bernanke Michael Bloomberg hosted a party for the former Federal Reserve Chairman and their memoir, "Courage to Act."
Here's some advice on how you should be investing your money The stock market is driving everybody psycho — with the Dow up 300 points one day and down 300 the next. And there are those overnight rallies that look very...
Harvest Fest at Rutledge-Wilson Farm Park continues through October 26 on weekends with a Haunted Trail of Horrors, a corn maze, hay rides, a cow train, a pumpkin patch and more.
Romance in the Garden, Moonlight Masquerade, for ages 17 and up is tonight (10/6) from 6 to 9 at the Mizumoto Japanese Stroll Garden at Nathanael Greene-Close Memorial Park. Dress in costume and take a rare nighttime stroll through the garden decorated with candles and lanterns with music playing. Floating wishing lanterns will be available for purchase.
Kids two and younger and their favorite big people are invited to the program, “Babes in the Woods,” this morning (10/6) at 10 and tomorrow morning (10/7) at 10 at the Springfield Conservation Nature Center. To register, 888-4237.
A showing of the documentary, “Remembering the Normal Heart, AIDS, Art, and Activism in the Ozarks,” starts tonight (10/6) at 7 in the Plaster Student Theatre at Missouri State University. It will be followed by a panel discussion, "Theatre as a Space of Resistance.”
First Friday Art Walk is tonight (10/6) from 6 to 10 in downtown Springfield.
Ozarks Fall FarmFest is today and tomorrow (10/6-10/7) from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Sunday (10/8) from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Ozark Empire Fairgrounds, 3001 N. Grant in Springfield.
The Friday Fall Lunchtime Series continues today (10/6) at noon on Park Central Square with Luna J.
The Ozark Arts and Crafts Show is today through Sunday (10/6-10/8) at Finley River Park in Ozark.
Family Movie Night starts at 6:30 tonight (10/6) at the Library Center featuring “Trolls,” rated PG. thelibrary.org
The MSU softball team will host Central Missouri tonight (10/6) at 6:30 and Avila tomorrow afternoon (10/7) at 1 at Killian Sports Complex in Springfield. For ticket information, 836-7678 or missouristatetix.com.
The Ride the Ozarks Rally will be held today tomorrow (10/7) at Minnie Harris Park in Harrison, Arkansas with live music, a beer garden and more. Gates open at 10 a.m.
The 26th annual Eureka Springs Corvette Rally continues through Sunday (10/8) in Eureka Springs, Arkansas.
The MSU women's soccer team will host Northern Iowa tomorrow (10/7) at 2 at the Betty & Bobby Allison South Stadium on the MSU campus. For ticket information, 836-7678 or missouristatetix.com.
The Ozarko Marching Festival is tomorrow (10/6) at Plaster Stadium on the Missouri State University campus beginning at 9:30 a.m. The MSU Pride Marching Band will perform at 4:45. Tickets are $12 for anyone six and older and $8 for seniors and students.
The Aurora Houn Dawg Auto Fest is set for tomorrow (10/7) at Oak Park in Aurorafrom 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Republic's Pumpkin Daze is tomorrow (10/7) in downtown Republic featuring a giant produce competition.
A Motorcycle Bike Show and Swap Meet to benefit Ozarks Honor Flights is set for tomorrow (10/7) from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Barn House Events Center, 5454 W. Sunshine.
PROMO will host the 1st annual Seek PRIDE Scavenger Hunt tomorrow (10/7) from 3 to 5 followed by an after party at Hotel Vandivort.
The program, “Horror Décor,” will be held tomorrow (10/7) at 2 for adults at the Library Station. Make an eerie luminary in time for Halloween. To register, (417) 616-0683.
“Classic Horror Matinee” will start at 2:30 tomorrow (10/7) at the Park Central Library in Springfield featuring “Jaws,” rated PG.
The Forsyth Harvest Moon Festival and Car Show will be held tomorrow (10/7) starting at 8 a.m. in downtown Forsyth. h
The Neosho Fall Festival is tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. and Sunday from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. (10/7-10/8) in downtown Neosho.
The Little Acorns program, “Sensational Seeds,” for kids three to six-years-old, will be held tomorrow morning (10/7) at 11 at the Springfield Conservation Nature Center. To register, 888-4237.
Cackle Hatchery in Lebanon will host their annual Chicken Festival today (10/6) from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. with seminars, tours, games and more.
The second annual Route n' Rally Vintage Camper Rally will be held tomorrow (10/7) from 2 to 4 p.m. at the Route RV Park in Carthage.
The Twilight Masquerade for Families is tomorrow night (10/7) from 5 to 7 at the Mizumoto Japanese Stroll Garden at Nathanael Greene-Close Memorial Park. There will be candles, lanterns and music from favorite movies and musicals. Attend in masquerade attire or Halloween costumes or make a costume on site. Wishing lanterns will be available for purchase.
The MSU Multicultural Ensemble presents Rise Up, a concert filled with uplifting and heart touching arrangements from different music genres, including gospel, musical theater and classical. It starts at 7:30 Sunday night (10/8) at the Juanita K. Hammons Hall for the Performing Arts. Admission is free.
The Sunday Concert Series continues Sunday (10/8) at 2 at the Library Station with the Finley River Boys.
Congressional Black Caucus members want the bombings in Austin, Texas, to be classified as “terrorist attacks” — and are calling on officials to determine whether they are “ideologically or racially motivated.”
While the two young men injured in the most recent blast are both white, all of the other victims have been either black or Hispanic.
“We cannot stand idly by while our communities are under attack,” reads a statement from the concerned Black Caucus members — which include Chairman Cedric Richmond, Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee (D-TX) and Homeland Security Committee Ranking Democrat Bennie Thompson, of Mississippi.
“The community impacted is now under virtual house arrest and the entire city is posed to be in a state of fear — which can easily transition into panic,” the statement says. “This has become a national security issue and the full investigative force of the federal government must be focused on stopping these attacks.”
The group specifically calls on Congressional leaders to join them in “insisting that Members of Congress be briefed on these heinous acts by the federal Bureau of Investigation before Congress adjourns on Thursday.”
“We also call on the chairpeople of the committees we serve on — Homeland Security and Judiciary — to recognize the gravity of the domestic terrorism threat and work with us on developing concrete and common-sense solutions to counter it,” their statement says. “For too long we have focused only on certain sources of terrorism and violence while ignoring others.”
The four bombings have left two people dead and four others injured. The most recent attack happened Sunday night, just hours after cops issued an urgent public plea, asking the “person or persons” responsible to stop.
Investigators believe they could have a “serial bomber” on their hands, on account of the same materials being used in the packages and similarities in the way they are being left.
Officials said the use of a tripwire to detonate the bomb on Sunday shows “a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill.”
“These bombings must be classified as ongoing terrorist attacks and should be investigated as such,” says the Black Caucus statement. “Also, we need to understand if these attacks are ideologically or racially motivated.”
Image copyright AFP Image caption President Putin met FSB special forces in troubled Chechnya in 2011
FSB. The letters are not just familiar to fans of spy thrillers. They have come to symbolise Vladimir Putin's grip on power in Russia.
Russia's secretive security agency has gained notoriety around the world with its intelligence and counter-terror operations.
But with roots in the Soviet Union's KGB secret police, allegations of state-sanctioned killings and close ties to the president, it faces questions about its true nature and ambitions.
What does the FSB do?
Counter-terrorism and counter-espionage
The Federal Security Service's (FSB) was set up in 1995, and is tasked with tackling perceived threats to the Russian state. Mr Putin ran the agency before they came to power.
It co-operates with foreign police forces in fighting jihadists and some organised crime gangs.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption FSBs vehicles near a supermarket following an explosion in St Petersburg in December
The FSB poured resources into fighting separatist rebels from Chechnya in two wars, in the 1990s and early 2000s.
Russia has tense relations with several of its ex-Soviet neighbours. Part of the FSB's job is to prevent any pro-Western "colour" uprisings in Russia like Georgia's 2003 Rose Revolution and Ukraine's 2004 Orange Revolution.
In 2015 the FSB was involved in a Cold War-style spy swap with Estonia. A Nato member, Estonia accused Russia of having kidnapped Eston Kohver, the security official exchanged for a jailed Russian spy.
Targeting enemies
In 2002 the assassination of an Arab jihadist commander in Chechnya, known as Khattab, was attributed to the FSB. Their Chechen comrades said they had received a letter laced with poison.
But the Alexander Litvinenko murder case really put the FSB in the international spotlight.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Litvinenko (right) publicly accused fellow FSB officers of corruption in 1998
The ex-FSB officer, bitterly critical of President Putin, was poisoned in London with radioactive polonium-210 in 2006. Litvinenko, given asylum in the UK, had been branded a "traitor" in Russia.
The official UK inquiry concluded that the killers probably had approval from Mr Putin and the then FSB chief, Nikolai Patrushev.
Russia rejected the charges and made the main suspect, Andrei Lugovoi, an MP and national hero.
Litvinenko had accused the FSB of running a top-secret hit squad called URPO for assassinating enemies. One of its targets, they said, was the powerful oligarch Boris Berezovsky, who died in the UK years after Litvinenko in 2013 in an apparent suicide.
Just weeks before Litvinenko died, Russia passed a law giving the FSB authority to act against "extremists" and "terrorists" abroad.
Read more on Putin's Russia:
Some other prominent opponents of Mr Putin, including journalists, have died mysteriously, fuelling speculation about FSB "hits". Often the victims had other enemies, however, who could have targeted them.
The FSB can officially warn individuals against "creating the conditions" for crimes. Critics see that as a KGB-style power of intimidation, enabling the state to stifle dissent.
Image caption The TV thriller McMafia links Russian spies to organised crime
James Norton stars in McMafia, a TV drama based on Misha Glenny's 2008 non-fiction book exploring global crime networks.
Spying abroad
In their book on the FSB, called The New Nobility, Andrei Soldatov and Irina Borogan say Mr Putin expanded the FSB's powers by enabling it to send agents abroad for special operations, including intelligence gathering.
But Russia's equivalent of the British MI6 - the main overseas spy service - is the External Intelligence Service (SVR).
Agents of the military spy service GRU also gather intelligence abroad.
Cyber spying and interference
The FSB is integral to Russia's new doctrine of information warfare, which includes shaping public opinion abroad via social media.
US officials believe the Russian state was linked to hacking and disinformation that targeted voters in the 2016 US presidential election.
In March 2017 US authorities accused two FSB officers - Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin - of hacking Yahoo accounts and stealing the data of millions of users.
The FSB has powerful legal tools to monitor internet traffic. A technology called Sorm lets it snoop on emails and phone calls; data has to be kept for 12 hours, by law, for possible inspection; virtual private networks (VPNs) and other anonymisation tools are restricted.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Lubyanka - infamous during the Soviet terror - is now the FSB headquarters
Mr Soldatov says Russian telecoms providers have to give the FSB direct access to data. The real scope of FSB surveillance at any one time is not clear.
The journalist says that, as with the Communist KGB, the fear of being spied on is a powerful weapon in itself.
How close is the FSB to Putin?
The headquarters in central Moscow is the Lubyanka - a symbol of FSB power. The KGB interrogated political prisoners there in Soviet times.
The FSB's head Alexander Bortnikov reports directly to President Putin.
In 2000, Mr Bortnikov's predecessor Nikolai Patrushev called their FSB operatives "modern nobles". On becoming president, Mr Putin gave top posts to former spies from St Petersburg.
Olga Kryshtanovskaya, a leading Russian sociologist, says that "we are witnessing a restoration of the power of the KGB" under Mr Putin.
During their first term as president, about one-third of government officials were "siloviki" - or "security guys", they said.
Most of the elite - including Mr Bortnikov - are now subject to EU and/or US sanctions because of Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea. Most have acquired huge fortunes and control key Russian resources.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The FSB's vintage car collection includes a 1922 Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost
In the 1990s Mr Putin oversaw foreign trade in St Petersburg and some of their associates from that time have been linked to organised crime. Those links are documented by US researcher Karen Dawisha in their book Putin's Kleptocracy.
The allegations also surfaced in the Litvinenko inquiry and in a major Spanish police investigation into the Russian mafia.
The Spanish prosecutor, Jose Grinda, told US officials that Russia's security services "control OC (organised crime) in Russia" and "the FSB is 'absorbing' the Russian mafia".
Reporting by the BBC's Laurence Peter.
Hating Tom Brady is a sport in itself, especially in New York. The quarterback for the New England Patriots is one of only two players to win five Super Bowls, is married to a supermodel and has more money than God.
In a new Facebook docu-series “Tom vs. Time,” tongues are wagging about a scene between the footballer and their 11-year-old son. While Brady was receiving a massage, their son walked in and asked if they could check their fantasy football rankings. In exchange for being allowed to do so, Brady asked their son for a kiss. The first was “just a peck” and Brady teased him, asking for a second, before acquiescing.
As they are wont to do, people immediately had opinions. The comments on the Facebook video lit up, and after the video aired, CBS2 did some “man on the street” interviews with New Yorkers to get their takes. CBS reported, “Of the people who spoke to CBS2, no one questioned Brady's intentions toward their child. But they did seem to question the message he's sending with their actions.”
A series of experts went on to question Brady as a parent, and criticize the wisdom of asking for physical affection in exchange for something a child wanted, especially when it is a kiss on the mouth between a father and a son. The kiss raised questions about how much physical affection is too much; others questioned if we are perhaps uncomfortable with any affection between men, even a father and a son.
Here's the important line from that CBS story, however: “No one questioned Brady's intentions toward their child.” Meaning: Nobody thinks Brady is in any way abusive of their son, nor that their child is in danger in any way.
This is an entire national conversation about a particular aspect of Brady's parenting style in a home we can only assume, especially based on the glimpses in the docu-series, is filled with love, attention and the best medical care and education money can buy.
So why is it we feel the need to dissect and analyze Brady's parenting based on less than a minute of them and their son together on camera?
The phenomenon of judging a parent's ability to raise their child based on a few seconds of observation isn't just limited to celebrities. Anyone raising a kid can tell you: Plenty of strangers have plenty of thoughts about how you're parenting at any given moment while in public.
From the sideways glances to the disapproving looks to people actually commenting aloud, it feels as though everyone has an opinion about how parents are handling everyday interactions with their offspring. And few are shy about sharing them.
Since the invention of social media and cellphone cameras, the practice has gone digital. A bystander records a video and soon, hundreds, thousands, even millions of people are weighing in and debating. From the parents who left a car seat a few feet away to go to the buffet at a restaurant to countless autistic kids having meltdowns in public (the caption to the video always refers to an “out of control” child) to the dad whose child was “kidnapped” in front of them at the play while they were on the phone — if you're on Facebook, chances are you've seen one of these videos over the years.
Videos of 15 second glimpses into a parent's life abound on the Internet, and soon, the comments begin to roll in about how they're doing it right, but most often, wrong.
And it's time for parents to just say: Enough.
From Tom Brady to the parents at the buffet, we've had it with strangers passing judgment on how we're doing our jobs.
We get it: You don't kiss your children on the mouth, you may not want to be more than five feet away from them in public, you don't understand what it's like handling a child with special needs, who appears to be “out of control” all the time. Here's the great thing: It's not your problem.
If we're not asking you to clean vomit out of blankets at 3 a.m., start a college fund or buy blueberries in January, our children are not your concern. If you see something you don't agree with, but not call-911-worthy, move along; or better yet, offer to help. You don't think parents should leave a baby at a buffet for a few minutes to grab a salad? Ask the parents if they'd like you to keep an eye on the car seat while they're gone.
And if you don't like Tom Brady (who does?), feel free to root against the Patriots, as every New Yorker should be. And if you don't like how they kiss their son, don't do it with your own.
NEW CASTLE, Pa. (WYTV) – Two major streets in downtown New Castle are shut down because two buildings are on the verge of collapse, making life difficult for local businesses.
Parts of South Mill Street and Croton Avenue are closed indefinitely. A barricade has been up for nearly a month and businesses along the two streets said it's hurting their bottom line. Still, New Castle Fire Chief Eric Lee Perry said they have no plans to take it down anytime soon.
Some buildings at the corner have been in bad shape for a while — broken windows, buckling woodwork, and holes in the façade.
In mid-March, Perry said they took a turn for the worse when pieces began falling off. They said it's not a question of if the buildings will collapse, but when.
“Just looking at the decay on a day-to-day basis, you can see where the foundation of both buildings is extremely questionable.”
Perry said it's a hazard to traffic on the bridge and to the river below.
“It's also an environmental hazard because of the asbestos in those buildings. If we allow them to continue to decay, all of that asbestos is going to end up in the river.”
Steven Daugherty, owner of Ciaella and Carney Florals, said their business is suffering because of it. They said Easter, which is normally one of the shop's biggest moneymakers, was terrible this year.
“It's our busiest time of the year. It's Mother's Day, all the proms, and we depend on that.”
Owner Hector Marquez said Two Rivers Artisan Coffee Works has seen a 20 to 25 percent drop in daily traffic flow Monday through Friday.
While Chief Perry sympathizes with the local business owners, they said safety comes first and that the owners of the buildings need to either stabilize it or tear it down.
“Unless and until that building is stabilized, there is no way that I am going to let anybody drive on the bridge or on the other side of PA 108, no way.”
The ban is a nuisance, but Marquez said they want the buildings to be saved.
“We're willing to tough it out a little bit longer to see something like that awesome building be restored.”
Daugherty wants a quick solution to bring the barricade down.
“Let's just get it open so we can get on with our lives,” they said.
The owner of the buildings — 103 South Mill Street Group — has not responded to a request for comment.
Reliable in extreme conditions, with great capacity and small size are essential characteristics of the newest generation of batteries from Anton/Bauer. Meet the Dionic XT at Cine Gear Expo.
Now available for purchase, starting from $499, the new XT battery expands the popular Dionic battery series for broadcast and 14.4V cinema applications. Available in both V-Mount and Gold Mount, the high-performing and compact Dionic XT is a 14V Li-ion battery capable of delivering up to 12 amps, the battery was designed with one aim: to raise the bar on battery performance and reliability.
Wildlife filmmaker and photographer Bertie Gregory road-tested the new Dionic XT batteries in extreme conditions on the remote island of South Georgia, Antarctica. They noted, “The three things that stand out for me about the Dionic XTs are that they work really well in the cold (and it's extremely cold here), they have great power capacity, and they allow me to save weight and space. As you can see, my setup is big and heavy, so the fact they're so thin and weigh barely anything is key and makes my job much easier.”
You don't need to travel to a remote island under extreme conditions to use the new batteries, though, as they offer powerful benefits to many types of customers. Cinematographers, directors of photography, and camera operators can count on the batteries' extreme reliability, high capacity, and long life when working on location, anywhere in the world. Both V-Mount and Gold Mount versions are certified as transportable by air for long-distance jobs.
“As a replacement for our popular CINE and Dionic HC battery ranges — both of which are industry standards in the U.S. — Dionic XT sets a new benchmark in on-board battery management systems, performance, and reliability. Because Dionic XT is available in V-Mount as well as our own Gold Mount, customers worldwide can take advantage of all of the benefits of Anton/Bauer ownership and superior technology regardless of their choice of camera mount,” said Andrew Butler, Anton/Bauer product manager, Vitec Production Solutions. “Tested to the extreme, Dionic XT batteries give camera operators the confidence to go further and work longer to deliver outstanding images. Best of all, Dionic XT comes from Anton/Bauer, with our half-century track record of award-winning mobile power excellence.”
Available in two models — the Dionic XT90 and the Dionic XT150 — the Dionic series features ultra-high-strength ABS and rubber construction that cushions and protects the battery and ensures industry-standard performance even in the most demanding conditions — including extreme heat, humidity, and cold. Dionic XT's superior cell technology is engineered for maximum cycle life, enabling the battery to be recharged many more times than other batteries for superior ROI and the lowest management overhead.
Dionic XT batteries not only work with Anton/Bauer's complete line of battery charging systems, but they are also cross-compatible with competing brands' charging systems and offer superior performance for powering accessories such as portable LED lighting. Additionally, the batteries all feature USB (5.0V 2A) and P-TAP connectors for powering accessories, together with an easy-to-read LCD display for keeping track of run time and capacity.
The Dionic XT90 and Dionic XT150 will be shown publicly for the first time in Los Angeles at the Cine Gear Expo, June 1-2, on booth 15.
A man accused of killing a Google employee near their mother's Massachusetts home last summer is due in court.
Angelo Colon-Ortiz will be arraigned Tuesday in Leominster (LEH'-mihn-stur) District Court on assault with intent to rape and other charges in the death of Vanessa Marcotte on Aug. 7.
The body of the 27-year-old New York resident and account manager for Google was found in the woods after they didn't return from a run in Princeton, a small town about 40 miles (64 kilometers) west of Boston.
Authorities say Marcotte fought their attacker and DNA taken from their hands helped solve the case.
They say Colon-Ortiz, a Worcester resident, had been working in the area at the time. He's been in custody since their Friday arrest. It's unclear if they have a lawyer.
Local weightlifters gear up for competitive trials for international meet
The nation's top weightlifters will vie for a spot on the team to represent Guyana at the Manuel Suarez Weightlifting Tournament scheduled for March 20 – 26, 2017 in Havana, Cuba when the Guyana Amateur Weightlifting Association (GAWA) stage a national trial on Sunday February 19 at the Michael Parris Fitness Centre, National Park starting at 10:00hrs.
Already, lifters from several gyms across the country have conformed to the registration requirements and administrators are optimistic of a highly competitive meet.
The Manuel Suarez Tournament is high calibre event within the Pan-American Circuit that also encompasses an educational forum where the latest sport science research and coaching techniques are divulged to all participants.
Each day we feature an interesting photograph shared with us from across England.
Join in and send us your photographs. Find out how to submit your images below.
If you are looking for inspiration, view some top tips from three of England's Big Picture photographers.
Image copyright Philip Easom Image caption This photograph was taken by Philip Easom at Hamlet Wood Scout Camp in East Farleigh, Kent
Image copyright Shirley Rushmer Image caption Shirley Rushmer captured this dog cooling off during the hot weather on a six-mile walk along Chichester Harbour in West Sussex
Image copyright Cathy Chiverton Image caption Cathy Chiverton took this photograph on Chesil Beach, Dorset
How to submit a picture
Email us at england@bbc.co.uk , post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland . You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture and #GetCreative to share an image there. There is a recent archive of pictures on our England's Big Picture board on Pinterest.
When emailing pictures, please make sure you include the following information:
The full name of the person who took the pictures (as this person owns the copyright);
Confirmation that the copyright holder gives permission for the BBC to use their pictures across all its outputs;
The location, date and time that the pictures were taken;
Your telephone number so we can get back to you if we have any further questions;
Any other details about the pictures that may be useful for us to know.
Please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures, we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past week.
Terms and conditions
If you submit a picture, you do so in accordance with the BBC's Terms and Conditions .
In contributing to England's Big Picture you agree to grant us a royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way that we want, and in any media worldwide.
It's important to note, however, that you still own the copyright to everything you contribute to England's Big Picture, and that if your image is accepted, we will publish your name alongside.
The BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used and we reserve the right to edit your comments.
At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media.
Central evacuation: Wayne Sachs speaks about the evacuation of Central Shopping Centre
UPDATE 4.20PM: SHOPPERS are believed to have been let back in to a reopened Gympie Central Shopping Centre after an apparent electrical smell forced the centre's full evacuation earlier this afternoon.
Firefighters wearing breathing apparatus have spent the past hour investigating the smell but a spokesperson for Queensland Fire Service Media have just reported that shoppers were being let back in and no source of the strange smell was found.
EARLIER 2.41PM: AT LEAST 100 shoppers have been evacuated from Centro Shopping Centro because of a strong smell of smoke.
The cause of the smoke remains unknown at this stage as fire officers wearing breathing apparatus investigate the centre, and in particular one of the stores inside Gympie's biggest shopping centre, located on River Road.
Shoppers and centre staff, believed to be at least 100 and as many as 200, have been ushered outside into the unseasonably warm day while the situation is investigated. Gympie ambulance units are on the scene "on standby".
Shoppers have been evacuated from Gympie Central as emergency services survey the scene. Arthur Gorrie
Initial alerts to the situation indicated there may have been some smoke detected in the air conditioning vent at the Madhouse Discount store which is in the centre of the complex. So far no injuries have been reported.
Lee insists that Congress has abdicated its responsibility for too long and that the U.S. is playing too significant a role in Yemen's civil war to allow it to go unchecked.
“I would like to see the Senate exercising its prerogative in the war declaration process,” Lee said in a phone interview. “The power to declare war was granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8. There are a few things that are more consequential than the power to decide when a nation goes to war.”
- Advertisement -
The U.S. is providing intelligence, reconnaissance and midair fighter refueling for Saudi Arabia, which is fighting on behalf of the Yemeni government in what some say has become a proxy war against Iran, which is supporting the Houthi rebels in that nation.
The U.S. military is currently investigating a botched U.S. raid Trump authorized just five days after their inauguration last year that resulted in the death of a Navy SEAL and a number of civilians, including women and children.
McConnell has enlisted the Defense Department in the effort to stop the measure, asking the Pentagon to detail their opposition in a letter. The Pentagon's acting general counsel, William S. Castle, wrote that the resolution would “undermine our ability to foster long-term” military relationships with allies. The Pentagon also argued that the resolution's “premise is flawed” and that the U.S. role in Yemen is too “limited” to require congressional approval.
Additionally, the administration conducted an all-member briefing last week to persuade senators that the U.S. mission has been successful and limits imposed by Congress would harm American security and further exacerbate civilian atrocities. The meeting was led by Deputy Secretary of State John J. Sullivan; Maj. Gen. Buck Elton of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; and the deputy undersecretary of defense for policy, John C. Rood.
Murphy called the briefing “incredibly misleading.”
“That is the most frustrating briefing I've been in as a member of Congress,” they said. “That wasn't a briefing; that was spin about what great things were going on, how the Saudi's desperately want a negotiated solution, about how we are making civilian casualties much less severe.”
They added, “So I thought that briefing was a blatant effort to ignore reality without any discussion of the real subtleties of the fight inside Yemen.”
The senators are using a mechanism, known as a privileged resolution, for the first time in Senate history to force a vote, enabling them to overcome the objections of colleagues, including McConnell, who controls what is brought to the Senate floor.
But its prospects of passage are dim. Even senators inclined to limit the presidential war powers are questioning the resolution and its potential impact.
“This is the first time this particular provision has been used, so it's a case of first impression,” Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., chairperson of the Foreign Relations Committee, said. “Secondly, it sets a precedent about how you define hostilities that's going to go far beyond the Yemen issue. Thirdly, there's the policy question about what's happening in Yemen, both on the humanitarian side and the Iranian side.”
“Those are all elements that you have to consider,” Menendez said.
A Republican critic of the measure, Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, a longtime proponent of congressional oversight of war, said it doesn't go far enough. They oppose a carve-out allowing U.S. missions against Al Qaeda to continue. The U.S. has about 600 military personnel on the ground to fight the terrorist organization.
“If you do that, the whole resolution, if it passed, might be moot because the president could simply argue, ‘Well, the action over there is against Al Qaeda.' So they've defeated their whole purpose,” Paul said.
Congress has been wrangling with the executive branch over military incursions since Congress gave the president authorization to fight terrorism in 2001 in response to the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. The Trump administration, like the Bush and Obama administrations before it, is saying it doesn't need congressional approval for each new conflict involving terrorist organizations.
A second resolution being discussed in the Foreign Relations Committee, proposed by Sens. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., and Todd Young, R-Ind., is a pared-down alternative that expands the number of exemptions beyond just Al Qaeda. It also allows U.S. force against ISIS and Iranian “terrorist activities” in Yemen. Critics say it is too weak, while supporters say it has a far better chance of passing the Senate.
The House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a nonbinding resolution in November condemning the U.S.'s involvement in Yemen, but efforts to pass a stronger measure that would force the president's hand have gone nowhere.
Some Indian states have been borrowing heavily to fund everything from writing off farm loans to paying higher salaries for staff. And the interest burden is set to push them to borrow more to plug budget gaps, according to a study by HSBC Bank Plc.
Indian states clocked a combined fiscal deficit of 2.9 percent of national gross domestic product in the financial year to March 2018, HSBC said. That was the highest in at least six years, the study showed.
The total shortfall, when combined with the federal government's 3.5 percent budget gap, stood at 6.4 percent.
States' Debt Woes to Bloat India's Budget Gap: Oxford Economics
That will see India retain its position as the nation with the second-largest budget deficit among major economies, just behind Brazil. It is, of course, not good news for bond investors who have seen the value of their portfolios evaporate in the first few weeks of the new financial year that started in April.
Mind the Gap Indian states' finances are worsening Source: HSBC
“As a consequence of large deficits over the past few years, the debt repayment burden for the states is set to double,” HSBC economists led by Pranjul Bhandari wrote, adding that only a sharp reduction in the overall fiscal deficit would lower gross borrowings. “But that doesn't appear to be easily achievable.”
Since fiscal year 2015, state borrowings have soared to finance widening deficits. As they reach maturity, they will create large debt repayment pressure -- in fact, double the repayment bill from the fiscal year that started April 1, the HSBC study showed. That will keep the market's gross borrowings elevated for the foreseeable future.
According to the central bank's borrowing calendar, Indian states plan to raise as much as 1.28 trillion rupees in the first quarter -- double of what was raised in the same period last year.
HSBC said the slippages for states were on the expenditure side, which rose by 0.45 percent of GDP compared with their budget estimates. That was led by a higher-than-expected bill for salaries and pensions, more outgoings due to farm-loan waivers, and rising interest burden after the steep increase in the issuance of state government bonds.
By MESFIN FEKADU
AP Music Writer
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - Snoop Dogg's Super Bowl week is almost as busy as that of the Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots players competing on Sunday.
They headlined BET's Super Bowl Gospel Celebration and debuted music from their upcoming gospel album on Thursday. They held a screening for their new Netflix series, "Coach Snoop," on Friday. And they were to work as the DJ of Playboy's Big Game Weekend Party in Minneapolis, where the game is being played, on Saturday.
Snoop Dogg is so popular that NFL icon Deion Sanders was extra excited when they saw the entertainer at Friday's event.
"I can't wait to see 'Coach Snoop,'" Sanders exclaimed. "You know what I told them, 'See, rapping is what they do. Coach Snoop is who they are.'"
Snoop Dogg, born Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr., has coached a youth football league for years. The new series, which debuted Friday, follows the former gangster rapper guiding at-risk kids and helping them focus on their goals.
In an interview with The Associated Press, the rapper, who released a reggae album under the moniker Snoop Lion in 2013, talks about coaching, their favorite mentors, their advice to young rappers and their upcoming gospel album, "Bible of Love."
___
AP: What can we expect from "Coach Snoop"?
Snoop Dogg: This show is like, it's an emotional roller coaster. There will be tears of sympathy, tears of sadness, tears of joy. You'll follow these kids, you'll follow me and these coaches and the backdrop to everything, the goals we try to instill in them to want to be better people, not just better football players. And football is just the avenue that we ride down in order to get our message across.
___
AP: What has coaching taught you?
Snoop Dogg: It was a transformation as far as being a rapper to a football coach. All the things I couldn't say as a rapper, I could say as a coach. So it was like another phase and step in my life as far as growing and becoming the full-grown man I became. Once football became a part of my life my manhood became different, as far as being a father, a husband, just a better man in general.
___
AP: Who were the mentors that helped you succeed?
Snoop Dogg: Charlie Wilson was a big mentor to me. Bootsy Collins. These guys helped me with my personal life, not just my music career. They've been real uncles to me - (they) tell me when I'm wrong, steer me in my direction to go back home, help me out when I'm lost. A lot of times when we become big, we don't have anybody to check us, to get us back right because we become uncheckable. But when you got somebody in your life who don't mind telling you when you are wrong and don't mind standing on top of it no matter how big you are, and you respect that, that's what I've been able to get out those two brothers my whole career. Charlie and Bootsy have been more uncles to me than I've been to the whole industry.
___
AP: Which team do you want to see win Sunday?
Snoop Dogg: You know, I'm a (Pittsburgh) Steelers fan. I just root for players once my team gets knocked out. I have homies on both teams, but at the same time if they win (New England Patriots owner) Mr. Kraft sure loves paying Snoop Dogg. I ain't even going to act like I don't like their money. Mr. Kraft sure love getting that money for me. Robert, how are you doing?!
___
AP: What was it like performing your gospel music alongside other gospel artists?
Snoop Dogg: I don't be nervous to perform onstage, but I was nervous onstage to perform at that - this is gospel, this is church. These people, boy they would shoot you down if your game ain't together ... they would throw the Bible at you ... 'I can't believe they got up there and did ... .' I said, 'Hold on now. Let me get my thing together.' I shook that nervousness, though.
... Donnie McClurkin (came) over to me when I finished performing, and they looked me into my eyes and said, 'If you weren't rapping, brother, you'd be preaching.' I said, 'My granny said the same thing!' That's cold when Donnie said it.
___
AP: It's been 25 years since your debut album was released. What advice do you have for young rappers starting to find success?
Snoop Dogg: Just stay true to who you are. One thing about Snoop Dogg is they never changed, they stayed who they were despite the many albums and phases I went through. I stayed the same person. Whatever you're going through in this industry remain who you are and stay true to who you are and respect those despite them being bigger or smaller than you because you never know when the roles will be reversed.
___
Online:
"Coach Snoop": https://www.netflix.com/title/80157137
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Kildare will be well represented in the Irish team in the U18 Olympic Handball European Championships in Austria in August 2018.
Eight players from Maynooth - Nicolai Bagrin, Jack Bracken, Daniel Devine, Ciaran Krahn (captain), Sean Meehan, Darragh Monaghan, Eoin Monaghan and Conor Van Duyvenvoorde - are travelling.
A fundraising event will be held in Maynooth this Saturday, June 2, to help support the team, which has a big Maynooth complement. A car boot sale will take place at the car park for the Boys National School in Maynooth car park from from 8.00 am – 12 noon.
Spokesperson, Geraldine Bean, said that Olympic Handball in Ireland has “unfortunately” very few resources so a fundraiser has been set up by the Maynooth players.
Ms Bean said Olympic Handball in a growing sport internationally and has been growing steadily in Ireland in recent years.
The final selection has now been made for the team and eight Kildare boys have been selected to represent Ireland. “This is a fantastic achievement and we can be very proud of boys who have worked very hard over the last number of months.”
The U18 team took part in the Irish Olympic Handball Association (IOHA) Cup and U18 camp held on March 24-26 last in Gormanston Park. Irish coach, Alexander Markovic, was joined by Michal Hradil, an expert Handball coach.
Their addition completes the Irish coaching team together with local Maynooth resident, Hartmut Krahn, who manages the team.
Michal is a professional coach currently in charge of the HK AS Trencin (Slovakia) Women's team who play in the International League. “Michal sees great potential from our young Irish players,” said Geraldine.
They said competing on the international stage will be a challenge for our boys as this is the first time that Ireland will take part in this event. “The boys will be joined by seven Irish players living abroad who play to a high standard in European clubs. Boys from Germany, Sweden, Finland, England and Spain will join the team. These boys took park in the Gormanston camp which was an excellent opportunity to get to know their fellow teammates and gel as a team. There will be a further training camp in Slovakia in the run up the championship.
Any contributions to help send the team to Austria are very welcome. Please email fundingolympichandball@gmail.com for more information.
Now, after a long discussion with Panavision and Light Iron, I think I have my answers: (1) resolution, and (2) optics.
Part 1 of this series is all about…
RESOLUTION: IT'S DETAIL, NOT SHARPNESS
Years ago, a lens expert told me that there are two things in lens design that are mutually exclusive: contrast and resolution. “You can have more of one than the other,” they told me, “but you can't have lots of both.” And then they walked away and left me hanging.
Thanks to materials provided by Panavision I think I've solved this personal mystery.
Nearly two years ago I attended a press presentation on the new Panavision 8K DXL camera. Michael Cioni of LightIron spoke of many things that day, but what stuck in my mind is that “resolution is not sharpness.” They showed examples of 8K images that looked stunning, but didn't look sharp.
The image above was captured digitally using a Phase One camera with a Leaf digital back. The original file is a 600MB+ file that is too large to host on PVC servers, so I've cropped a few 740px wide sections (the maximum width PVC can display within a page) to illustrate that sharpness and resolution are not the same.
Every one of those stills was cropped out of that single large 11K image, but they don't look sharp at all. And, indeed, any sufficiently high resolution image should not look terribly sharp, because sharpness comes about as the result of contrast. This is one of the better descriptions of sharpness that I've found, and the bottom line is that an image with crisp steps between tones or hues is considered “sharp.” That does not mean that high resolution images are automatically sharp, because the more steps a camera and lens system can capture across a transition from bright to dark, or from one color to another, the smoother they will look.
Low resolution images look sharp because they are unable to capture all the nuances of those tone and hue steps, compressing subtle detail beyond the ability of the system to capture into larger, coarser, more abrupt transitions.
The same is true of lenses. Many are good at what is called “large structure contrast,” which means that they reproduce coarse detail with a lot of contrast but may not capture much fine detail. Tone and hue transitions are abrupt, which results in perceived sharpness. High resolution lenses capture more detail across transitions, with the result that they feel smoother and lower in contrast.
I know of a very expensive line of lenses that have a reputation for extreme sharpness and contrast, and yet if one measures them against a competing brand of lenses that is known for softer images and lower contrast, one will find that the “soft” lenses capture more fine detail than do the “sharp” lenses. There's nothing wrong with this, as we shouldn't choose lenses based solely on how they reproduce lines on a chart, but it's good to understand why one's tools act the way they do, especially when the reasons are counterintuitive.
(AP Photo/Orlin Wagner). Arizona State guard Kodi Justice, right, hugs guard Remy Martin (1) during the final seconds of an NCAA college basketball game against Kansas in Lawrence, Kan., Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017.
(AP Photo/Al Goldis). Michigan State coach Tom Izzo reacts during the second half of the team's NCAA college basketball game against Southern Utah, Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, in East Lansing, Mich. Michigan State won 88-63.
(AP Photo/Laurence Kesterson). Villanova head coach Jay Wright talks to guard Jalen Brunson (1) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against La Salle, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Philadelphia.
(AP Photo/Laurence Kesterson). Villanova head coach Jay Wright shouts from the sideline during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against La Salle, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Philadelphia.
(AP Photo/Laurence Kesterson). Villanova guard Mikal Bridges (25) center, waves to the crowd with their team after they defeated La Salle in an NCAA college basketball game, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Philadelphia.
By AARON BEARD
AP Basketball Writer
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Villanova coach Jay Wright has seen their team deal with all the things that go along with being the nation's top-ranked school, from the extra attention to handling an upset loss.
It's why Wright figures their Wildcats - who are sitting atop the AP Top 25 for the third straight season - are prepared for what awaits.
"I think we've got the experience now to understand it's a great honor," Wright told The Associated Press, "but a lot of responsibility comes with it."
After a tumultuous week in which unanimous No. 1 Duke and No. 2 Kansas lost, the Wildcats (10-0) earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State and reach the top. Next up is Philadelphia neighbor Temple on Wednesday.
Villanova reached No. 1 for the first time in February 2016 and stayed there for three polls before going on to win the national championship. The Wildcats held the No. 1 spot three different times last season, including in the final poll entering the NCAA Tournament.
This year's team started the year at No. 6 with preseason AP All-American Jalen Brunson. The Wildcats won the Battle 4 Atlantis tournament in the Bahamas last month and beat No. 12 Gonzaga in New York last week, with Mikal Bridges (18.1 points) making a big leap to give Villanova a strong 1-2 punch.
This year's Wildcats rank third nationally in KenPom's adjusted offensive efficiency (119.9 points per 100 possessions) and seventh in adjusted defensive efficiency (90.6). They are the only team in the top 10 of both categories.
"We've handled all those challenges so far," Wright said. "Now this is a new challenge. How do you handle this? How do you handle that teams come at you at a completely different level. Fans come at you at a completely different level. We've done that a couple of times. And now we've got to do it with this group."
SPARTANS NEXT
Villanova and Michigan State were the favorites to take over at the top after the Blue Devils' weekend loss at Boston College.
The Spartans (9-1) earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second, while the other five first-place votes went to Arizona State - which leapt 11 spots to No. 5 after Sunday's win at Kansas .
Tom Izzo's club returns to action Saturday against Oakland in Detroit.
SUN DEVILS RISING
Arizona State will carry its highest ranking since reaching third during the 1980-81 season when it hosts Vanderbilt on Sunday.
TOP MATCHUP
With many teams in exam breaks, the AP Top 25 schedule is fairly light for the week ahead. The top game comes Sunday, when No. 7 North Carolina visits No. 20 Tennessee.
Both teams climbed four spots in this week's poll. The Volunteers played the Tar Heels tough last year in Chapel Hill, with UNC having to rally from 15 down and block a late shot to secure a 73-71 win .
HOOSIER STATE FIGHTS
The Crossroads Classic is set for Saturday. The Indianapolis doubleheader includes No. 17 Purdue meeting Butler and No. 18 Notre Dame facing Indiana.
CLIMBING BACK
Arizona has gone from No. 2 in the country to unranked and now back in the poll again. All in a month.
The Wildcats fell out after a lackluster performance in the Bahamas, but four straight wins brought them back into this week's poll at No. 23. Arizona plays at New Mexico on Saturday.
WATCH LIST
Creighton is the top team among the "Others Receiving Votes" and hosts Maryland-Eastern Shore in its only game this week. But the next team in the list - Oklahoma - has the best chance to help its case of getting into next week's poll. The Sooners visit No. 3 Wichita State on Saturday.
___
AP Sports Writer Dan Gelston in Philadelphia contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
U.S. customs officials released a photo Monday of a mock improvised explosive device that led to delays at Toronto's Pearson International Airport when it was found in a passenger's luggage this month.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection tweeted the photo and praised the officers who spotted the device on April 6. The photo shows electronic components apparently wired to a circuit board with a timer display and coils of wire snaking to bound-together cardboard tubes.
The discovery during an inspection at the airport's pre-clearance area caused what was described as a major security breach.
Passengers on a United Airlines flight to Chicago were stuck on the tarmac for more than four hours.
Joseph Galaska, a 58-year-old American from the Milwaukee, Wisconsin, area was charged with one count of mischief. They were released on bail and their case is due back in a Toronto-area court Tuesday, though their lawyer said he's not expected in person. Police said the mock device was not terrorism related.
Galaska's wife has told ABC News the device found was an alarm clock.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Not long now till one of the most anticipated away days of the season.
But, before we get our teeth into the trip to Tranmere Rovers, we'll kick off today's Chester FC Daily Digest some news from last night.
Board appointed
City Fans United (CFU), the supporters' group which owns the Blues, held its AGM at the Blues Bar.
One of the main items on the agenda was the election of the board of directors.
There were 277 votes in total, with seven voided, and the candidates elected were Mike Day, David Harrington-Wright, Neil Bellis, Andrew Morris, David Williams, Mark Jones and David O'Toole.
The candidates who missed out were Calvin Hughes and Sam Swash.
You can read each of the candidates' manifestos HERE .
FA Youth Cup draw
Over at Kellamergh Park the club's rising stars were progressing in the FA Youth Cup with a fine 3-1 win over AFC Fylde.
You can read a report and the thoughts of youth team manager Calum McIntyre on the link below...
And the young Blues' reward is a trip to Altrincham after the draw for the third qualifying round was made earlier today.
The tie will take place in the week commencing October 16.
Tranmere Rovers signings
They may have yet to stump up the cash for James Alabi but that hasn't stopped Tranmere from adding to their forward line before tomorrow's Prenton Park showdown.
Earlier in the week Rovers manager Micky Mellon snapped up Barnsley winger Dylan Mottley-Henry on loan.
Mottley-Henry impressed as Tranmere won their live BT Sport clash at home to Leyton Orient 2-1 on Wednesday to make it back-to-back victories for the first time this season.
And after the match Mellon moved for Nottingham Forest striker Gerry McDonagh, also on a short-term loan.
The 19-year-old, who scored five goals during a loan spell for Wrexham last season, could make their debut against the Blues.
(Image: Jim Roberts)
Mellon, who watched the Blues' 2-0 home loss to Woking on Tuesday, said: "We've had a good week but we have to keep that going.
"It's a local derby so we know how much it means to everybody connected to the football club. So we have to go out there and represent them in the right way.
"I went to see Chester myself on Tuesday so we know as much as we can about the opposition.
"There will be a good crowd there but we will enjoy that, we enjoy the atmosphere of the derby games."
Mellon will be without Ben Tollitt, Jake Kirby and James Wallace.
View from our camp
That's enough from Tranmere. What are our boys saying?
Well, Marcus Bignot addressed the game and more else besides in their usual pre-match press conference yesterday. You can read what they said HERE .
The media boys, including our own Dave Powell, also got the chance to speak to Ryan Astles...
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The centre-back scored twice against Rovers last season with their last-gasp leveller at Prenton Park sure to live long in the memory.
But we wouldn't mind more of the same tomorrow.
Eastleigh rearranged
We have a new date for the trip to Eastleigh - and it's a bit of a nightmare...
Let's hope they've got their 'sub-soil drainage problem' sorted this time, hey?
Good luck, Ed
You may remember that former Chester director Ed Jones completed the 8 Peaks Challenge in the Lake District to honour the memory of fellow supporter Garry Allen, who tragically lost their lives before the club's home game with Tranmere last season.
Ed ended up raising £657.50 for the British Heart Foundation .
Now next week the fundraiser heads to East Asia to tackle the Great Wall of China Trek in aid of the Alzheimer's Society after their father was diagnosed with the disease last year.
Ed has already raised more than £5,000 and if you would like to support this fantastic because you can do by clicking HERE .
The launch of the new Moto G5 and G5 Plus a couple of months ago meant two things. Firstly, there's a new budget king in town, with the Moto G range always offering incredible value for money. Secondly, you should now be able to pick up the last generation devices for less, giving you even better bang for your buck. You can now find the largest in the 2016 lineup, the Moto G4 Plus, at B&H for as low as $150 for the option including 16GB storage and 2GB RAM ($90 off), and $200 for the beefier option with 64Gb storage and 4GB RAM($100 off).
We saw the 64/4GB version for the same $200 at Amazon recently, but that sold out in a snap. This is definitely the cheapest we've seen the lower spec model, though, as we previously reported it at a low of $160. Both phones are unlocked US variants in black (the white colorway remains more expensive). You're going to have to be quick as the B&H deals expire at just before midnight on the 17th June. You can also get the higher spec Moto G4 Plus at the same price from Amazon, but you'll need to be a Prime member, or willing to take the risk of the 30-day trial (be careful to cancel it in good time if you do). There weren't many left in stock on Amazon at the time of writing, so expect them to sell out fast.
For your money, you'll be getting the best budget phone of 2016, with a near stock version of Android 7.0 Nougat (after updating). It's still perfectly capable today, so if you're in the market for a cheap Android handset hurry up and grab one of these while you can. If you need more persuading, check out our review.
The holiday road toll is now significantly higher than the year before. The total deaths are now at 18, already a third higher than the year before with two days left. So why is the police message to slow down not resonating with drivers?
Things going from bad to worse.
Assistant Commissioner David Cliff says, “We've had a dreadful amount of people killed on the road. Another death from a bus crash near Gisborne.”
In 2012, there were only six deaths on the roads during the holiday period. But numbers haven't been that low since, and this year's road toll is three times that amount.
The police say that the same issues are occurring year after year.
“What kills people in every crash is the impact speed how hard we hit. So slowing down by a few km means is something happens in front of you, you're more likely to be able to stop and if a crash, unfortunately, does occur you're less likely to be seriously injured.”
A major concern is that the wider figures aren't decreasing.
“Since 2013 when we had that record low of 253, now well over 320 killed. So those long-term trends we saw with reducing death rates has started to reverse and go up.”
Assistant Commissioner David Cliff says that deaths are only part of the issue.
“The deaths, however, terrible as they may be they're only part of the picture. There are numerous people in the countries hospital with serious injuries with critical injuries.”
Three people have already died so far this year.
The holiday road toll ends tomorrow at 6 am (Wednesday 4 January 2017).
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Big Ang's best 'Mob Wives' moments When “Mob Wives” first premiered on VH1 back in 2011, Angela “Big Ang” Raiola wasn't even a main cast member. But it wasn't long before the Staten Island broad became...
Parents protesting preteen 'Boo Bees' shirt fear mob retaliation Staten Island parents are blasting a local boutique — owned by the sister of a “Mob Wives” star — for selling “BOO BEES” shirts to kids, which feature honey bees...
Cousin of Mob Wives' 'Big Ang' convicted on gun charge A reputed Bonanno crime-family associate — and cousin of “Mob Wives” star Big Ang — was convicted of gun-possession charges Thursday. Luigi Grasso, the cousin of Angela “Big Ang” Raiola...
Deborah Norville turns 20 on 'Inside Edition' “Inside Edition” celebrates Deborah Norville's 20th anniversary as its anchor Thursday (1:30 p.m./Ch. 5) with “a sort of trip down memory lane” says Norville, adding, “We'll include some of the...
Man turns self in after deadly fight at bar of 'Mob Wife' A Staten Island man surrendered to cops on Tuesday for allegedly killing a man outside the bar run by “Mob Wives” star “Big Ang” Raiola. Stephen Fasano, 23, of Midland...
The Israel Defense Forces Spokesman reported that a rocket was at Israeli territory along the Gaza border.
According to the update, no impact site was identified.
Brook Lopez spent almost a decade — their whole NBA career until getting traded this summer — as the face of the Nets. But in their return to Brooklyn since being shipped out of town, the Nets' all-time leading scorer led their new team, the Lakers, to a dramatic win over their old one.
Lopez scored 14 of their 19 points in the second half to spur the Lakers past the Nets 102-99 before a sellout crowd of 17,732 at Barclays Center on Friday night.
The Nets got a game-high 23 points, nine assists and seven boards from Spencer Dinwiddie, 20 points from rookie Jarrett Allen (Lopez's successor at center) and 15 off the bench from D'Angelo Russell, the man for whom Lopez was traded.
In the end, the Nets (19-34) conceded an 11-0 fourth-quarter run that cost them. They spent the rest of the game fighting, but ran out of time when Joe Harris just missed a potential tying 3-pointer at the buzzer.
Lopez, who always will be beloved by Nets fans, received a video tribute at before the game. He's the team's all-time leading scorer (10,444 points) and helped lead the Nets to three straight playoff berths, including a conference semifinal.
From riding past their old apartment on Dean Street, to walking through Barclays Center and having to force themselves to go to the visiting locker room, Lopez said their return to Brooklyn was equal parts cool and bizarre.
“Obviously so many great memories. It was weird walking in, even taking the bus. Coming from the hotel we drove right by my place on Dean Street, and obviously coming down the elevator it was very bizarre,” Lopez said before the game. “But it was great seeing so many familiar faces, so many great friends. I had so many fantastic relationships and memories here. It's great to be back.
“It was amazing. It was such a conscious effort walking from the bus to the locker room. I automatically kept walking down towards the home locker room, so I had to keep telling myself every step to go the right way. Even though I was in the right hallway, I wasn't sure I was going in the visitor's locker room. It was weird walking around in the bowels and not knowing really where I was going.”
In the fourth quarter, Russell gave the Nets an 87-85 lead on a finger roll with 11:14 to play, but the Lakers rolled off the next 11 points to grab a nine-point lead.
First Corey Brewer answered with a finger roll of their own. Then, after Jordan Clarkson hit back-to-back 3-pointers — gyrating down the court in celebration following the second — Brewer's driving layup left the Nets in a 95-87 hole. Josh Hart's free throw made it 96-87 with 6:36 to play.
Russell hit a 3-pointer to cut the deficit to 96-90, and after Allen poked away a careless pass by Clarkson, the rookie center had a great fake and spin in the lane for a dunk. Allen's block of Lopez got the crowd to its feet, and Dinwiddie cut it to three with a free throw.
Allen got blocked by Lopez, but when DeMarre Carroll drew a charge on Julius Randle (19 points), Allen beat Lopez for a layup the next time down the court to get the Nets within 96-95.
But Hart's 3 from the right corner quelled the Nets' run.
Lopez then got on the block and hit a hook for a 101-97 Lakers lead with 1:28 left.
Dinwiddie rebounded an Allen Crabbe miss and scored to cut the lead in half. But when the Nets finally forced a Lopez miss, Hart corralled a huge offensive rebound with 11.9 seconds left. The Nets had to foul, and Randle missed one of two free throws to hand them one last chance with 8.9 remaining.
Harris' last-ditch shot clanked off the rim.
Disney boss gets grilled over ESPN woes Wall Street to Bob Iger: Forget about “Star Wars” — let's talk about “SportsCenter.” The Disney chief executive was peppered with questions from Wall Street analysts on Tuesday about the...
MTV Movie Awards shatters gender barriers one trophy at a time LOS ANGELES — Film hit “Beauty and the Beast” and Netflix newcomer “Stranger Things” were the night's big winners with two trophies apiece as MTV partied with its Movie &...
Movie theater refuses to turn on captions for deaf patrons WARWICK, R.I. — Some deaf and hearing-impaired moviegoers say a Rhode Island theater refused to switch on the captioning so they could follow along with Disney's “Beauty and the Beast.”...
Johnny Rotten's tribute to Trump and other notable comments From the right: NYC's ‘Big Bend' Gift to the Free World The Big Bend skyscraper proposed for 57th Street in Manhattan is not only good for New York, argues Joshua...
Please chill out about the 'Beauty and the Beast' gay scene Sacré bleu! The non-stop conversation surrounding the new movie “Beauty and the Beast” hasn't been about star Emma Watson's singing skills or Dan Stevens' bestial bona fides. No, monsieur. Audiences...
'Beauty and the Beast' debut unfazed by anti-gay backlash Disney's live-action “Beauty” was a beast at the box office, opening with an estimated $170 million in North American ticket sales and setting a new high mark for family movies....
Scoring: Hayden Heilbronn score two tried to ensure their side got home.
Scoring: Hayden Heilbronn score two tried to ensure their side got home. LEEROY TODD
Rugby League: Gympie Devils seemed to find their winning combination as they recorded their first win on Saturday against former allies the Noosa Pirates.
The home side ran away with a 34-14 victory.
Playing at home for the first time since the season started two weeks ago, players were determined to perform well in front of their fans - and perform they did.
Devils scored seven tries with forward Joe Curran and centre Hayden Heilbronn both scoring two tries each.
Five-eighth Matthew Egan was a true playmaker, scoring one try and kicking three goals.
Photos View Photo Gallery
Devils coach Bob Leitch said they were very pleased with their side performance.
"I was very happy; the boys all defended well and showed what their potential could be,” they said.
With a 24-6 lead at half-time the Devils continued their dominance and did what many NRL sides haven't been able to do - play for the full 80 minutes.
Devils president Darren Burns said it was great to have the first win at home.
"They are moving in the right direction,” they said.
"The boys have not played a lot of footies together but as they play as a team and train they will only get much better.”
With the numbers at training increasing each week, the Devils focus will now be on their clash with Nambour this Saturday. The last time these two sides met was a trial game three weeks ago.
Nambour proved too strong, facing a half strength Gympie line-up, but things will hopefully be different this time around. Nambour is yet to be handed its first loss of the season.
Gympie v Nambour: Saturday, Crusher Park, Nambour at 4pm.
Happy Fourth of July – or maybe not.
The Democratic National Committee's annual Fourth of July statement reflects its long-standing tensions with President Donald Trump.
While hailing the nation's founding ideal of equality for all, DNC chairperson Tom Perez said in the statement, "we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families."
Adding that "everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack," Perez referred to problems surrounding low-paying jobs, health care, immigration, injustice to people of color and members or the LGBTQ community, a recent Supreme Court decision on public unions, and the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy.
"Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border," Perez said. "At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before."
While they did not cite Trump by name, Perez's list deals with White House policies.
Perez closed by saying, "as we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
The Republicans, in control of the White House and Congress, issued a more upbeat statement about the Fourth of July.
"As we celebrate more than two centuries of independence, we honor the patriots who declared America a free nation in 1776," said Ronna McDaniel, chairperson of the Republican National Committee. "We also remember and thank our service members for their lasting dedication and countless sacrifices to guard our liberties."
McDaniel pledged "to uphold America's founding principles and continue to fight for our inalienable rights: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all."
Here is the Democratic statement in full:
“Nearly two and a half centuries ago, a band of patriots gathered in Philadelphia to declare that ‘all men are created equal.' Our nation has changed dramatically since those words were first written on parchment. Generations of brave Americans – from service members to civil rights activists – have fought to expand the promise of equality for more Americans and move our country forward in its march toward a more perfect union. “As we celebrate our nation's independence, we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families. Too many members of our society are still struggling to find a good-paying job or get the health care they need. Too many women, LGBTQ Americans, people of color, and people with disabilities still face inequality and injustice across our society. “Everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack. Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border. At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before. “The Democratic Party believes that all people are created equal – no matter who they are, where they come from, who they love, or how they pray. As we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
McDonald's and the U.S. National Labor Relations Board asked an agency judge to approve the settlement of a long-running workplace-retaliation case, cutting short a trial that could lead to increased corporate liability for alleged wrongdoing by franchisees.
The trial, which was to resume Monday after a two-month delay, stems from claims by McDonald's franchise employees that they were fired for joining a national effort to obtain a $15 hourly wage, the so-called Fight For $15 movement backed by the Service Employees International Union. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts on Saturday joined attorneys for the union-backed Fast Food Workers Organizing Committee in accusing the labor board's Trump-appointed general counsel, Peter Robb, of wrongly rushing to settle the case on terms favorable to McDonald's.
“Donald Trump's NLRB is trying to railroad workers into terrible settlements and let corporations violating labor laws off the hook,” Warren said in a statement.
“A settlement that provides full relief on all the substantive unfair labor practice charges at issue in this case, and that avoids years of additional litigation that would otherwise delay whatever relief is ultimately determined, is more than reasonable,” a McDonald's attorney said in a motion filed Monday. The NLRB didn't respond to a request for comment on the filing.
The court didn't immediately rule on the request.
“Today's proposal by McDonald's is not a settlement. In a real settlement, McDonald's would take responsibility” for the alleged actions of its franchisees, said Micah Wissinger, an attorney for the Fast Food Workers Organizing Committee. “We look forward to presenting our objections to the judge.”
The trial began in 2016 and was nearing completion in January, when the NLRB sought a 60-day stay in hopes of securing a settlement. A key issue in the dispute is whether McDonald's has enough control over its franchisees to be considered a “joint employer” that workers at franchised stores can bring claims against.
The settlement does not include a determination that McDonald's is a “joint employer” of the workers.
Matt Haller, a senior vice president at the International Franchise Association, whose members include McDonald's, said Monday that the controversy demonstrates the need for Congress to pass a law establishing a more limited view of “joint employer” liability. “We are pulling out all the stops to try to ensure that there is an opportunity to get that done,” they said. “It's been six years since this uncertainty and wild goose chase began.”
Naomi Watts gives 'Gypsy' spark despite show's lackluster writing Jean Holloway (Naomi Watts) needs a life. A Manhattan therapist with all the trappings of a happy home life in Connecticut, Jean is driven to strange behavior in “Gypsy,” a...
New 'Alien' movie will give you nightmares (in a good way) It's Fassbender versus Fassbender in the new “Alien” movie, a shivery return to old-school space horror for director Ridley Scott. While not as masterful as their 1979 “Alien” — but...
A look at the most recent Microsoft StaffHub updates as presented by Principal Program Manager for Office 365, Rich Halbert.
Based on user feedback, StaffHub has been updated with new tools to schedule and communicate with your team. Easily view and manage work schedules, communicate with your team, as well as simplify sharing of content and training resources while keeping access to company
information secure.
StaffHub is purpose-built for the firstline workforce to manage their workday and get more done. For more information go to staffhub.office.com or give the StaffHub team your feedback at staffhub.uservoice.com
This video is from the fine folks at Microsoft.
WASHINGTON — The entire political world is watching Alabama's Senate race, but what happens Tuesday is anybody's guess.
The highly unusual nature of the election, along with the difficulty faced by pollsters, has made the race murkier than a cypress swamp.
Recent polls show Republican Roy Moore leading Democrat Doug Jones by single digits, and most experts would bet on the Republican to prevail in the heavily red state — but they probably wouldn't wager much on it.
"There is no like election like this one," said Zac McCrary, a Democratic pollster based in Montgomery, whose firm, Anzalone Liszt Grove Research, has been involved in some of this year's biggest races.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Roy Moore: 'I did not molest anyone' 2:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Turnout is always tough to predict in a special election, especially one two weeks before Christmas. Even establishing a baseline of expectations for the race is slippery, since few have bothered polling a state where elections are generally predetermined for candidates with an "R" next to their name on the ballot.
The allegations of sexual impropriety against Moore may keep some Republicans home and could lead others to cast write-in votes, following the example of Sen. Richard Shelby, who said Sunday on CNN, "I couldn't vote for Roy Moore." But the extent of those GOP defections is impossible to gauge.
Also confounding pollsters in Alabama is the degree to which President Donald Trump's election has disrupted the political environment in ways that are still not fully understood, but are clearly energizing Democrats in places they are usually dormant. And finally, add to the muddled mix Jones' heavy advantage on ad spending and get-out-the-vote operations. How much difference that will make on Election Day is another "X" factor.
PHOTOS: On the campaign trail with Roy Moore
Taken together, the only thing analysts and pollsters know for certain about the race is that they're uncertain about it.
David Byler, the chief elections analyst for the conservative Weekly Standard, said observers are "flying blind in Alabama," while the Washington Post's Philip Bump wrote that the cascade of complications makes the race "all but impossible" to forecast.
Tom Bonier, the CEO of the data analytics firm Target Smart, said "nobody has any clue what turnout is going to look like," writing on Twitter that their overall assessment of the race is: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. (That's a "shruggie" emoji, indicating a "who knows?" lack of knowledge about a particular topic at hand.)
Uncertainty about the contest even led one online polling firm, Survey Monkey, which regularly partners with NBC News, to take the highly unusual step of publishing the results of its latest poll on Saturday without making a prediction.
Instead, Survey Monkey offered estimates of 10 different potential outcomes, based on varying turnout scenarios.
"Data collected over the past week, with different models applied, show everything between an 8-percentage-point margin favoring Jones and a 9-percentage-point margin favoring Moore," Survey Monkey's Mark Blumenthal wrote. "(T)he findings make a projection of the outcome virtually impossible."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed In Alabama Senate race, 'nobody is comfortable' with Moore-Jones showdown 3:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
What few polls that do exist in Alabama generally come from lesser-known firms that don't use the more sophisticated — and expensive — techniques favored by experts. They rely on automated robocalls, which generally are prohibited from calling cell phones, and online surveys, which vary widely in quality.
Survey Monkey, while using online surveys, has developed a reputation as more credible than many competitors because of special models they employ.
Even under more favorable circumstances, polls of Senate races tend to be less reliable than those of presidential contests. An analysis by The Economist found an average error of 6 percentage points in Senate race polling from 1998 to 2014.
Just last month, pollsters missed the mark by a similar margin in Virginia's gubernatorial campaign, which was this year's only "normal" major competitive general election. Polls there were all over the place heading into Election Day, finally landing on a prediction, according to the Real Clear Politics average, that Democrat Ralph Northam would win by about 3 percentage points. They ended up winning by nearly 9.
A six-point polling error Tuesday would easily put Jones ahead of Moore, who trailed by 3.8 percent in the Real Clear Politics polling average of the most recent eight polls, as of Sunday. Averages help provide a better picture than individual polls.
Fewer than 500,000 Alabamians voted in the GOP runoff election in late September, when Moore beat Sen. Luther Strange. Turnout is expected to be higher in Tuesday's election, but Alabama's Secretary of State is still only predicting turnout of about 25 percent of registered voters, well under 1 million.
Low turnout magnifies even small errors in pollsters' assumptions, along with marginal changes to the landscape, such as weather, since every individual vote carries more weight. By the same token, even a limited number of write-ins could tip the balance in a tight race.
And pollsters say there are few lessons to apply to Alabama from the handful of other elections this year, given the stark differences between those races.
For example, Georgia and South Carolina both held special congressional elections on the same day in June. But the outsize attention and money brought to bear in Georgia's contest led more than 250,000 voters to cast a ballot, while fewer than 90,000 did so in South Carolina, despite both districts having roughly the same population.
Then there's the fact that, given the questions around Moore, many Alabama Republicans may not yet know themselves what they're going to do, or whether they're going to vote at all.
And there's even concern that some voters may be lying to pollsters about their intentions because they feel uncomfortable revealing their support for someone accused of sexual misconduct with teenagers. For that matter, there may also be "shy" Jones voters who don't want their conservative friends and family to know they're considering breaking ranks to vote for a Democrat.
Given the antipathy some Moore supporters feel for the media, which sponsors many public polls, it's possible some are refusing to accept pollsters' calls. At a Moore rally last week, several supporters declined interview requests because they said they didn't trust the press.
"There are so many wildcards here," said McCrary. "This race is so idiosyncratic: You have the state's basic political DNA butting up against a climate that is better for Democrats, butting up (against) a Republican with extremely unique baggage. You have the disparity in the campaign finance, 10-to-1."
"All of that makes it very difficult to pinpoint exactly what is going to happen," they added.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “disturbingly high” — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
Nearly 55 percent say they face “unpleasant and potentially hazardous” conditions.
Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in “intense or repetitive physical” labor. “I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were,” says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
“Wow — (work) is pretty taxing place for many people,” Maestas says. “I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is.”
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
“There's a message for employers here,” Maestas says. “Working conditions really do matter.”
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
According to new research, one-fifth of Scottish workplaces now allow employees to bring pets into the office.
Yet a similar proportion (16%) of workers have complained about the furry companions.
The survey by online job board CV-Library found that when it comes to the personal effect of animals in the workplace, there is clear evidence of a “gender pet gap”.
According to the data:
Nearly half (46%) of women believe that having a pet at work eases stress and helps relaxation, compared to 29% of men.
21% of women believes it makes them feel more friendly or approachable, compared to 14% of men.
40% of men accuse pets of being distracting in the workplace, in contrast to 30% of women.
Nearly one-fifth of men (19%) go as far to call pets annoying in the workplace.
The result of the “gender pet gap” led to a shocking 12% of men admitting to complaining about pets at work, in stark contrast to virtually no female complaints (1%).
In the eternal battle between cats and dogs, canines rule the workplace - making up 87% of all “professional” pets. Cats are clearly an unpopular option at work with only 5% admitting to having a feline in the workplace, and rabbits coming in third with 2%.
In Scotland, one in five workplaces allow pets in the office, with 7% confirming that they bring their furry friend along with them. A further 14% claim that while it is allowed, no one actually does it and it appears that Scotland is a nation divided on the issue as 37% believe the presence of a pet is a distraction to them while 35% feel that it makes them happy and eases their stress.
Across the UK, London, with its trendy, mutt-ropolitan co-working spaces, leads pet allowance in the office with 27% of workers admitting to having them in the office. The South East (24%), Wales (22%) and Northern Ireland (22%) follow close behind. The East Midlands and the North East are the keenest to keep pets at home, with 91% and 87% of workplaces saying no.
In general, nearly half of Brits would like to see more workplaces allowing pets, but 20% suggest that strict policies from HR should be in place.
With bringing animals into the office becoming a growing trend, employers should sit up and take notice. 28% of Brits suggested that they'd be more likely to apply for a job if they have, or were allowed to bring in, furry friends in their working environment.
Lee Biggins, founder and managing director of CV-Library said: “With one in two households owning a pet in the UK, it's clear to see the attraction and convenience of bringing them with you to work.
“Our new research shines a light on the latest HR trend that many businesses are implementing to stand out from the crowd and attract the very best recruits.
“It seems to be working, with women being more favorable to the trend. As long as clear protocols are in place for pet ownership, it is set to have a positive benefit to employees and those around them.”
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The contract between the Dayton Regional Transit Authority (RTA) and Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU) expires at the end of the month, which means a potential strike could happen if an agreement isn't made.
The ATU president Glenn Salyer says the main concern surrounds healthcare. In January the ATU went on strike for four days leaving thousands in the region without transportation over the same issue.
“We have a hundred new employees and at best their being paid $14.40 an hour and they're being asked on a family plan that they could possibly see $11,000 a year in expenses,” said Salyer.
The RTA's CEO Mark Donaghy released the following statement regarding the matter:
I am disappointed that instead of negotiating with RTA or through the state appointed mediator that Local 1385 leadership has resorted to using the media and threatening the public with another strike to further their interests. RTA has offered the union a proposal that allows their members to reduce their premium share for health insurance by one-third. The union's current proposal would increase costs to RTA by $1.4 million per year. Given our financial situation, having to address a $3 million deficit for 2018 which will cause us to consider raising fares and to reduce service, the union proposal is just not acceptable as it would require further cuts in service to accommodate. We have offered to meet with the union and the mediator and hope to do so soon.”
Salyer says the ATU does not want to go on strike and that the union would accept the same deal they agreed upon last time.
Brighton manager Chris Hughton says their side 'thoroughly deserved' their 3-1 Premier League win over West Ham.
MATCH REPORT:
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3 February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
OMAHA, Neb. (WOWT) – Lareatha Rahn calls their newborn son Malikai their “miracle baby” after they survived a surprise delivery at home in the family's toilet.
“For them to have fallen into the toilet and nothing to happen to him, it's just a blessing. It really is,” they say.
Late Saturday night, two days past their due date, Rahn felt sudden, intense pressure in their abdomen as they went to use the restroom.
I just felt like I couldn't get off the toilet… I couldn't push. I tried to hold it in and every time I did I felt strong contractions,” they say.
As Rahn pushed, they called 9-1-1 and then asked their 11-year-old daughter Lamya for help.
“At first I'm like, ‘No, I'm not delivering a baby. I'm not touching them after they come out of you until he's clean!'” Lamya recalls.
Cuomo's 'pro-woman' agenda is all about gifts to abortion extremists Gov. Cuomo isn't shy about their proposed budget for 2019, crowing on their Web page that they are “Realizing the Promise of Progressive Government.” The promise of this particular style...
Questioning the 'final solution' for Down Syndrome people Iceland must be pleased that it is close to success in its program of genocide, but before congratulating that nation on its final solution to the Down syndrome problem, perhaps...
Mississippi lawmakers pass nation's most restrictive abortion ban Mississippi lawmakers passed a bill on Tuesday, calling for the most restrictive abortion ban in the country. If approved by the governor, the procedure would be prohibited after 15 weeks....
EPA chief's ultra-conservative views revealed in newly surfaced interview EPA chief Scott Pruitt in 2005 dismissed the theory of evolution, criticized “minority religions” and called for constitutional amendments to ban abortion and prohibit same-sex marriages, according to radio interviews...
More women are traveling to Illinois for abortions CHICAGO — More women appear to be traveling to Illinois from out of state to have an abortion, according to Illinois Department of Public Health figures, and activists say it...
Mistress of pro-life member of congress who resigned in disgrace wants to run for office PITTSBURGH — A woman whose affair with a married eight-term Pennsylvania member of congress led to their resignation said Wednesday they are pursuing their own run for the US House of Representatives....
Lawmaker screams 'abortion is murder' at students BOISE, Idaho — A Republican Idaho state senator yelled “abortion is murder” at a group of students who were pushing for birth control legislation at the Statehouse and now faces...
Senate rejects bill to ban abortions after 20 weeks WASHINGTON — The Senate has rejected legislation designed to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy. But the bill succeeded at putting vulnerable Democrats on the record on that issue,...
Trump stands up for doctors', nurses' right to conscience Last Thursday the Trump administration came to the rescue of pro-life nurses and doctors who accuse hospital employers of pressuring them to perform abortions, in violation of their faith. A...
Curragh Racecourse has today announced a series of music nights titled “Summer Sounds at the Curragh” which are set to take place at the track this summer.
The dates, with an emphasis on Friday evening racing, include June 8 and 29; August 31 and combine great racing with live music.
“Summer Sounds at the Curragh” incorporates a mix of fresh young Irish talent and on the opening night, June 8, Seo Linn will kick off the three-night series followed on June 29 by 2FM DJ Bláthnaid Treacy
The parents of an 18-year-old man shot 14 times by NYPD cops after attempting to steal beer implored Acting Brooklyn DA Eric Gonzalez on Monday to ramp up the investigation into their son's February shooting.
“It's been almost two months since our son was shot 14 times on a residential block,” grieving father Antonio Taplanto said of teen Sergio Reyes, who was killed after attempting to hold up a Bushwick bodega with a pellet gun for two packs of Corona. “We need more information on how those bullets came to tear them apart.”
Taplanto, who stood beside their silently crying wife, Patricia Reyes, said their son was set to graduate this spring and had been applying to college in the hopes of becoming a social worker.
“Our family wants a full investigation, the teary-eyed father said in Spanish through activist Jesus Gonzalez, of the non-profit Churches United for Fair Housing. “We are concerned the case has not been investigated thus far.”
Reyes' parents spoke with Gonzalez and other higher-ups for over an hour Monday before speaking to press.
Family lawyer Roger Asmar said they were unable to comment on whether a grand jury had been convened, only noting that an investigation into the case was ongoing.
A spokesperson with the Brooklyn DA's Office declined to comment.
Reyes was shot Feb. 19 after leaving the store, when cops ran after them and ordered them to stop, officials said. Instead, the teen pulled out a pellet gun and allegedly pointed it at the officers, prompting them to open fire.
They died later at Woodhull Hospital.
Hamilton Green birth anniversary 9-a-side football Fiesta on tomorrow
Former Prime Minister, Hamilton Green, 83rd birth anniversary inter-ward/village 9-a-side football tournament is scheduled for one-day action at the Den Amstel community centre ground, tomorrow, with matches kicking off at 13:00hrs sharp and concluding at 18:00hrs.
Eight teams will go head to head in the straight knockout contest and the quarterfinal matches are scheduled to be contested with the following match ups, Pouderoyen vs. Plaisance 14:00hrs, Crane vs. Soesdyke 14:30hrs, Uitvlugt vs. Sara Lodge 15:00hrs and Crane vs. Sara Rovers vs. Tiger Bay 15:30hrs.
The winner of the one-day competition will pocket $70,000 and the championship trophy, while the runners-up will receive $30,000 and a trophy. The winners of tournament will receive nine hampers from Ricks and Sari along with nine blankets from Food for the Poor. The highest goal scorer will receive a dinette table from China Trading and the runner-up will receive a lazy boy chair from AH&L Kissoon.
In addition there will be a four team, winner takes all, $20,000 Brian Tiwari Cup being contested between Zeelugt, Wales, Den Amstel and Bagotsville.
Other major sponsors of the event are Banks DIH limited, BK International and Bakewell. Admission to the venue will me $500 come match day.
By T.J. Buffenbarger
After only holding a handful of events over the past several seasons Gas City I-69 Speedway started a regular slate of racing last Friday. The source of Gas City's rebirth as a weekly race track came from an unlikely source in Jerry Gappens.
Gappens name is well known in motorsports circles from television to high-ranking positions some of the most well-known racing facilities in the country. Gappens had a short stint as a sprint car driver at Kokomo Speedway before giving that up to become a student at Ball State University. Later in their their college career Gappens had the opportunity to work at National Speed Sport News. That eventually opened the doors to a career rising through the ranks of Speedway Motorsports Inc. and their various properties.
After departing SMI and doing some public relations work Gappens decided to visit one of their old co-workers and Friends at SMI.
“Roger Slack from Eldora Speedway had called and invited me up for the Kings Royal and the NASCAR Truck Race. I hadn't been at Eldora in a long time, so I thought I'd go up. I drove up and watched the Kings Royal,” said Gappens.
During the gap between the Kings Royal and the NASCAR truck race they made a trip over to see their Mother on the south side of Kokomo, Indiana. On that trip back to Kokomo they noticed Gas City I-69 Speedway. Instead of driving by, Gappens had to have a peak at a racing facility they went to in their younger days.
“Being a racing junkie like we all are I stopped to look at it because I hadn't seen it in about 30 years. I climbed the fence and looked at it and realized the facility is a lot nicer than I had remembered it 30 years ago. I certainly was aware of the success the facility had with Jiggs and Nona Thomason and Jack Himelick the owner.”
After the visit with their Mom Gappens returned to Eldora and watched the Truck Race. On the way home from Charlotte the experience from Eldora combined with their impromptu visit to Gas City got the wheels turning in Gappens' head.
“It caught me off guard that the Kings Royal had a standing room only crowd and actually drew more people than the NASCAR Truck Race,” said Gappens. “In all my years in Motorsports I never thought I'd see a sprint car race sell more tickets than one of the top three touring series of NASCAR. That made me start to think there was something to short track racing and people getting back to their grass roots.”
At that point Gappens started contemplating doing something at Gas City, but not without some hesitation.
“I was doing my own marketing and PR thing for a year and a half and decided to track down the owner. I came up and met with them a couple of times and kept thinking about it. Honestly, knowing everything I do about motorsports I tried to talk myself out of it.”
After a lot of self-reflection and prayers Gappens pursued a deal to become the promoter at Gas City. When everything was finalized in January Gappens had to hit the ground running to put together a schedule. While the late start to scheduling would be daunting to any promoter, Gappens tried to use it to their advantage.
“The good part (of the late start of scheduling) was I could look around and make sure I didn't have dates scheduled up against something in the area that could affect attendance or car count.”
Fans will see a lot of the staples that raised the track's profile through the late 90's and into the 2000's highlighted by Non-Wing Sprint Cars. One difference though is each night has theme and special activities associated with it outside of the racing along with multiple visiting divisions booked throughout the season.
“I did not want to have something on the schedule called a “regular show”,” said Gappens. “I don't want any nights to be regular here, I want to have every night be special and have that special event feel.”
Often when tracks remain idle and are revived there can be some pushback from the community. Gappens has experienced the opposite in Gas City where local area businesses are excited to see the track back in regular operation.
“People remember the track being a great asset to the community,” said Gappens. “Everyone from the convenience stores to the gas stations and hotels at the exit here off of I-69 has had a good reception so far.”
In turn Gappens has tried intertwining the track into the surrounding area.
I've tried to go and use the things I've learned throughout my career at Speedway Motorsports to engage with the community and the chamber to make the track integrated again with the people around here.”
Gappens is well aware of the daunting task ahead and the failure rate of new promoters yet has some realistic goals for their first year promoting a short track and beyond.
“I don't know what to expect out of this first year. There are over 800 short tracks around the country and the average time span for them is two to three years. If you can get by that there is a good chance you will be in it for good. I'd like to establish this as an entertainment facility that's not just what there is on the track, but expand the fan base by getting the fringe fan or doesn't even care about racing to come out and when they leave realize how much fun this is and want to come back.”
Schedule wise Gappens looks to procure solid divisions on a regular basis while cultivating a couple of marque events to make Gas City stand out.
“One or two major events seem to be a staple of lot of tracks that have had success,” said Gappens. “One or two races a year that you know are related to that track. I couldn't go too far out on the edge the first year with that, we have 2,500 permanent seats, so not quite big enough for a World of Outlaws show. So you have to be a little creative with that.”
One unexpected thing was the rejuvenated enthusiasm from track owner Jack Himelick.
“The race track is not Jack's primary business,” said Gappens. “He's 83 years old and really excited about what we're doing coming into it full time with the professional approach to it.”
With opening night under their belt Gappens is ready to continue pounding the pavement to let the community know about Gas City's full slate of races.
With a business that has been dormant you have to bang the drum loud that we're back. There is where my pr/marketing background is handy,” said Gappens. We're on Cable TV, social medial, print, and radio trying to blast it out that Gas City is back up and racing again.”
Trump seeks to establish base on moon, from there reach Mars
Washington, Dec 11 (EFE).- US President Donald Trump issued a directive Monday that set NASA the goal of establishing a base on the moon, visited by humans for the last time in 1972, as a lead-up to the first manned mission to Mars.
“The directive I am signing today will refocus America's space program on human exploration and discovery. It marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-term exploration and use,” Trump said at a White House ceremony with reference to the last moonwalk by members of the Apollo 17 crew.
Trump said that “this time, we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint, we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and, perhaps someday, to many worlds beyond.”
“Imagine the possibility waiting in those big beautiful stars if we dare to dream big. That's what our country is doing again, we're dreaming big,” the president said.
The US president was accompanied at the event by the acting NASA administrator, Robert Lightfoot, by astronaut Peggy Whitson, the first woman commander of the International Space Station, and by Vice President Mike Pence.
The last time the United States sent a manned mission outside of terrestrial orbit was in 1972 on Apollo 17, from which two of its astronauts, Eugene Cernan and Harrison “Jack” Schmitt, undertook three walks on the surface of the moon.
Schmitt himself, now age 85, was also present at the event, 45 years after their moonwalks.
Video
There is still a long way to go before deaf patients get the increased accessibility to NHS Wales that they were promised, a charity has warned.
There has been some progress since standards were introduced four years ago.
But Action on Hearing Loss said people who are deaf or have hearing loss are still being forced to use the phone or go to their GP surgery in person.
The Welsh Government said it recognised there was "more to be done to address the remaining barriers".
Fosia Ibrahim, from Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, and their partner are both deaf.
When their teenage son was rushed to hospital, they had difficulties in finding out what was wrong.
Four biotech and technology stocks with strong technical momentum top our charts to watch.
bluebird bio Inc. BLUE, -0.49% has been on a wonderful run following its presentation at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting on June 5. Although the stock pulled back on Monday, it snapped right back $2.80, or 2.5%, to $112.60, on 922,700 shares traded on Tuesday. (It slipped to $112.05 on Wednesday.) The stock has traversed from the bottom to the top of its yearlong rising channel, and a breakout could get it to $138-$142, where there's next lateral resistance from its September 2015 high. Short interest of 12.2 times its average volume could fuel the move as shorts cover on a rally, although the stock may first consolidate the recent sharp advance.
Omeros Corp. OMER, +12.21% broke out of a wedge Tuesday and through triple-top lateral resistance, surging $2.48 to $19.58 on 4.5 million shares. (It added another $2.39 to $21.97 on Wednesday.) The company announced the Food and Drug Administration granted breakthrough therapy designation to its drug candidate for treating Immunoglobulin A nephropathy and other kidney diseases. The move broke the stock above our first target of $19.50, and now the short-term rising channel points to $22 next. Current support is at $18.93. Short interest is a heavy 16.4 times its average volume, which could accelerate the advance.
ORBCOMM Inc. ORBC, +0.81% has an incredible long-term chart that shows it in a continuous rising channel since 2009. The stock has been climbing off its channel bottom since earlier this year when it broke out of a six-month declining wedge, and on Tuesday it edged above lateral resistance, up 36 cents, or 3.3%, to $11.18. (It closed Wednesday at $11.27.) The move came after the company announced Monday that it acquired the assets of inthinc Inc., a longtime customer of its wireless data services. The mid-channel target is $13.50-$14, with the long-term channel top pointing to $18-$20.
Teladoc Inc. TDOC, +1.23% had a nice snapback on Tuesday after a three-day pullback, up $1.90, or 6.2%, to $32.60. (It rose further on Wednesday, closing at $33.00.) The stock is up nearly 50% in the last month since the company, which delivers on-demand health care through mobile devices, the internet, video and phone, reported better-than-expected financial results on May 8. A break of recent highs at $34.25 could lead the stock to the channel top near $36-$37 next, and eventually even $40.
See Harry's video chart analysis on these stocks.
Harry Boxer is founder of TheTechTrader.com, a live trading room featuring their stock picks, technical market analysis, and live chart presentations.
The Limerick fisherman who tragically died when they were swept into the sea off the Clare Coast will be laid to rest next week.
The remains of Andrey Maltsev, 45, were discovered on a beach on Inis Meain last Friday after they entered the water near Doonbeg while fishing on the morning of September 16.
The Russian national, who worked at Tredwell Electrical in Raheen for the past three years and Mr Binman before that, lived in Kilteragh, Dooradoyle, with their family and was formerly from the Komi Republic, Russia.
A major search operation took place after their co-worker raised the alarm following the incident, which happened at the spectacular but notorious Blue Pool.
Around 40 friends and colleagues from Limerick travelled to Doonbeg to assist with the search operation for the fisherman after they went missing.
Mr Maltsev is survived by their heartbroken wife Elena and beloved daughter Lera, parents Vitalii and Maria, sister Alina and their husband Andrei, brother Vasilii and their wife Tatyna, father-in-law Rashid, mother-in-law Valentina, sisters-in-law Irena and Julia, nieces, nephews, extended family and friends in both Russia and Ireland.
They will repose at Meehan's Funeral Home, Castleconnell on Tuesday from 6pm with removal at 7pm to St. Nessan's church, Raheen. Funeral Service on Wednesday at 12 noon. Burial afterwards in Castlemungret Cemetery. Family flowers only. Donations appreciated to Kilkee unit of the Irish Coast Guard.
With a single tweet, President Donald Trump can make headlines, move markets, and ignite new feuds.
Despite Twitter being the president's platform of choice during the campaign, and now in the White House, there's been no noticeable "Trump effect" when it comes to Twitter's ability to generate revenue.
The Twitter page for Donald J. Trump NBC News
Twitter posted revenue of $717 million for the fourth quarter of 2016, up 1 percent year-over-year. The service reported 319 million monthly active users, up 4 percent from the same period in 2015.
Perhaps most perplexing, Twitter had more eyeballs on the site, with impressions and time spent on Twitter "increasing by double digits in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis," according to the company.
Related: Could Ex-Twitter CEO Have Changed the Way Trump Tweets?
While it's hard to say what that can be attributed to, with a contentious election season, it's certainly feasible that some of those additional views came thanks to Trump's voracious tweeting.
Here's where things get - to borrow a word from the president - "sad!"
Advertising engagements were even up 151 percent, yet ad revenue for 2016 totaled $638 million - a slight dip from the previous year.
"I think whatever your political views, it's clear that Trump is extremely divisive, and this isn't really a positive for advertisers," Richard Kramer, managing partner at Arete Research, told CNBC ahead of the earnings release Thursday morning.
"Some people just want to see cat pictures and memes they can laugh at, not an immigration debate," said Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy. "Those users are tuning out of Twitter."
Ivan Feinseth, chief investment officer at Tigress Financial Partners, told NBC News that even though "Trump has made this company beyond a household name," advertisers feel they're getting more bang for their buck at Google and Facebook.
While it could be a Hail Mary move, could dumping Trump be good for Twitter's business?
Unless they violate the terms of service, Feinseth doesn't think so.
"If you're Twitter, that would be like taking a gun to your head," they said.
The real issue for Twitter, Feinseth said, is that "so much of Trump's tweets are retweeted, people don't have to join."
Image copyright Urdd Eisteddfod Image caption This year's Urdd Eisteddfod is being held at the Showground in Builth Wells.
A schoolboy who died in a road crash has won a posthumous award at this year's Urdd Eisteddfod.
Tristan Silver, 11, died following the collision on the A485 between Olmarch and Tregaron, Ceredigion, on 4 May.
Before their death the Ysgol y Dderi pupil entered a competition to create an app for youngsters with a classmate.
The pair's project was announced as the winning entry during a ceremony at the event, which is being held in Builth Wells this year.
The Urdd Eisteddfod is an annual Welsh-language youth festival of literature, music and performing arts.
An Urdd spokesperson said: "At the beginning of the month, we received the tragic news about the death of Tristan Silver.
"In May, the Eisteddfod's creative competitions were adjudicated and Tristan and their friend came first in the competition for year six pupils to create an app.
"Today on the Eisteddfod Maes, Tristan's family received the award on their behalf. They have said how proud they are of Tristan's achievement."
First Charges for Generic-Drug Company Probe Said to Occur
U.S. prosecutors are nearing their first charges against companies in an almost four-year-old criminal investigation into alleged price-fixing by generic-drug makers, according to people familiar with the matter. Bloomberg's Drew Armstrong joins Julie Hyman, Julia Chatterley and Joe Weisenthal on Bloomberg's "What'd You Miss?" to explain. (Source: Bloomberg)
Joanne Schnurr, CTV Ottawa
While accused murderer Basil Borutski sits silently in cour, the jury heard a startling admission in their own voice today, that they killed three women.
In a lengthy interview with the OPP investigator played before the jury, Borutski cited the Bible, saying God made the killings easy for him.
In a rambling,often explosive interview, Basil Borutski talks about how they killed the women because they weren't innocent but how they couldn't take their own life because that would be murder.
It is a bizarre and twisted confession but in Basil Borutski's mind, what happened needed to happen.
“I killed them because they were not innocent," they tell Detective Sergeant Caley O'Neill, who is the OPP officer interviewing Borutski.
Referring often to the bible, Borutski explains to O'neill that God was trying to show them that the commandment "Thou shalt not murder" means you can't take an innocent life. “Murdering is killing something innocent,” they said.
“That's why I couldn't kill myself," they say, "because I thought about shooting myself but I can't do that because I didn't do anything wrong. That would be murdering myself.”
Borutski has not uttered a word since the trial began into the murders of Nathalie Warmerdam, Anastasia Kuzyk and Carol Culleton. But they had much to say to O'Neill, becoming increasingly more agitated and angry as the interview wore on.
“I've been telling people over and over I'm going to explode," they explained to O'Neill, blaming the police, the justice system and these women for where their life was at. And then this:
“God is really helping me because when I went to carol's, they walked right outside."
Carol Culleton was a widower who lived in a cottage that Borutski had helped fix up.
 They are the first of 3 women killed in that rampage.
“And there was a cable and I picked it up and I hit them with it and wrapped it around their head,' they tell O'Neill.
"This is not you, Basil," they recall their saying, "this is not you."
Anastasia Kuzyk was next. They were in their home with their sister early Tuesday morning.
“Why did you lie in court?” Basil recalls asking them
"She said “I didn't” and the gun went off."
Then Natalie Warmerdam. Twenty minutes after Kuzyk is shot dead, Warmerdam is killed on the stairs of their house.
“Boom. That was it. I walked out," says Borutski, “It was funny, like i wasn't even pulling the trigger on the gun. The gun was just going off. Boop."
MANILA – The Philippines said on Friday the anti-dengue vaccine Dengvaxia may be connected to three deaths in the country, according to a government-ordered inquiry, and that the drug is not ready for mass immunisation.
Sanofi revealed in November that Dengvaxia – the world's first dengue vaccine – might increase the risk of severe disease in people who had never been exposed to the virus. The news prompted an uproar in the Philippines, where more than 800,000 school-age children had been vaccinated in 2016.
“We sympathise with all the families who have suffered the loss of a child. Sanofi Pasteur's mission is to reduce or eliminate suffering for millions around the world through vaccination, including in the Philippines,” a spokesperson for the French drugmaker said in an emailed statement.
The Philippine Health Ministry halted Dengvaxia immunisations in November. It formed a 10-member panel of experts to determine if the drug was directly connected to the deaths of 14 children after they were given the vaccine.
It found it may have been connected to the deaths of three.
“Three cases were found to have causal association. They died of dengue even (though) they were given Dengvaxia. Two of them may have died because of vaccine failure,” Health Undersecretary Enrique Domingo told a news conference.
“These findings strengthen the decision of the Department of Health to stop the vaccine. It has failed in some children. Dengvaxia is not ready for mass vaccinations and we would need three to five more years to watch and monitor if there would be other adverse reactions from the vaccine.”
Mosquito-borne dengue is the world's fastest-growing infectious disease, afflicting up to 100 million people worldwide, causing half a million life-threatening infections and killing about 20,000 people, mostly children, each year.
Domingo said the panel's findings would be shared with the justice department, which is considering cases against those responsible for the mass immunisation programme.
Paediatrician and panel member Juliet Sio-Aguilar, from the University of the Philippines-Philippine General Hospital (UP-PGH), said the team was recommending further studies as it was difficult to directly connect the three deaths to Dengvaxia.
No vaccine has a 100 percent success rate, they said. The dengue death rate in the Philippines was 60 times higher than global rate, Sio-Aguilar said.
Sanofi said on Saturday the UP-PGH's findings confirmed there is currently no evidence directly linking the Dengvaxia vaccine to any of the 14 deaths.
“In Dengvaxia clinical trials conducted over more than a decade and the over one million doses of the vaccine administered, no deaths related to the vaccine have been reported to us,” the company said in a statement.
The Philippines spent 3.5 billion pesos ($68 million) on the Dengvaxia programme to reduce the 200,000 dengue cases reported every year.
Sanofi said clinical evidence confirms dengue vaccination in the Philippines will provide a net reduction in dengue disease, including severe dengue.
The Philippines has already fined Sanofi a symbolic $2,000, citing violations in product registration and marketing.
The number of workers on U.S. payrolls declined last month for the first time since 2010, reflecting major disruptions from hurricanes Harvey and Irma, Labor Department figures showed Friday. The jobless rate fell to a new 16-year-low while wage gains accelerated.
Highlights of Employment (September) Payrolls fell 33k (est. up 80k) after 169k advance; revisions subtracted combined 38k in July-Aug.
Unemployment rate, derived from a separate Labor Department survey of households, dropped to 4.2% (est. 4.4%) from 4.4%; lowest since Feb. 2001
Average hourly earnings rose by 0.5% m/m (est. up 0.3%) after 0.2% rise; up 2.9% y/y (est. 2.6%)
About 1.47m people were unable to work due to bad weather, most since Jan. 1996
Key Takeaways
The hurricanes had a “net effect” of reducing nonfarm payrolls in September, while there was “no discernible effect” on the national unemployment rate, the Labor Department said in a special note Friday. Data-collection rates “generally were within normal ranges” for both surveys that produce the figures.
Restaurants and bars -- an industry where most workers only get paid if they show up to work -- had a 105,000 drop in payrolls, according to a statement from Bureau of Labor Statistics acting commissioner William Wiatrowski.
The numbers reflect Harvey's impact on Texas in late August, and Irma's fallout in Florida in September. Data on the labor market and the rest of the economy may be volatile for several months as the weather effects wash out and rebuilding picks up. Puerto Rico, which was hit by Hurricane Maria last month, isn't included in payrolls.
It's hard to measure the exact impact of severe weather on national employment data; state-level figures due Oct. 20 will provide a more detailed look. Federally-designated disaster counties in Florida and Texas accounted for 7.7 percent of U.S. employment in March, according to the Labor Department.
The number of Americans who didn't report to work because of bad weather comes from the Labor Department's survey of households, which reflects the calendar week that includes the 12th of the month. The survey still counts a worker as employed even if they missed that entire week's work for weather-related reasons, regardless of whether they were paid or not for the time off.
The agency's survey of establishments, which produces the payrolls figure, counts as employed a person who worked at least one hour in the pay period that includes the 12th of the month. Bad weather hurts the payrolls tally if employees got no compensation for that entire pay period.
Other data and recent reports -- such as Institute for Supply Management surveys for employment in manufacturing and service industries -- indicate the underlying labor market is humming along.
The pickup in wages was encouraging, though some economists had already penciled in a boost -- with reasons including storm effects that prevented low-paid Americans from working, and a calendar quirk that tends to produce stronger wage growth when the 15th of the month falls within the survey week.
With the U.S. near full employment, Federal Reserve policymakers have been watching for signs of an acceleration in paychecks that may push inflation closer to their goal. The central bank last month forecast it will raise interest rates once more by year-end, with investors and analysts expecting the move in December.
Economist's View
“I don't think this is indicative of problems in the labor market -- it's because of the hurricanes,” said Gus Faucher, chief economist at PNC Financial Services Group Inc. in Pittsburgh. Excluding effects of the storms, “the economy is in decent shape, the labor market continues to improve, and we'll bounce back to job growth in the final three months of 2017.”
Of the jump in average hourly earnings, Faucher said he's “discounting that somewhat” because of the drop in employment at restaurants, a “low-paying industry. “My guess is that's probably more of a compositional mix than a surge in wage growth, so I wouldn't read too much into it.”
Other Details
Participation rate, or share of working-age people in the labor force, increased to 63.1 percent from 62.9 percent
The U-6, or underemployment rate, fell to 8.3 percent from 8.6 percent; measure includes part-time workers who'd prefer a full-time position and people who want a job but aren't actively looking
People working part-time for economic reasons fell by 133,000 to 5.12 million
Private employment fell by 40,000 (forecast was up 75,000) after increasing 164,000; government payrolls rose by 7,000
Manufacturing payrolls fell by 1,000; construction hiring rose by 8,000; retailers cut staff by 2,900
Average workweek for all workers unchanged at 34.4 hours (matching forecast)
Number of people out of work for 27 weeks or longer, or the so-called long-term unemployed, rose as a share of all jobless to 25.5 percent from 24.7 percent
— With assistance by Jordan Yadoo, and Patricia Laya
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
By KEN RITTER and MICHELLE PRICE
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Las Vegas police released some video records Wednesday compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
A partial review of the files shows they include video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard on the night of the shooting and an aerial view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue.
The release came after courts ordered the department to make public police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from a high-rise hotel into an outdoor concert crowd on the Las Vegas Strip.
It's the fourth batch of records to be released under the court order. Previous material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism by officers and witnesses.
Courts ordered the release in response to a lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media organizations.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned department employees from talking about the material. Officer Jacinto Rivera, a department spokesperson, said there would be no comment Wednesday.
FBI spokesperson Sandra Breault also declined to comment.
Police and the FBI have said they don't know a motive for the attack, and the investigation is ongoing.
The agencies say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone, shooting from a 32nd-floor suite at the Mandalay Bay resort into the crowd of 22,000 country music fans. They say the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Authorities say Paddock, 64, a real estate investor and high-stakes gambler, had amassed an arsenal of nearly two dozen assault-style rifles and numerous high-capacity ammunition magazines in the hotel suite where they broke the windows and opened fire for about 10 minutes.
Police argued in court that it would be too time-consuming and costly to comply with the records requests by the media.
The department also said the materials could disclose investigative techniques, and Lombardo warned that the records would "further traumatize a wounded community."
On May 2, the department made public several hours of video including footage from two officers' body cameras showing police blasting through the door of the room where authorities say Paddock killed themselves before officers arrived. Paddock is seen dead on the floor.
Two weeks later, the department released 1,200 pages of police reports containing witness statements and officer accounts, including reports from at least two people who said a person they believed to be Paddock ranted in the days prior to the attack about the federal government and gun control.
The claims by those people and others could not be verified because the names of witnesses were blacked out.
The release last week of about 2,100 pages of police reports, witness statements and dispatch logs provided more details of the chaos and confusion at the Route 91 Harvest Festival concert. The records also chronicled how officers and hotel security responded.
Some reports described officers racing from casino to casino while debunking reports of multiple shooters and bomb threats. Other officers put themselves in harm's way to protect wounded and fleeing concert-goers.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Linden Teen charged for robbing woman, attacking Police
A teenager was remanded to prison on Monday when they appeared before Magistrate Ann McLennan in the Georgetown Magistrates' Courts.
On February 8, last, at Canvas City, Wismar Linden, while being armed with a gun the teen allegedly robbed Lynnette Richmond of four gold chains value $210,000, four rings value $80,000 and one silver ring value $3,500.
It is also alleged that on February 7, last, at the Mackenzie Sport Club Ground, Linden they assaulted a police officer.
The handy man pleaded not guilty to the charges.
While Police Prosecutor Deniro Jones did not give facts in the matters they objected to bail based on the serious nature of the offence and penalty it attracts.
The defendant was remanded to prison and they will make their next Court appearance on February 21, at the Linden Magistrate's Court.
Micron Technology Inc. has a lot to live up to with its earnings report this week.
The memory-chip maker's shares have surged 44 percent this year, including a 21 percent run in March alone. That outperformance may mean it will take more than the usual beat-and-raise quarter to impress traders when the company posts fiscal second-quarter results after Thursday's market close.
In the past two weeks alone, five analysts have raised their price targets on the shares. Nomura set a Street-high $100 target on March 12, arguing that DRAM pricing trends are set to improve in the second calendar quarter and that Micron is in the early stages of a major break higher. Four days later, Baird analyst Tristan Gerra matched the $100 target, saying that price declines in Micron's other major product, NAND flash memory, are more muted than expected. Their forecasts imply about a 69 percent gain from current trading levels.
While most analysts remain bullish on Micron's fundamentals, not all of them say this should translate into further outsized share gains. Morgan Stanley's Joseph Moore said in a note Monday that Micron's strong business trends are increasingly being discounted in the stock and upside in the shares is likely to be “more limited from here.” Moore also said Micron is space-constrained and they wouldn't be surprised if it announces construction of a new fabrication facility this week or at the company's May 21 analyst day.
From a technical perspective, the shares broke out above the 50-day moving average of $46.74 on Feb. 15. However, the 14-day relative strength index rose to more than 70 on March 5, moving the stock into overbought territory, where it has remained.
At least one ex-Giant thinks Odell Beckham is worth every penny So, how much is Odell Beckham Jr. worth? Antrel Rolle does not care. “Whatever he's asking, I'll give them $10 million more,'' Rolle told The Post on Monday. The retired...
Inside DRC's move to safety with ex-Giant who knows best They understand the logic, believes it can work but, if they had a voice in the decision, Antrel Rolle would not move their friend Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie from cornerback to safety....
'It broke my heart again': Ex-Giants felt Eli Manning's pain Eli wouldn't even eat a hot dog. That is what Chris Snee remembers about the way their former quarterback and forever friend is wired. Snee, a powerhouse guard for 10...
Giants aren't good enough — or leading by enough — to bank on playoffs It was the kind of big game the Giants haven't played in or won since Super Bowl XLVI, and it stamps them as legitimate Super Bowl contenders and a team...
Inside Landon Collins' transformation from average rookie to game-breaking stud The Giants haven't had a Pro Bowl safety since Antrel Rolle in 2013. But Rolle said they believe they have another one now in breakout star Landon Collins. “I definitely...
Giants title hero Antrel Rolle says he's retired Remember when Giants fan hoped Antrel Rolle would be re-signed to help out the safety position? There was a time when Rolle wanted the same thing. That is not going...
Eli Apple craves their test against cagey Jets wideouts The watching was the hardest part for Eli Apple. The rookie cornerback, a first-round draft pick from Ohio State, will return Saturday night to play against the Jets after missing...
Antrel Rolle makes spirited, profane pitch for Giants return You do not always get what you want, but there is no doubt about what Antrel Rolle wants. “You know my first choice would be home, man,'' Rolle told The...
Why Antrel Rolle relies on their mom to handle their millions The NFL held its second annual Personal Finance Camp this week in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. And as it did last year, the league welcomed family members to join the players....
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — Josh McCown has been through this plenty during their NFL career.
The New York Jets are the 10th team the veteran quarterback has been with since 2002, so he's sort of an expert in getting acquainted with teammates in new surroundings.
“It's always good to get back started, especially when you are coming to a new team,” McCown said Monday in quotes issued by the team, which reported for its first day of the offseason program at its training facility in Florham Park, New Jersey. “It's good to meet everyone and get acclimated. But it's the first day in a long process and I'm excited to be part of it.”
McCown was signed in March to a one-year, $6 million contract to try to help stabilize the Jets' shaky quarterback situation. Ryan Fitzpatrick and Geno Smith became free agents and weren't re-signed, leaving New York only with the unproven Bryce Petty and Christian Hackenberg at the position.
MORE: Lichtenstein: McCown Signing Signals Jets Have Already Given Up On 2017
The 37-year-old McCown, who spent the past two seasons in Cleveland, is the front-runner for the Jets' starting job.
But the quarterback spot is far from settled. New York holds the No. 6 overall pick in the draft and could opt to take one of the top available passers — perhaps Clemson's Deshaun Watson or North Carolina's Mitchell Trubisky — at the spot.
After Fitzpatrick struggled mightily and was benched for the second time, Petty took over and did little to cement their status as the team's potential starter before a shoulder injury ended their season. The 2015 fourth-rounder out of Baylor spent the offseason rehabilitating their left (non-throwing) shoulder and recharging.
“I'm excited on all fronts,” Petty said. “It's always good to get some time away, but then you come back in the building and see old faces and see the guys. It's the kind of adrenaline you don't get anywhere else.”
Several familiar faces are no longer in New York's locker room after last season's 5-11 campaign, with the Jets in what appears to be a clear rebuilding mode. Cornerback Darrelle Revis, wide receiver Brandon Marshall, center Nick Mangold, left tackle Ryan Clady and kicker Nick Folk were among the well-established veterans who were let go to slash some high salaries.
McCown, offensive lineman Kelvin Beachum, kicker Chandler Catanzaro and cornerback Morris Claiborne are among the newcomers settling in. According to photos posted on the Jets' website, wide receiver Eric Decker (hip, shoulder) and running back Matt Forte (torn meniscus), both recovering from offseason surgeries, were also in attendance Monday.
MORE: Keidel: Will The Jets Eventually Ax Eric Decker, Too?
NFL teams continue their offseason programs, which include classroom work and strength and conditioning, through mid-May, when organized team activities begin. Minicamps are held in June, with training camp starting in late-June.
“It feels like the first day of school, walking around seeing smiles on everybody's face,” said defensive lineman Leonard Williams, who made their first Pro Bowl last season. “It feels great to be back to work with all of my teammates.”
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
CLOSE USA TODAY tech reporter Jefferson Graham and staff photographer Robert Hanashiro offer up a few tips on taking better July 4th fireworks photos. USA TODAY
Will Lafferty blows a whistle while walking in First Baptist Church's Weekday Education's annual Fourth of July parade, in Oxford, Miss., on July 3, 2018. (Photo: Bruce Newman, The Oxford Eagle via AP)
Across the country, Americans will don red, white and blue on July 4 to celebrate the nation's independence with barbecues, parades and fireworks.
The holiday commemorates the Founding Fathers' declaration of independence in 1776. The day has had a fascinating history ever since, rife with quirky coincidences and inventive celebrations.
Want to impress your friends and family at this year's Fourth of July gathering? Check out these facts you might not have known about the holiday.
1. Congress didn't actually vote for independence on July 4.
Twelve of thirteen states approved a resolution for independence on July 2, not July 4, when the declaration was actually adopted. New York didn't vote until July 9. Many of the signers didn't attach their names to the document until August 2.
John Adams famously insisted the annual celebration of independence be held July 2, not July 4, and refused to attend any events on the latter day.
2. The Fourth of July didn't become an official holiday until over a century after America declared its independence.
In 1776, John Adams wrote in a letter to their wife, Abigail, that American independence should be celebrated with “pomp and Parade…Games, Sports, Guns, Bells, Bonfires and Illuminations from one End of this Continent to the other.”
Though early celebrations began the following year, the Fourth of July wasn't designated a federal holiday until 1870. In 1941, it became a paid holiday for federal employees.
More: 4th of July 2018: Where and when you can watch fireworks in Southwest Florida
Decked out in full American flag decor this "float" makes its way down Tuscawilla Road during the annual Fourth of July Parade, in Micanopy, Fla. on July 4, 2017. (Photo: Brad McClenny, The Gainsville Sun, via AP)
3. During the Revolutionary War, George Washington gave their soldiers a special treat for the holiday.
On July 4, 1778, George Washington ordered a double ration of rum for their soldiers. They also ordered a cannon salute to celebrate the occasion.
Drinking was a large part of historical Fourth of July celebrations — it was traditional to drink 13 toasts, one for each state in the union.
4. In a bizarre coincidence, Thomas Jefferson and John Adams both died on July 4, 1826 — the nation's 50th birthday.
The two founding fathers and political adversaries died within five hours of each other.
As Adams lay on their deathbed, unaware that Jefferson had died earlier that day in Monticello, they reportedly spoke their last words: "Jefferson still survives".
James Monroe was the third president to die on July 4: they passed away in 1831.
More: 4th of July patriotism unites Southwest Florida despite divided times
5. Calvin Coolidge is the only president to be born on July 4.
Coolidge, the 30th U.S. president, was born on Independence Day in 1872.
Other July 4 birthdays include first daughter Malia Obama, gangster Meyer Lansky, author Nathaniel Hawthorne, and reality TV star Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino.
6. The United States isn't the only country to celebrate independence on July 4.
The Philippines gained its independence from U.S. colonial control on July 4, 1946, and the day became a national holiday.
In 1962, however, the day was changed to June 12 in light of rising Filipino nationalism and resentment toward prior American colonialism. July 4 remains on the books as "Philippine Republic Day," but isn't widely observed.
7. Celebrating with fireworks is as old as the holiday itself.
At the first Fourth of July celebrations, which took place in Philadelphia in 1777, revelers fired a cannon 13 times, once for each colony. That night, 13 fireworks were fired off from the city's commons.
The tradition has only blossomed since then. In 1934, an explorer in Antarctica set off fireworks to celebrate the holiday in relatively warm weather for the continent: 33 degrees below zero.
CLOSE Your hot dog deserves more than just a pedestrian squirt of mustard. Time
8. And today, fireworks are a massive industry.
According to the American Pyrotechnics Association, Americans spent over $1 billion on fireworks in 2017. That number has roughly tripled over the last 20 years.
8. July 4 is the biggest hot dog day of the year.
Americans consume roughly 150 million hot dogs on the Fourth of July — enough to stretch from Washington, D.C. to Los Angeles five times.
Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest, which is over a century old, takes place July 4 every year. The record, currently held by Joey Chestnut, is 72 hot dogs in 10 minutes.
More: 4th of July 2018 fireworks and events in Southwest Florida
Read or Share this story: https://newspr.es/2u1uKWt
Fayose Hails Saraki's Victory At CCT
BY ALO ABIOLA,
Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose has hailed the triumph of the Senate President, Bukola Saraki at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), describing it as another victory of Nigerians over tyranny.
Governor Fayose who drew the attention of Nigerians to number eight of their 22 predictions for year 2017, said; “I said it categorically that
the Code of Conduct Tribunal will absolve Senate President Bukola Saraki and today, the prediction came to pass.”
Reacting to the CCT judgment discharging Senator Saraki through their Special Assistant on Public Communications and New Media, Lere
Olayinka, the governor said the judgment was another lesson for the President Muhammadu Buhari led All Progressives Congress (APC) federal government that criminal cases are not won on the pages of newspapers.
They congratulated the Senate President, urging them to see the victory as a challenge to them and the entire members of the National Assembly to always stand up to defend the the rule of law and fundamental rights of Nigerians.
The governor said; “I have maintained that the government of President Buhari is not fighting any corruption. Rather, what is being done is
hiding under anti-corruption fight to persecute, humiliate, harass and malign perceived political enemies.
“They go about trying their perceived political foes in the media, with the aim of destroying their names when they do not have any evidence that can sustain court trial and it is for this reason that they have been losing corruption cases.
“Look at all the noise they made when they started Senator Saraki's case, it was as if they will be sent to jail the following week. But when it was time for them to prove their allegations, they could not
The post Fayose Hails Saraki's Victory At CCT appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
IT Carlow have made the Fitzgibbon Cup semi-finals for the first time after a surprise 4-16 to 0-23 victory over University of Limerick today.
DJ Carey's team scored goals through Martin Kavanagh, Mark Russell and Jack Fagan to take a 3-07 to 0-12 half-time lead before Chris Bolger's strike (below) secured the impressive win late on.
Despite Brian Lohan's side playing at home and possessing such star names as Tipperary All-Ireland winner John McGrath and former Hurler of the Year Tony Kelly of Clare they couldn't find the goals they needed to reel in the visitors.
IT Carlow now face UCC in the semi-finals on Friday February 24.
Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive our newsletter and find out what's going on around Wales.
Cupertino's annual eco-friendly festival pairing Earth Day with Arbor Day is adding yoga, biking and films this year.
The festival is on Saturday from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. outside Cupertino City Hall and will include more than 80 booths hosted by nonprofits and businesses, eco-friendly activities, live entertainment and food trucks, among other attractions.
Misty Mersich, the city's sustainability manager, said the festival serves an important purpose.
“The event brings together over 7,000 people of all ages from Cupertino and neighboring communities,” they said. “It is a great opportunity to learn about organizations and businesses that are working to protect our environment and the health of our community. As a result of all the information-sharing and activities that occur at the festival, attendees step away with concrete actions they can take in their own lives to reduce their environmental impact. It is fun for the entire family, with both kids and adult activities.”
They said that this year the city is encouraging attendees to walk and bike to the festival, so the Silicon Valley Bike Coalition is going to provide free valet bicycle parking at the event.
A family bike ride called the “Pedal 4 the Planet Ride,” hosted by the Safe Routes 2 School program, begins at 10 a.m.
Besides more booths than ever, Mersich said, there are a few new additions to the festival.
“In community hall, there is an student environmental art and innovation exhibit, free yoga from 11:15 a.m. to noon, and we are showing short, family-friendly environmentally themed films from 12:30 p.m. to 3 p.m.,” they said. “Cupertino city arborists are hosting a short, guided tree walk through the surrounding neighborhood starting at 1 p.m.”
For more information, visit cupertino.org/earthday.
CELINA, Ohio (WDTN) – Wednesday, Mercer County law enforcement released new details about an unsolved homicide case.
Mercer County Sheriff Jeff Grey shared gruesome details about the remains found near Grand Lake St. Mary in January of 2016 and said new technology is helping the department narrow down where the victim lived before their death.
Sheriff Grey said in a press conference Wednesday the department has been pouring resources into the case since the partially decomposed skeleton was discovered.
“I do not like that we have an unsolved homicide,” Grey said. “It haunts me. This is Mercer County. It's not supposed to happen here.”
The sheriff revealed the unsettling reasons why the case is being called a homicide.
They said, “The body was clearly dismembered. The head was severed from the spinal column. We know that by saw marks on the spinal column.”
Grey also shared recent results from state of the art forensic testing.
Utah-based analysis company Iso Forensics tested the bones' oxygen isotopes and was able to match regions in the country with similar chemical makeup.
The sheriff displayed a map with the locations shaded in blue. It showed a wide swath of possibilities from New England to the Great Lakes to the American Southwest. Two small points also marked Kentucky and Western Virginia.
Grey said a similar test from the same company will further narrow down the locations.
Since the investigation began, other forensics experts have been running test to pinpoint the victim's identity.
They determined the body belongs to a man age 20 to 35 and recovered their complete DNA profile.
That DNA has not successfully returned any hits on national databases.
The department has also been calling on agencies around the country to see if any missing persons match the victim's description. So far, that route has not yielded new leads.
Mercer County is actively investigating 12 of 31 different tips called in from the public. The sheriff said they couldn't quantify the time their staff is spending on the investigation and pledged to exhaust all possible avenues.
“If it isn't solved,” they said, “it won't be because of a lack of effort.”
Finance ministers and central bankers from the leading economies tried to work out some of their differences on the most pressing economic issues during meetings in Buenos Aires on Monday.
When all is said and done, the G-20 will issue a statement on Tuesday that tries to reach the least common denominator between them all.
Here are some of the key issues under discussion at the G-20:
Trade and Tariffs
Trade is probably the most contentious issue, stoked by the Trump administration's reluctance to embrace multilateral agreements and its push to re-balance global commerce in America's favor.
U.S. plans to slap tariffs on steel and aluminum imports have rankled many in the G-20, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin took heat on Monday from several of their colleagues who said U.S. measures were threatening multilateral, rule-based trade.
The European Union and Brazil have threatened to retaliate while others such as Argentina and South Korea lobby for exemptions.
The U.S. is standing firm and, along with Canada, has called out Germany for running major current account surpluses. On the eve of the meeting, America also targeted China, with top Treasury Department official David Malpass rebuking Beijing for moving away from free-market capitalism.
Cyptocurrencies
policymakers are struggling to come up with a unified strategy to oversee digital currencies, which have soared in popularity and pose a challenge to regulators who are concerned about their volatility and potential use in money laundering and tax evasion.
While a draft G-20 statement circulating mid-afternoon Monday said cryptos lack many of the attributes of sovereign currencies, delegates provided limited details on any specific and coordinated steps member nations might take to regulate the assets. Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda advocated for consumer protections, and Saudi Arabia's Monetary Authority Governor Ahmed Alkholifey called for strategies to limit their ability to destabilize markets.
Also Monday, the Trump administration banned U.S. purchases of a cryptocurrency the Venezuelan government is rolling out.
Venezuela
The U.S. wasn't the only nation concerned about Venezuela, as Argentina's Finance Minister Luis Caputo hosted a meeting of counterparts from the Americas, Europe and Japan to discuss the country's deteriorating economic and humanitarian crisis. Venezuela's economic troubles -- and its citizens -- are spilling over into neighboring Latin American nations.
Most delegates agreed in principle on measures to put pressure on the Maduro administration. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin offered to host a follow-up meeting next month in Washington.
Digital Taxation
Taxation is also a controversial topic at the G-20, as the European Union considers imposing a levy on online companies such as Amazon.com Inc. that have considerable clout in Washington. Secretary Mnuchin said last week the administration “firmly opposes” the measure.
But the EU hasn't dropped the idea, which one official at the meetings said had become a major sticking point in the G-20.
Monetary Policy
While the Federal Reserve's new chief Jerome Powell isn't in Buenos Aires, their presence was felt, as global policymakers brace for the impact of higher U.S. borrowing costs.
Investors widely expect Powell to hike interest rates during their first meeting as chairperson on Tuesday and Wednesday, and they may need to accelerate the pace of tightening this year as fiscal stimulus and a pickup in global growth provide tailwinds to the U.S. economy.
Gone already from last year's G-20 communique, based on a draft statement, is any reference that “monetary policy will continue to support economic activity.” The draft also highlights the risks associated with rising interest rates.
— With assistance by Saleha Mohsin, Yoshiaki Nohara, Ye Xie, Carolina Millan, Jess Shankleman, and Jana Randow
A Brooklyn prostitute who works out of their home has been robbed twice in less than two weeks by the same men, cops say.
The 33-year-old victim was first attacked in their Bedford-Stuyvesant home on Jan. 27th at around 5 p.m. after they let two men into the main building who eventually forced their way inside their apartment.
The victim told police that they were punched in the face and knocked to the floor before they pulled a knife and demanded money. The two men made off with $2,600 in cash and jewelry, police say.
They were attacked again just ten days later on February 6th around 2:30 a.m. when a client left their front door open for the robbers to enter.
Cops say this time crooks took $3,000 in cash, their cell phone and a credit card. A fraudulent withdrawal of $300 was made with their card from an ATM inside of a deli on Central Avenue in Bushwick later that day.
The three suspects are described as Hispanic, aged 20-30 years old. One photo has been released a suspect wearing a blue Rolling Stones shirt. A second suspect was last seen wearing a gray hoodie.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Tinubu: Nigeria'll fulfil its destiny
National stalwart of the Progressives Congress (APC) Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has congratulated Nigerians for making it to the New Year.
In a statement by their Media Office, Asiwaju Tinubu said: ”The last year witnessed a lot of sacrifices on the part of Nigerians. The government of APC is mindful. It is the necessary pain before the gain. As we move into a new year the pains will ease off in certain areas as the policies and initiatives of the Buhari-led government begin to yield, needed relief and dividends.
Tinubu said Nigeria had begun on a journey and a path of sacrifice not of our choosing but brought upon us all because a few chosen to lead have led without vision, compunction or compassion. “Now that we have a leadership that is committed, focused and people oriented, we must align to make Nigeria work. We are a people blessed by God and destined to be great. The path to greatness is often not smooth. But I am confident that Nigeria will arrive and fulfill their manifest destiny. Let us all in 2017 pray and hope for a new county where feeding and shelter will not be a challenge and more of our people will find work to do.
“Happy new year and God bless our nation.”
The post Tinubu: Nigeria'll fulfil its destiny appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Identical twin gives sister's name when pulled over by police An identical twin gave them sister's details after they were pulled over by police for driving without insurance – a court heard. Shannon Taylor, 22, allegedly pretended to be her...
Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiancé given six-year prison sentence Justin Hodak is mandated to give their gun to the Los Angeles police department and go through a 52-week domestic violence treatment program.
'I'm the hero' surgeon now an erotic novelist Dr . Rachel Wellner, their surgical scrubs soaked with their own urine, lay in a dank jail cell at the The Tombs, spooning with a large woman named Patricia, who...
Eagles receiver pulled over for speeding charged with gun, weed possession A Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver was charged Tuesday with possession of a 9 mm handgun without a permit and having a small amount of marijuana after they were pulled over...
Off-duty corrections officer arrested for randomly firing gun An off-duty corrections officer was busted in Brooklyn for firing their gun into the air, according to police. Cops say Darrell Ramos, 39, was arrested outside the Brevoort Houses in...
Google staffer admits to slashing after letting friend take the fall A Google employee who let their friend take the fall for slashing a woman in the face with a glass outside a Manhattan nightclub has finally come clean, The Post...
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
By Trudy Rubin
Philadelphia Inquirer
In the wake of the murder of five journalists at the Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis, I can't help recalling a tweet by Donald Trump just after they returned from their love fest with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un in Singapore.
“Our Country's biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools,” the president wrote.
In Trump's mind, the media who reported facts — for example, the slim results of the Singapore summit — were a bigger threat than a nuclear-armed mass murderer in Pyongyang.
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
Before the Annapolis shootings, we accepted such nonsense as the new normal. Trump's denunciation of fact-full media as “FAKE NEWS” was taken for granted. Ditto for their vilification of the New York Times, CNN, NBC News, and many other outlets as “the enemy of the American people.” Trump's incitement of crowds to assault reporters and, their denunciations of specific journalists by name, were decried but expected.
But Trump's media-bashing has now become an immediate danger that threatens to encourage their angry supporters to attack journalists. (While the shooter's full motivation is still not known, they tweeted in 2015 that criticism of candidate Trump by the Capital Gazette “could end badly.”)
The president says the shootings “filled our hearts with grief,” but their actions say otherwise.
Nothing better illustrates Trump's attitude toward the non-syncophantic press than their embrace of authoritarian leaders who repress their own media – from Vladimir Putin to Filipino leader Rodrigo Duterte to Polish President Andrzej Duda. They clearly envy autocrats who can shut journalists up – and wishes they could do the same.
Let's start with Trump's Putin envy.
During Trump's campaign, when asked by MSNBC's Joe Scarborough about Putin's killing of journalists. Trump replied, “Well, I think that our country does plenty of killing, too, Joe.” When pressed, they reluctantly condemned such murders, but then quickly added: “I've always felt fine about Putin. He's a strong leader. He's a powerful leader.”
Trump has repeatedly defended Putin on the issue of murdered journalists, saying, “It has not been proven that he's killed reporters.”
Surely they know that, in Russia, Putin needn't give the orders for such killings (or for the murder of opponents). Assassinations can be conducted with impunity by those who think they are doing the president's bidding — or by criminals who know that they will not be apprehended.
Last year at a G-20 meeting in Hamburg, Germany, Trump sat with Putin, who pointed at reporters and said, “Are these the ones who insulted you?” The two leaders laughed together, but the exchange was telling. Chuckling when Putin trolls the press signals a shared view of how the media should be treated.
Twenty-eight Russian journalists have been murdered since Putin became president in 2000; most cases remain unsolved.
The Kremlin has seized control of all national TV stations, and independent journals have mostly been forced to close by intimidation of journalists, advertisers or paper suppliers. Many journalists have been threatened or beaten. Russia is number 180 out of 199 countries in Freedom House's ranking for press freedom.
And even small, remaining independent news outlets, mostly online, know it is too dangerous to criticize Putin or their inner circle.
Then there is Trump's uncritical embrace of President Duterte of the Philippines, who openly threatens journalists with murder (and sends vigilantes to kill thousands of drug-dealer suspects). According to the National Review last year, when reporters brought up the subject of human-rights abuses to Duterte, who was sitting with Trump at the time, the Filipino leader called the journalists “spies.” Trump laughed.
Never mind that Duterte has argued that “corrupt” journalists deserved to be killed and threatened: “Just because you're a journalist, you are not exempted from assassination, if you're a son of a bitch,” they famously said.
We also mustn't forget Trump's stage appearance next to Polish President Duda a year ago. While delivering a speech on “Western values” in Warsaw, Trump pledged to team up with Duda to fight “fake news.” Never mind that Duda has been curbing press (and judiciary freedoms) in their own country. Or that the Polish leader used Trump's accolades to denounce the media critics who report on their regime's growing repression.
“I would never kill them (journalists) but I do hate them,” candidate Trump told a 2015 rally, as they defended Putin from allegations of murder. But, they continued, Putin “says they didn't (kill journalists). Other people say they didn't. Tell me, who did they kill?”
In defending Putin, in accepting Putin's denials, in enabling Duterte and Duda, in denouncing critics as “fake news,” Trump is joining the club of despots and wannabes that see criticism from the press as an annoyance to be denounced, and, if possible, eliminated.
This is new to America in my lifetime. Richard Nixon hated the press, but they didn't denounce journalists in public, nor did they have social media to amplify their message.
Related Articles Trudy Rubin: The nauseating flattery Trump lavished on this mass murderer
Rubin: President Trump got played by Kim Jong-un
Rubin: Why Trump was in suck-up mode with autocrats before G-7 After the Capital Gazette, Trump's press bashing must be called out for what it is: an encouragement to the deranged to rid their idol of their troublesome critics.
Trudy Rubin is a Philadelphia Inquirer columnist. © 2018, Chicago Tribune. Distributed by Tribune Content Agency.
Giancarlo Stanton said they had the Yankees “on top of their list” that they gave to the Marlins.
That became reality on Monday when the deal sending them to The Bronx became official. They explained why the Yankees were one of their desired destinations at their introductory press conference at the Winter Meetings in Lake Buena Vista, Fla.
“Watching them from afar, their young, dynamic group and the way they flow together,” Stanton said. “The atmosphere, storied franchise. There's not much reason why I wouldn't want to be there.”
Stanton and Aaron Judge both play right field, and new manager Aaron Boone will have to come up with an outfield rotation that right now also would include Brett Gardner and Aaron Hicks, with Clint Frazier on the outskirts. Stanton said they and the team have not discussed what the plan will be, but they are open to whatever would help the team.
Stanton said they did speak with Judge over the weekend after it became clear Stanton to the Yankees was happening.
“We respect each other's game and had fun at the Home Run Derby,” Stanton said. “We spoke a couple of days ago, excited to work together, learn from each other and make each other better.”
Boone and Judge could hit back to back in the lineup.
“I feel sorry for the baseballs, too,” Judge said on the YES Network. “It'll be a good dynamic. We are going to be tough, it's going to be hard to get through us all. They are going to have their work cut out for them.”
The Yankees are hoping the reigning National League MVP could be the key piece that turns them from a playoff team to a World Series champion.
“The team, the dynamic,” Stanton said. “They strike from everywhere. they are well-balanced, hungry. They got close enough this year, but hopefully with my addition we will be a better team. We are going to perform. I want to make this team better.”
Feds eye rabbi who tried to sell synagogue for $13 million A Queens rabbi who is being sued by the congregants of a Lower East Side synagogue for trying to sell their $13 million building out from under them and allegedly...
Furious worshipers fight 'offensive' sale of synagogue This deal is not kosher! Worshipers at a Lower East Side synagogue are furious that their building, at 25 Bialystoker Place, has been sold without their knowledge or permission and...
SHARON, Pa. (WYTV) – Law enforcement in Mercer County has started carrying naloxone — the opioid overdose reversal drug. Hermitage police finished training on how to use the antidote last week and in Sharon this week, officers started carrying it on Monday.
“Police are already out patrolling. We're a lot closer to the residents where they are. Even if it's 30 seconds, those 30 seconds could make the difference,” said Sharon Patrolman Geoff Ballard.
The department is responding to more overdoses every day.
“Our guys are experiencing them almost daily, if not every other day, that we're getting a drug overdose,” Chief Gerald Smith said.
Each officer is now equipped with and trained to use naloxone. Police are protected by an extension of the Good Samaritan law, which gives officers permission to administer the drug to someone who needs it.
They're starting out with 72 kits in stock, all donated and prescribed by a local doctor.
“We do have a grant in place to get us at least through next year and I understand that the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is also working on state funding to keep the program going,” Smith said.
The Good Samaritan law in Pennsylvania is different than an act by the same name in Ohio. In Ohio, people who overdose are given the option of going into recovery instead of being arrested.
Chief Smith said in Pennsylvania, people who overdose cannot be arrested unless officers find drug paraphernalia.
Residents raised some concern, questioning if a person who overdoses doesn't get in trouble, what's stopping them from doing it again?
“Of course, save them and help them rehabilitate themselves, but we should start to pay attention to how many doses are getting administered to the same struggling people,” Alaine Jewel said.
Smith said currently, there's no way to stop repeat offenders or charge them, but law enforcement's primary focus is to save lives.
“The law at least needs to look at requiring them to at least go to a drug rehab or face criminal charges,” they said.
The officers will carry the kits in medical bags with other tools to help during overdose calls. They'll even keep toys on hand for traumatized children whose parents have overdosed in front of them.
The Yankees have done the tough part. They rather seamlessly replaced the irreplaceable Mariano Rivera.
Three different closers – David Robertson, Andrew Miller and Aroldis Chapman – have excelled in succeeding the greatest closer of them all. In fact, the presence of Dellin Betances has provided the Yankees an elite 1-2 end game in all of these seasons since 2014.
And in those years, the Yankees usually could stretch to a third reliable guy, whether it be Adam Warren or Justin Wilson or, as was the case for half a season in 2016, the full devastating trio of Betances, Miller and Chapman.
What the Yankees have been unable to successfully fill is the rest of the bullpen. They have run through a collection of relievers who have failed to seize a role – such as Johnny Barbato, David Carpenter, Matt Daley, Nick Goody, Chris Martin, Branden Pinder, Nick Rumbelow, Anthony Swarzak and Kirby Yates.
The ineffectiveness of the relief chorus motivated Joe Girardi to place such a heavy workload on Betances from 2014-16 – there just was not much trust that the back end of the pen could hold leads or keep the Yankees close when they trailed by a run or two.
But one significant reason for the Yankees' early success this season is how well the whole bullpen has pitched.
“I really like the makeup of what we have,” said Warren, who has faced 20 batters and retired all of them. “Obviously, the back end [Betances and Chapman] is stellar. But I feel like we have other pieces that can give multiple innings and multiple looks.”
Warren called it the deepest bullpen with which they have been associated. Tyler Clippard concurred, saying: “It runs deeper than that. We have guys in Triple-A who can be in the big leagues now.” Chasen Shreve, who didn't allow a run in three Yankees outings, is back at Scranton/Wilkes-Barre along with Ben Heller, who impressed in spring training, plus veteran Ernesto Frieri.
The value of a deep bullpen resounds right now. In recent years, the emergence of power arm after power arm suffocated offenses late in games. But the cycle might be turning. MLB Network Radio posted a chart showing that bullpen ERAs this April were 4.10, compared with 3.76 in the first month last year and 3.54 in 2015.
The Yankees relief crew has a 1.23 ERA, which ranks second in the majors to the Dodgers, as does their .170 batting average against and 0.90 WHIP. At a time when walks and homers have infested the game, the Yankees pen has kept the ball in the strike zone (2.5 walks per nine innings) and the ball in the park (two homers in 12 games).
The Phillies pen already has yielded 12 homers and the Nationals 10. The Royals, their relief group having wilted from its championship peak two years ago, were averaging 7.6 walks per nine innings. Expected contenders who have stumbled early, such as the Blue Jays, Cardinals, Mariners and Rangers, can cite woeful penmanship as a root cause.
The Yankees' bullpen success this year actually ties back to the period last season when they traded Chapman and Miller. Wanting their team to continue to try to contend, Hal Steinbrenner insisted Warren be included in the Chapman deal and pushed for the acquisition of Clippard – who, along with Luis Severino, helped the Yankees pen stay strong down the stretch last year.
Clippard, though, has appeared in 416 games since the start of 2010 – 20 more than any other pitcher. Their stuff might be faltering a drop. Conversely, Warren's stuff – not as sharp last year – has been terrific. They and Bryan Mitchell, both of whom competed for the rotation during the spring, give the Yankees a pair of multi-inning options.
Tommy Layne, the lone lefty setup man, actually has done better against righties early this season, but has a track record of handling lefties well. Jonathan Holder won a job with a strong spring, and their curve/cutter mix has looked strong.
Obviously, there is a long way to go, and the Yankees need this phase to continue to shine because their rotation is filled with red flags. Also because they do not want to continue to overburden Betances, especially since the righty was part of a contentious arbitration process with the Yankees and could fight back against requests to push their boundaries again.
The best outcome for the Yankees is to extend what occurred through a dozen games – Girardi spreading the responsibility and receiving strong work throughout their pen.
Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie couldn't make it more plain that he's thoroughly in the pocket of the teachers unions: On Tuesday, they will join United Federation of Teachers chief Michael Mulgrew at UFT headquarters to discuss the coming legislative session.
Typically, the Assembly speaker addresses teachers in Albany at the union's annual “lobby day” after the session opens. But apparently that's no longer enough: Mulgrew wants a special appearance on their own turf.
Heastie is expected to also discuss the state economy and budget priorities, including (of course) education spending.
The justification for the briefing seems to be President Trump, who with the GOP Congress threatens budget cuts and tax-law changes that could crimp the gravy train for New York politicians and special interests.
It's “the Resistance” — or at least the local powers that be — getting organized.
Heastie has already noted that local progressives' dream of a new state “millionaires tax” will be off the table if the Republican tax bill becomes law, though they still have hopes for a “mansion tax” on higher-end residences.
Yet the bottom line here is that Heastie, who was willing to disagree with the UFT back when they were just another Assembly member, will now toe the union line as speaker.
To be fair, they likely promised as much to win the union's backing to take over the Assembly leadership — and no matter that some Assembly Democrats oppose the UFT's efforts to, for example, kill the charter schools that are working miracles in high-poverty, minority neighborhoods.
Bottom line: If Democrats take control of the state Senate, the UFT and other public-employee unions will be calling the shots on the Legislature's entire agenda.
LDprod/Shutterstock
You probably take many steps to protect your computer from getting a virus, but what about your cell phone? Cell phones are basically mini-computers, so, believe it or not, they too can get viruses. While cell phone viruses are not nearly as common, you should still be protecting your phone the same way you do your computer. (Make sure you always avoid these online scams.)
“Viruses and malware should not be a major concern to the average consumer who uses their device to make phones calls, take pictures, and download a few well known apps from the major app marketplaces,” Tim Katsch Vice President of iDropped said. “If a user is downloading a lot of apps, changing and exploring settings within the device, and visiting a large number of websites from unknown sources, virus and malware protection should be kept on their mind and something to consider obtaining protection or implementing preventative measure for.”
Android phones are more susceptible to getting a virus, but iPhones can get them too if you “jailbreak” them (which is not recommended). If your phone gets a virus it can mess up your data, put random charges on your bill, and get private information such as your bank account number, credit card information, passwords, and your location.
The most common way that you could get a virus on your phone would be through downloading an infected app. Malicious software is many times disguised as an innocent-looking app or a free version of an app that typically costs money. Always download your apps through the service your phone provides; for iPhones it's the Apple App Store and for Androids it's the Google Play Store. Never download apps from third party websites and always read the reviews of the app to make sure it is legitimate. Also try these other tips to keep your cell phone secure.
Viruses can also get on your phone when you click on strange links or open up an email that contains a virus. Avoid clicking on links in texts or emails you get, even if they seem like they're from a legitimate business. And don't open emails that come from a weird looking address or name. Connecting to an unsecured wireless network in a public place is also a way for hackers to get private information from your device.
If you're still paranoid that your phone might get a virus, there are anti-virus apps that you can download that will constantly scan your phone to make sure it hasn't developed a virus. Katsch recommends Norton Security and Antivirus, McAfee Mobile Security, and Kaspersky Antivirus and Security. Apps like these will also check things before you download them to ensure that they are safe. Another tip is to always look over your cell phone bill every month to make sure there aren't charges from apps that you never downloaded. These are ways you can use fewer data and lower your cell phone bill.
Technology is getting smarter, but so are hackers, and it's important to always be cautious with anything you do on your phone. So many people store a lot of personal information on their phones, and while that might make life a little more convenient, it can also do a lot of damage if hacked.
It's fourth down with under a minute to play in the 2014 NFC Championship. The San Francisco 49ers are knocking at the door of the Seattle Seahawks' end zone, and they have one last chance to erase a 23-17 Seahawks lead. Colin Kaepernick drops back and unfurls a looping pass to the corner of the endzone. But before the ball can land in the hands of intended receiver Michael Crabtree, Richard Sherman breaks up the pass and tips it into the hands of a teammate. “The Tip,” as it came to be known in the archives of Seattle sports history, arrived at the zenith of a long-escalating rivalry and mutual disdain between the two NFC West foes. Impassioned and with a microphone stuck into their face after having executed the most important play of their career, Sherman spouted an angry sound bite that any Seattle sports fan can recognize: “Well I'm the best corner in the game. When you try me with a sorry receiver like Crabtree, that's the result you're going to get. Don't you ever talk about me.”
Next season, Sherman will don the jersey of the 49ers — the very team whose Super Bowl hopes they dashed fewer than four years ago. And that's a good thing.
It's good because they are making more money than the Seahawks were likely willing to give him, and it's good because loyalty does not and should not matter in a profit-motivated and success-driven league where players are becoming increasingly expendable.
Sherman's decision to sign with their former team's most hated rival was met with disappointment and anger from many Seahawks fans. Such is often the case when free agency gives players the ability to choose with which team to sign. It is a time when the conflicting motivations of fans and athletes clash, and when fans are made acutely aware of their delusion — that the connection they feel with a team is also felt by those who play for it. During this period, accusations of disloyalty and betrayal are leveled at athletes who switch teams in order to earn more.
And just a few days into NFL free agency, situations similar to Sherman's are occurring around the league.
The three main actors in sports — fans, players and management — are all driven by different motivations. To fans, loyalty is paramount; they are often supporters for life, and there is little more axiomatic than their fandom. Management is motivated by winning games and making money. The decision-makers of the most respected organizations in the league often disregard loyalty in the strategic interest of the team. Bill Belichick and Pete Carroll, for example, seem to have no problem trading or cutting superstars if they think it will make their team better. These decisions are often motivated by a “next man up” mentality, which depersonalizes athletes and makes their efforts expendable.
But athletes are driven by an entirely different motivation. Sure, many NFL players are motivated by the glory of winning a Super Bowl, but their primary motivation will almost always be money.
The greatest imbalance between the motives of these three groups is that fans and managers are primarily concerned with the success of the team, while athletes are concerned with their financial well-being, as they know that their athletic abilities are ephemeral. The foundation of an athlete's livelihood is a fleeting period of supreme physical condition — one that can be taken away by a damaging hit to their head or a turn of their knee. This profitable period needs to be seized, especially in football, where the average player's career lasts only 3.3 years. In addition, the restrictive policies of the NCAA add to the situation as the culmination of an athlete's life-long effort can only be monetized as a professional for a brief period of time. Compensation for 3.3 years of work is certainly not enough to sustain a lifetime.
So what are athletes to prioritize? Are they to buy into the fans' notions of loyalty and remain with a team that pays them less? Or are they to lobby for themselves and take advantage of the maximum wage they can earn for their work?
To me, the choice is clear. It stands to reason that if a coach or general manager is not going to be loyal to a player, a player should not be loyal to them – no matter what the fans say. In a system that is built on the commodification and expendability of an athlete in order to benefit the well-being of the team as a whole, where management will not blink an eye before releasing a still-productive player rather than continuing to pay him, athletes have no choice but to advocate for themselves and make the most money they can.
Cal Barash-David '19 can be reached at callan_barash-david@brown.edu. Please send responses to this opinion to letters@browndailyherald.com and op-eds to opinions@browndailyherald.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TV viewers got a glimpse inside former royal butler Paul Burrell's Cheshire mansion when they appeared on ITV1's Through the Keyhole.
Mr Burrell, who owns a florist's shop in Farndon, appeared as a guest on the programme presented by Keith Lemon.
Panellists Rochelle Humes, Fay Ripley and Steve Jones were shown footage of Mr Burrell's amazing Cheshire home but kept in the dark as to their identity although there were lots of clues to help them to include references to their ‘green fingers'.
Mr Burrell, whose face was hidden to them, looked offended when Steve Jones described their home as looking as though it belonged to a ‘little old woman', who was ‘a bit on the rotund size' and with ‘junk everywhere'.
But it didn't take long for the panellists to work it out.
Steve Jones asked: “Is it Lady Diana's faithful man servant Paul Burrell?”
Mr Burrell told the audience: “I was a lucky guy who got to look after two of the most incredible, unique, inspirational women of our rimes – The Queen and Princess Diana and I'm proud of that.”
Judging by their house, Cold Feet star Fay Ripley remarked that they didn't think butlers earned that much money.
Mr Burrell responded that they didn't but explained that their book about their life with Diana had sold 2m copies, adding: “If you get a quid for every book you sell.”
And the former royal butler astounded viewers by claiming the Queen eats bananas with a knife and fork.
The 58-year-old, who separated from their wife Maria last year, revealed how HRH Elizabeth II uses cutlery to slice of each end of the fruit before peeling and eating it.
“To eat a banana properly in society or at a dinner party…this is how the Queen does it,” said Burrell, who hit the headlines in 2003 when they published a tell-all book about life in the royal household.
“You split open the belly – some people eat it like a monkey, of course – then you cut it up into small bite size pieces and then you eat it, with your knife and fork.”
At which point the panel struggled to hide their disbelief.
“That's absurd! I don't believe it!” said 39-year-old TV presenter Steve Jones.
Mr Burrell then enjoyed a fun waltz with Keith Lemon as they serenaded them with Tale As Old As Time from Beauty and the Beast. Finally, they had to reach their hand inside a specially constructed cob-web ridden hole to retrieve theirs Through the Keyhole keyring in a scene reminiscent of when they were a contestant on I'm a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here.
Giselle Oliveira completed 200 hours of community service and paid $20,000 in restitution as part of a plea deal.
All season long, we camped, backpacked, paddle boarded, and hiked our way through the Pacific Northwest to find the best new outdoor gear for the first annual Digital Trends Outdoor Awards. After pushing each contender to the limit, we crowned our favorite products for Cooking, Sleeping, Trekking, Recreation, Unwinding, and a special award for Innovation. And we're giving away one of every winning product, so enter our contest!
Hiking and camping are fun, but sometimes a day outside requires a bit of an adrenaline boost, be it running, biking, rafting, or surfing. And more than any other category in our Outdoor Awards, the recreation space has been turned on its head by tech: With fat tires and funky designs, modern bikes look little likes those from just a decade or two ago, and the entire sport of stand-up paddleboarding still has some folks scratching their heads.
As the Digital Trends Outdoor Awards marched forth these past few months, we tried our hand at a bevy of summer pastimes intended for anyone ranging from casual outdoorsy types to seasoned veterans. We hopped on huge mountain bikes from REI's Co-op Cycles, hybrid trail bikes from Diamondback, and even tried our hand at an inflatable stand-up paddle board from the leaders in the space, Red Paddle.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Winner
Red Paddle 10'6″ inflatable SUP
If you don't yet understand the appeal of stand-up paddle boarding, hop aboard Red Paddle's 10-foot, six-inch Ride. This is a sport that's accessible to anyone, and the best stand-up paddleboards make it even easier. Not only was it simple to pump up, but transporting the board between uses was an utter breeze thanks to how easily it rolled up and stowed in a companion bag — which also contains the board's pump and paddle, as well as a handy repair kit should the board's material rip at all.
The Tech: How do they make inflatable SUPs so rigid? A board's top and bottom are connected by thousands of tiny internal threads that make up what's called a dropstitch core. As you pump in air, the threads prevent the sides from moving apart, creating a sturdy platform. Red Paddle Co. takes this process even further with its new Monocoque Structural Laminate, or MSL fusion technology. This industrial process fuses another layer of polymer to the dropstitch core, which means less glue used and a smaller margin of error than from hand-gluing. The new laminate process also produces greater stiffness when the board is riding at lower pressures and higher durability.
Once pumped to the proper PSI — which only takes a matter of minutes — the Ride is ready to float. We preferred using it on calm lakes; thanks to that MSL fusion composite and exterior coating, it remained incredibly stable once we actually jumped on. The Ride's built-in fins also provided enough stability and control throughout our sessions.
Though a mere pump may not seem very exciting, Red Paddle's Dual Cylinder Titan pump system isn't just a simple pump. With its easy-to-use handle, it took no more than five minutes to inflate the board to its intended pressure and helped conserve energy along the way — what good would it do if you were too tired to ride?
From the moment we unzipped the board from its bag to when we (begrudgingly) rolled it back up at the end of the day, Red Paddle's Ride paddle board consistently provided us with an extremely enjoyable experience. We've harped on accessibility and this board has it in spades. Price, ease of use, low learning curve, you name it — this board is our new favorite way to spend a day on the lake.
Runners-up
REI's Co-Op Cycles DRT 2.1 Bike is the perfect entry-level mountain bike for those looking to break into the sport. Featuring a lightweight air-sprung suspension fork, massive 2.8-inch tires on 27.5-inch wheels, and a Shimano SLX drivetrain, the fact it costs roughly $1,600 is a small miracle. It's intended for singletrack downhill courses, and that's exactly where the bike shines, with commanding grip from those beefy tires and a cushy ride.
SCHOOLS are closed and public transport services have been cancelled as the weather continues to cause disruption across Wrexham.
Temperatures fell to almost -2 degrees overnight and the Met Office has warned that there could be ongoing disruption caused by accumulations of snow, as well as ice.
According to Wrexham Council, the 49 schools not opening in Wrexham today include:
St Peter's Voluntary Controlled (Rossett), Holt CP, Black Lane CP (Pentre Broughton), Ysgol Yr Hafod (Johnstown), Ysgol Plas Coch CP (Wrecsam), Ysgol Bro Alun (Gwersyllt), Madras Voluntary Aided (Penley), Ysgol Rhiwabon High School (Ruabon), Eyton Voluntary Controlled, St Mary's Catholic Primary (Wrexham), Dodds Lane Support Centre (Gwersyllt), Haulfan (Wrexham), Gwersyllt Community Primary School, St Anne's Catholic Primary (Wrexham), Wrexham Early Years Centre, Minera Voluntary Aided School, Penycae Community Primary, Brynteg CP, Ysgol Deiniol CP (Marchwiel), Barker's Lane CP (Wrexham), Ysgol Rhostyllen, Penygelli CP School (Coedpoeth), St Giles VC Church in Wales Primary (Wrexham), Ysgol y Grango (Rhos), Ysgol Cefn Mawr CP (Cefn Mawr), St Josephs Catholic and Anglican High School (Wrexham) and St Mary's Aided (Brymbo).
Other closed schools include Ysgol y Waun (Chirk), St Mary's Voluntary Aided (Overton on Dee), Rhosymedre Community Primary School, Ysgol Bryn Alyn (Gwersyllt), Rhosddu Primary School (Wrexham), Borderbrook School, St Paul's Voluntary Aided Primary School (Isycoed), Ysgol Min y Ddol CP (Cefn Mawr), Gwenfro Community Primary School (Wrexham), Ysgol Maes y Llan CP (Ruabon), Ysgol Bryn Tabor (Coedpoeth), Bronington Voluntary Aided, Hafod y Wern Community Primary School (Wrexham), Ysgol Heulfan (Gwersyllt), Maelor School (Penley), Llanarmon Dyffryn Ceiriog CP, Ysgol Cynddelw CP (Glynceiriog), Pontfadog CP, Ysgol Sant Dunawd CP (Bangor on Dee), Alexandra CP School (Wrexham), St Mary's Church in Wales (Ruabon) and Ysgol Penrhyn, New Broughton CP.
None of the above schools have yet been listed for re-opening tomorrow on Wrexham Council's website.
Arriva Buses Wales tweeted earlier this morning that the only service running today was the 6am journey from Wrexham to Chester, with all other services from the town currently cancelled.
North Wales Police has also warned motorists to be cautious today, with a tweet earlier this morning stating: “Please take care out on the roads today - freezing temperatures across the region overnight so black ice is expected. Allow more time to travel and stay safe.”
Image copyright Getty Images
Are there benefits to breastfeeding children up until the age they start school?
A mum who breastfeeds their five-year-old daughter and two-year-old son, sometimes at the same time, says it's good for their health because their children are rarely ill.
Emma Shardlow Hudson, 29, said they are positive it's "because of the antibodies in the milk".
Advice in the UK is that women can breastfeed for as long as they and their child want to.
The NHS does not specify a time when women should stop giving their child breast milk.
Breast milk is recommended exclusively (with no other food or drink) for the first six months of a child's life and then alongside other solid food from six months onwards for health reasons.
Breast is best
Experts agree that there are positive health benefits for both the child and the mother.
Breastfeeding is known to provide protection against infections, diarrhoea and vomiting in babies and it is thought to reduce the risk of obesity and other diseases in later life.
For mum, breastfeeding lowers the risk of breast and ovarian cancer.
But for how long?
At present, there isn't enough UK evidence to recommend how long breastfeeding should last so the advice, in general, is open-ended.
"Breastfeeding into your baby's second year or beyond alongside other foods is ideal," says the NHS website.
It adds: "You and your baby can carry on enjoying the benefits of breastfeeding for as long as you like."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Breast milk can be combined with solids from six months onwards
The World Health Organization agrees that breastfeeding should continue "up to two years of age or beyond".
But Dr Max Davie, from the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, is prepared to put a limit on it.
"By the age of two, a child should get all the nutrients required through their diet so there is no additional benefit to breastfeeding over this age."
'Does no harm'
However, there are lots of factors involved in any woman's decision to carry on, cut back or stop breastfeeding.
They include going back to work, support from family and friends, and feeling comfortable and confident breastfeeding.
There is also the emotional attachment it can promote between mother and child.
"Breastfeeding is a very personal thing," says Dr Davie.
"It can enhance the mother/child bond and it certainly doesn't do them any harm, so families should do what they feel works best for them."
Image copyright Getty Images
The reality is that around 80% of women in the UK start breastfeeding, but much give up in the first few weeks following the birth of their baby.
By six months of age, only a third of babies are getting some breast milk and this drops to 0.5% by the time they are 12 months old.
According to an international study published in early 2016, the UK has one of the lowest breastfeeding rates in the world.
Child health experts say women can experience problems getting breastfeeding started and they may not always receive enough practical advice and support.
Attitudes to breastfeeding can also lead to women feeling embarrassed and uncomfortable about feeding in public and put them off continuing.
Some women cannot breastfeed or choose not to, and this decision should be respected too, experts say.
A man and two girls wait to have their photo taken in Pyongyang.
Peace on the Korean peninsula would offer far bigger economic benefits to impoverished, isolated North Korea than to the already developed South.
Expectations are rising for an end to decades of hostilities ahead of Friday's summit meeting between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and their counterpart, Kim Jong-un. A deal would open the door for Moon's plan to develop "three economic belts" connecting the two Koreas, and for business and investment opportunities for South Korean companies.
But with an economy only a fraction of the size of South Korea's, North Korea stands to be the big winner, while the economic benefits for the South would be limited.
Worlds Apart: The Two Koreas After Seven Decades of Separation
“The peace dividend would have immediate and immense benefits for North Korea, rather than South Korea, and that is why Kim Jong-un is pushing this,” said Thomas Byrne, president of the Korea Society in New York and formerly a senior vice president at Moody's Investors Service.
Despite signs of a thaw, huge hurdles remain to a formal peace treaty and the economic opening of North Korea. Moon said last week that while the summit should lead the way, implementing any deal with Kim that included denuclearization would be challenging. U.S. President Donald Trump, who may meet Kim in the weeks after the summit, will also have something to say about the future of the peninsula.
Nonetheless, analysts at Meritz Securities in Seoul say it's time to “imagine unification” and focus on opportunities within North Korea. If the communist regime eventually opens up, it can yield investment booms in transportation, infrastructure, and power facilities, the analysts wrote in an April report. Unification would also provide a stable supply of mineral resources from the North, they said.
The Man Who Brought Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un to the Table
Shares in some South Korean companies have soared in recent weeks due to expectations that a peace deal will bring such opportunities. Yet Zang Hyoungsoo, an economics professor at Hanyang University in Seoul, warns that it is naïve to expect them all to simply be handed to the South.
“If North Korea is acknowledged as a normal state and has diplomatic relations, South Korean firms would be competing with China and others to grab the opportunity to develop infrastructure,” Zang said. “As long as a national border remains, there will be clear limits to what the South can do with the North's economy."
Assessing Risks
One benefit for South Korea would be the lifting of the cloud over its sovereign credit rating. Ratings companies have long said geopolitical risks are negative factors for the country. Moody's Investors Service is waiting for “tangible proof” that the current detente is enduring, Senior Credit Officer Christian de Guzman said in an email.
One reason for skepticism about any lasting benefits, particularly for the South, is that a peace treaty is no guarantee that Pyongyang will refrain from rattling nerves and financial markets.
Such a "piece of paper" probably wouldn't have stopped previous provocations, including an attack on the Cheonan warship in 2010 that killed almost 50 South Korean sailors, said William Brown, a professor at Georgetown University and a former U.S. intelligence officer.
“I would anticipate some very tough sledding before North Korea is truly ready to reform itself to the point that Seoul can profitably engage with it,” Brown said. “And this tough sledding might very well include even tougher sanctions, rhetoric, and military posturing that would raise, not lower risks.”
— With assistance by Yue Qiu
Image copyright Getty Images
A senior Conservative MP has accused ministers of being "vague" and "divided" over Brexit.
Writing in the Sunday Telegraph, arch Brexiteer Bernard Jenkin singled out the chancellor for criticism, urging them to back the PM to deliver a "clean" EU exit.
They insisted Theresa May should stick to their present policy despite the Treasury having its own "house view".
It comes ahead of key ministerial meetings on the UK-EU relationship.
In the paper, Mr Jenkin, a leading figure in the Vote Leave campaign, said internal clashes were making life more difficult for Mrs May.
"If ministers are vague or divided, life for officials becomes impossible, as we can see now. Ministerial collective responsibility really matters," they said.
They added: "If the prime minister sticks to one policy and the chancellor keeps advocating another, what are officials meant to do?"
BBC political correspondent Eleanor Garnier described Mr Jenkin's comments as "stark criticism" of Philip Hammond.
Earlier this month, Mr Hammond suggested the UK's relationship with the EU would change only "very modestly" after Brexit.
Image copyright UK Parliament Image caption Mr Jenkin was a leading figure in the Vote Leave campaign
But Mr Jenkin urged the prime minister to stick to their position and ensure, among other things, Britain leaves the single market and customs union.
They wrote: "She can only command a majority in Parliament on their present policy.
"Her MPs will back her, because we are overwhelmingly at one with the majority of the British people who now want a clean Brexit and an end to the present uncertainty."
Mr Jenkin was also referring to Treasury officials coming under fire from Tory Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg, who claimed they were "fiddling the figures" on Brexit.
Mr Jenkin defended all officials by saying "unambiguous and united direction" is needed from ministers and that accountability lies with the ministers, not the officials.
FILE - In this Sept. 21, 2016 file photo, unit one of the V.C. Summer Nuclear Station near Jenkinsville, S.C., is viewed during a media tour of the facility. Proponents of nuclear power are pushing to revive a failed project to build two reactors in South Carolina, arguing that the demise of the $14 billion venture could signal doom for an industry that supplies one-fifth of the nation's electricity. The July 31 suspension of the partly-completed V.C. Summer project near Columbia, S.C., leaves two nuclear reactors under construction in Georgia as the only ones being built in the U.S. Chuck Burton, File AP Photo
SAN JOSE — Paul Martin and Sharks teammates Joel Ward and Melker Karlsson were not supposed to be tied for the team lead in goals at this point. The same can be said for Zack Kassian and the Edmonton Oilers.
But Norris Trophy favorite Brent Burns has no points in three games. Joe Pavelski has one assist. Both points for Connor McDavid, the Hart Trophy favorite, have come on special teams.
The Sharks and Oilers have done an admirable job of clamping down on the other team's top players in the initial stages of their series, which has fewer goals per game than any other first-round matchup.
But with the Oilers having a 2-1 series lead, the Sharks clearly need to find a way to get their top offensive stars going in Game 4, or risk having Tuesday's game be their last at SAP Center this season. Game 5 of the best-of-seven series is Thursday in Edmonton.
“There's not a lot of space out there, both ways,” Pavelski said. “It's just about getting inside, winning a one-on-one battle. And when we get our chances, you've got to stick it in the net.
“That was probably the difference (Sunday) night and it probably will be going forward.”
That's what happened in Game 3, as Kassian stepped in front of David Schlemko's pass deep in the Sharks' zone and beat goalie Martin Jones between the pads for their second straight game-winning goal.
Before that, the Sharks' offensive struggles were on full display. They created a handful of chances in the first period but managed only 10 shots on goal in the second and third periods. The power play continued to fizzle.
Burns, Pavelski and Patrick Marleau, who combined for 85 goals in the regular season, have zero in three games against the Oilers.
While McDavid, Patrick Maroon and Leon Draisaitl are also struggling to consistently produce offense, Edmonton has been getting timely contributions from players such as Kassian to pull out close wins.
“I'm sure (McDavid's) a primary focus, Pavelski, Burns … those guys are a focal point for offensive production,” Oilers coach Todd McLellan said Monday.
“When there's not that many goals scored and it's tight checking, the numbers aren't going to be what they normally are and everybody's going to go, ‘Oh they're not producing.' That's not the case. It's two teams playing tight defensively.”
While open ice and quality chances are harder to come by in the playoffs, the Sharks know their top-end talent can come through in the postseason.
Pavelski had three goals and an assist in the first three games of their first-round series against the Los Angeles Kings in 2016. Burns had a goal and two assists. Four other players had two points.
“As someone who expects to score, you don't want to give too much credit to (the Oilers),” Pavelski said. “There's always a way you can be a little better. A little execution at times. A little (more) desperate. When you get your look, you've got to make it count.”
Pavelski has one goal in their last 14 games since March 16 in the regular season. Burns has two in their last 26 games. Marleau, who played center for the first two games of the series, has one in their past 10.
“You've just to work for those bounces, stay positive,” Burns said, “and pray to the hockey gods, I guess.”
If those three aren't producing, it's incumbent on others to make a difference. So far this series, it's been a grind.
“This time of year you have to be prepared and you have to be comfortable playing in 1-0, 2-1 games,” Sharks coach Pete DeBoer said. “The teams that win and the teams that go on runs, are.”
It hasn't helped that the Sharks have fallen behind in all three games, continuing a problem that cropped up in mid-March. The only time the Sharks held a lead in the series was when Karlsson scored in overtime for the Sharks in their 3-2 win in Game 1.
Pavelski gave credit to Oilers goalie Cam Talbot, who has a .964 save percentage through three games. But Pavelski also said the Sharks could do more to disrupt Talbot's timing.
“He gives that team a little confidence, but we haven't tested them enough,” Pavelski said of Talbot. “I think he's a goalie that we can get to if we can get an extra look or two, and get one early.
“I don't know why we can't get to him. We've got to score first in one of these games, too. It's much easier playing with the lead.”
Trader, 26, in court for alleged assault on neighbour
A 26-year-old trader, Hauwa Judge, who allegedly assaulted their neighbour by pouring hot water on their chest was on Tuesday brought before an Ikeja Chief Magistrates' Court.
Hauwa, who resides at No. 17, Idowu Rafiu St., Iboru, Iyana-ipaja, a Lagos suburb, is facing a charge of assault.
The Prosecutor, Insp. Mathew Akhaluode, told the court that the accused committed the offence on April 14 at about 7.30 a.m. at their residence.
They alleged that the accused unlawfully inflicted injuries on the complainant, Doris Kelly, a nursing mother, when they poured a bucket of hot water on their chest during an argument.
“The argument started when the accused said the complainant poured urine at the entrance of their house.
“They started exchanging words before the complainant knew it; the accused poured a bucket of hot water on them
“She was immediately rushed to the nearest hospital where they are still receiving treatment,'' they said.
Read Also: Man in court for intimidating wife
The offence contravened Section 173 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015 ( Revised ). The newsmen report that the section prescribes a three- year imprisonment for offenders.
The accused, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge. In their ruling, the Chief Magistrate, Mrs A. A. Adetunji, granted the accused bail in the sum of N100, 000 with two sureties in like sum.
They said the sureties should be gainfully employed and they should show evidence of two years tax payments to the Lagos State Government. Adetunji adjourned the case until May 25, for mention.
NAN
The post Trader, 26, in court for alleged assault on neighbour appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Updated at 3:21 p.m. ET
Major stock indexes dropped sharply Friday, with the Dow Jones industrial average tumbling more than 600 points amid signs that wage growth is finally picking up.
The 2.4 percent drop in the Dow came as the Labor Department reported 200,000 jobs were added to the economy last month, which was stronger than expected, and the unemployment rate stayed at 4.1 percent — the lowest since 2000.
But worries about inflation grew when the report showed that average hourly wages grew 2.9 percent from a year ago — the largest increase since June 2009. Yields for 10-year Treasurys hit four-year highs Friday.
All this sets the stage for the Federal Reserve to continue raising interest rates, with the next hike expected in March. It sets the stage to make credit cards, car loans and mortgages more expensive.
Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust, says Friday's employment report shows the economy continues to have a lot of energy.
The higher wage growth and potentially higher inflation "might then lead the Federal Reserve to raise their interest rates more rapidly than the market is comfortable with," they told NPR's John Ydstie.
As with Harvey Weinstein, it seems plenty in Hollywood knew all about Kevin Spacey.
And even though they kept their mouths shut — ensuring nothing but more entitlement, more boldness, and likely more victims — some of those speaking up are oddly self-righteous.
“We all knew about u,” Rosie O'Donnell tweeted Monday morning. “I hope more men come forward.”
As far back as 2005, Seth MacFarlane — who made a knowing joke about Weinstein's predation while announcing Best Supporting Actress Oscar nominees in 2013 — inserted a joke speculating about Spacey's now-alleged pedophilia in their animated hit series “Family Guy.”
MacFarlane had Stewie, the baby of the family, run through a public space shouting, “Help! I've escaped from Kevin Spacey's basement! Help me!”
Unlike Weinstein, who's been destroyed by multitudes, Spacey's been taken down by just one. Shortly after Anthony Rapp accused Spacey of coming on to them when they were 14, the elder actor attempted to spin the narrative on Twitter.
“This story has encouraged me to address other things about my life,” Spacey writes. How lovely that the trauma endured by a child barely into their teens, one that remains ever-present to the now-46-year-old Rapp, has been such a positive in Spacey's life. Now, Spacey writes, they have the courage to admit the other worst-kept industry secret about himself: He's gay.
“I want to deal with this honestly and openly,” they write, “and that starts with examining my own behavior.”
Some media outlets initially bought Spacey's cynical spin — a dangerous one that conflates gay men with pedophilia. But public outrage online quickly changed those stories from feel-good liberal moment — a 58-year-old actor comes out — to damning indictment.
Still, the fact remains: Just as Hollywood knew all along that Weinstein was a sexual predator, it seems many also knew about Spacey.
Whom else does the industry know about and protect? It's hard to recall a time when the cultural landscape has shifted so dramatically. More than ever, the general public is inclined to believe self-reporting victims. More than ever, we are inclined to demand that the accused speak, that guilt be met with real consequence.
The next tipping point is one Hollywood may not see coming: Public disgust with those in power who know and do nothing, who knew and still deny knowing. Just ask Matt Damon and George Clooney, who spent all last week denying they knew about Harvey Weinstein (except when they did), only for the public to call out their blatant hypocrisy and reject their new movie “Suburbicon,” which flatlined at the box office. By week's end, both actors pulled out of their scheduled public appearances. Wonder why.
The old ways no longer work. The entertainment media, as a single organism, should refuse publicist demands to keep questions about these scandals off the table. And those who know should speak up now, before it's too late.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Harrison Ford Involved in Incident With Passenger Plane at Calif. Airport 1:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Actor Harrison Ford was involved in a potentially serious incident Monday in California as they were piloting their private plane, a single-engine Husky, NBC News has learned.
Ford, an experienced pilot who collects vintage planes, had been instructed to land on runway 20-L at John Wayne Airport in Orange County, California, but mistakenly aimed for a taxiway, instead. Their plane passed over the top of an American Airlines 737 carrying 110 passengers and a six-person crew.
Harrison Ford at the European Premiere of 'Star Wars, The Force Awakens,' in London in 2014. Dylan Martinez / Reuters - file
The passenger plane, AA flight 1546, managed to depart safely for Dallas just minutes after the incident.
Ford, 74, was heard on air traffic control recordings asking, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?"
Air traffic controllers then informed Ford that they had landed on a taxiway rather than the runway — a violation of Federal Aviation Administration safety rules.
The FAA told NBC News that controllers gave Ford the proper landing instructions and that they read them back.
The incident has prompted an FAA investigation — which could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license.
Ford has been involved in a series of crashes and near-crashes while flying aircraft.
In 2015, they crash-landed a World War II-era airplane on a Santa Monica, California, golf course after the engine failed.
Harrison Ford crash-landed a vintage airplane on a Los Angeles golf course in 2015. Lucy Nicholson / Reuters
They also crash-landed a helicopter in 1999 during a flight lesson in Ventura County, California. And in 2000, Ford's six-seater Beechcraft Bonanza scraped the runway during an emergency landing at Nebraska's Lincoln Municipal Airport.
But Ford is revered as an excellent pilot in aviation circles. They have been inducted by the Kiddie Hawk Air Academy as a Living Legend of Aviation.
A witness to Ford's 2015 Santa Monica crash told NBC News that Ford "saved several lives" by rerouting their crash landing to the Penmar Golf Course to avoid a tract of suburban homes.
NBC News asked Ford's representatives for comment but didn't immediately get a formal response.
See more on NBC's Nightly News.
The film “Blade Runner” opened to mixed reviews in 1982. Eventually it came to be considered a science fiction masterpiece, and is now included in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry. A sequel, “Blade Runner 2049,” opens in theaters this weekend.
Reporter Jon Kalish (@kalishjon) finds out how screenwriter Hampton Fancher helped craft both films.
Joanne Schnurr, CTV Ottawa
Maybe you've heard of the group 100 Men Who Care? Then there are Ladies who Lunch.
Well, add a new one to those philanthropic groups raising money for charity: it's called “100 Kids.”
While many kids are pooling their allowance money for things they want, this group is pooling money for charities in need.
11-year-old Grace Brosha is spearheading the new movement in Ottawa called “100 Kids,” something they belonged to in Halifax before moving to Ottawa a few months ago. The idea is to get children to come to a meeting four times a year with $10 in hand. Three of the children make a presentation on a charity they support. The group then votes on which charity they believe deserves their money.
“Any kids from 6 to 16 can do it,” says Grace, “and anybody who isn't afraid of speaking out for what they believe in basically.”
Grace has actively volunteered for charities throughout their young life and hopes to encourage other children to follow suit. Them mother Catherine strongly encourages it.
“It really makes kids more aware of organizations in their communities that need help and support,” they say, “and that working together is the best way to help other people.”
Grace is putting posters in businesses around town promoting the charity and getting the word out on social media through a website at www.100kidsottawa.ca or on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/100kidsottawa/
The first meeting is March 22nd at 6:30 at Ottawa city hall.
Mayor Jim Watson and Kitchissippi Councillor Jeff Leiper plan to attend to offer their support.
And Grace says what may get kids excited to come out to this meeting, besides of course helping out our community; Bridgehead Coffee is donating free cookies.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. Solid U.S. jobs data on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, did little to improve the mood in global stock markets as investor...
By ALEX VEIGA
AP Business Writer
U.S. stocks slumped Friday, and the market suffered its worst week in two years, as fears of inflation and disappointing quarterly results from technology and energy giants spooked investors. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped by more than 650 points.
Bond yields rose and contributed to the stock market swoon after the government reported that wages grew last month at the fastest pace in eight years. The Dow had its worst decline since June 2016, while the broader Standard & Poor's 500 index had its biggest one-day percentage drop since September 2016.
"We've enjoyed low interest rates for so long, we're having to deal with a little bit higher rates now, so the market is trying to figure out what that could mean for inflation," said Darrell Cronk, head of the Wells Fargo Investment Institute.
The increase in bond yields hurts stocks in two ways: it makes it more expensive for companies to borrow money, and it also makes bonds more appealing to investors than riskier assets such as stocks.
Several major companies, including Exxon Mobil and Google's parent company, Alphabet, sank after reporting weak earnings. Apple fell on concerns about iPhone sales.
The sharp decline in stocks this week short-circuited a robust start to the year that was spurred by strong global economic growth, solid company earnings and lingering enthusiasm for the GOP tax overhaul. Even with the pullback, the major indexes are still up more than 3 percent this year.
The downturn also follows a long period of unprecedented calm in the market. Stocks haven't had a pullback of 10 percent or more in two years, and hit their latest record highs just one week ago.
The S&P 500 fell 59.85 points, or 2.1 percent, to 2,762.13. The index has lost 3.9 percent since hitting a record high a week ago.
The Dow lost 665.75 points, or 2.5 percent, to 25,520.96. The Nasdaq slid 144.92 points, or 2 percent, to 7,240.95. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 32.59 points, or 2.1 percent, to 1,547.27.
While interest rates are still low by historical standards, meaning borrowing is still relatively cheap for businesses and people, they've been rising more swiftly, and that's what has markets on edge.
"The pace of rate increases is more important than the level," said Nate Thooft, senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management.
The increase in rates has been driven by the prospect of stronger economic growth, and higher inflation, in the U.S. and abroad.
Bond prices declined again Friday, pushing yields higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, a benchmark for interest rates on many kinds of loans, including mortgages, climbed to 2.84 percent, the highest level in roughly four years. The rate was at 2.41 percent four weeks ago and 2.66 percent on Monday.
"Once we started going north of 2.5 percent, and you put that together with an overbought market, it had the ingredients of a sell-off, especially since January was so strong," said Jeff Zipper, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank Private Wealth Management.
The S&P 500, which many index funds track, soared 5.6 percent in January, its biggest monthly gain since March 2016.
One concern for investors is that the Federal Reserve will respond to higher inflation by raising its key interest rate more quickly than expected. The government's latest job and wage data stoked those concerns Friday.
U.S. employers added a robust 200,000 jobs in January, slightly above market expectations for an 185,000 increase. Meanwhile wages rose sharply, suggesting employers are competing more fiercely for workers. The figures point to an economy on strong footing even in its ninth year of expansion, fueled by global economic growth and healthy consumer spending at home.
That's good news for Main Street USA, but not for Wall Street. Some economists were predicting Friday that the central bank will raise its benchmark rate four times this year, rather than the three times most previously expected.
The market slide may have been overdue, particularly after the strong start for stocks this year where the S&P 500 had its best January in two decades. Some investors saw a potential buying opportunity.
The global economy is still strong, corporate profits and sales have been better than expected this reporting season and buyers for stocks still remain, all reasons to be optimistic about stocks, said Nate Thooft, senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management.
"It's appealing, these 2 to 3 percent pullbacks," said Thooft, who had been trimming some of their stock holdings after the market's big January gains. "We look at this and say, 'Maybe it's your first day to buy a little bit.'"
While earnings overall have been strong, some big companies have posted disappointing results.
Google's parent company Alphabet slumped 5.3 percent after the search giant reported results that missed analysts' forecasts. The stock slid $62.39 to $1,119.20.
Exxon Mobil dropped 5.1 percent, while Chevron lost 5.6 percent after the oil companies' latest quarterly results fell short of forecasts. Shares in Exxon shed $4.54 to $84.53. Chevron gave up $6.99 to $118.58.
Apple declined 4.3 percent after the technology company said it sold 77.3 million iPhones in the last quarter, below the 80 million analysts expected. The stock slid $7.28 to $160.50.
Traders welcomed Amazon's latest results. The e-commerce giant rose 2.9 percent after its fourth-quarter profit increased by more than $1 billion. Amazon shares gained $39.95 to $1,429.95.
Oil futures declined. Benchmark U.S. crude slid 35 cents, or 0.5 percent, to settle at $65.45 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell $1.07, or 1.5 percent, to close at $68.58 a barrel in London.
Wholesale gasoline fell 2 cents to $1.87 a gallon and heating oil fell 4 cents to $2.05 a gallon. Natural gas slipped 1 cent to $2.85 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Gold fell $10.60 to $1,337.30 an ounce. Silver dropped 45 cents to $16.71 an ounce. Copper lost 2 cents to $3.19 a pound.
The dollar rose to 110.28 yen from 109.42 yen on Thursday. The euro weakened to $1.2451 from $1.2502.
Major stock indexes in Europe also declined Friday. Germany's DAX slid 1.7 percent, while France's CAC 40 lost 1.6 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 0.6 percent.
In Asia, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 fell 0.9 percent and South Korea's Kospi slid 1.7 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dipped 0.1 percent.
____
AP Business Writer Stan Choe in New York contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Nine schools in the Philadelphia area have been put on lockdown as police respond to unconfirmed sightings of the man who allegedly killed a Cleveland grandfather and posted a video of the shooting on Facebook.
Philadelphia cops said Monday that they'd received “multiple 911 calls” from people saying accused killer Steve Stephens, 37, might be near Belmont Plateau in West Fairmount Park, according to Philly.com.
As they searched the area, eight elementary schools and one high school were put on lockdown.
“So far there is no indication that the subject is in the plateau,” police said.
Emma and Kate are ravishing, while Rita just looks ridiculous The color purple — a good movie, a great book and, currently, the go-to hue in Hollywood. The best-dressed this week wore summer baroque, and kept all purple to clothing....
Ooo la la -- check out the 14 most stylish French stars Ever since the peacock King Louis XIV made fashion a tool of political prowess, the French have regarded style as a point of national pride. So there's no better time...
Some schools are excluding pupils from their overall exam results in order to improve their place "in media-published league tables".
That is one of the key findings of a report by the Education and Training Inspectorate (ETI).
It also said that the number of pupils ruled ineligible to be included in reported exam results was "too high."
Pupils can be ruled ineligible to be included in a school's public GCSE and A-Level results for several reasons.
These include illness, welfare issues or because they have been withdrawn from their school.
In 2015-16, about 2,900 pupils in Northern Ireland were judged by schools to be ineligible to be included in their public results data.
This included 1,635 year 12 pupils at GCSE and 1,265 year 14 pupils at A-Level.
That represented 7% of year 12 pupils and 8.8% of year 14 pupils.
In each case, the majority of the pupils withdrawn attended non-grammar schools.
The ETI said that some schools were "inappropriately" ruling pupils ineligible.
"For example, there were instances where pupils deemed as ineligible sat as many as eight examinations at GCSE level or equivalent, resulting in inconsistencies across schools," its report said.
"Clearly in these schools, the exclusion of the pupils from the schools' data improves the headline outcomes attained by the school in public examinations, and consequently in media-published league tables."
The report also said that some schools had ruled a "notably high number of pupils" ineligible.
"The evidence is clear that the inclusion of these pupils in the school's examination results would have impacted adversely on the school's headline performance data and its position in media-published league tables," it reiterated.
The ETI also said, however, that there were also many examples of good practice in schools to help pupils decide which exams to sit.
America's national parks are home to some of the most breathtaking landscapes found anywhere on the planet, which is why they continue to be popular vacation destinations year in and year out. But during cold weather and heavy snow, it can be difficult to visit your favorite park. Thankfully, Netflix can help with this problem as the streaming service is currently hosting one of the best documentaries ever made about these amazing places.
Nestled amongst the new arrivals for February is National Parks Adventure, a 2016 film that was originally shown in IMAX theaters around the country. Narrated by Robert Redford, the documentary joins three travelers who set out to explore some of the vast landscapes that are found in the parks. Those adventurous travelers include the likes of mountaineer and explorer Conrad Anker, climber and artist Rachel Pohl, and photographer and filmmaker Max Lowe.
The film is also an interesting study of the history of the parks, which began way back in 1872 when Yellowstone was declared the first national park in the world. In 1890, Yosemite would become the second, but there would be many more added to the U.S. park system in the years that followed. Today, there are 59 national parks, each of which is managed by the National Park Service, which was created in 1916 by President Woodrow Wilson.
While an IMAX theater is the perfect place to watch this stunning documentary, its addition to the Netflix catalog opens it up to a much wider audience for the first time. The film shows the sweeping landscapes, amazing wildlife, and wonderful outdoor settings that comprise the national parks like never before. It also serves as a good reminder of just how special — and fragile — these places can be, particularly in an era where protected lands are increasingly under attack.
You can check out the trailer for National Parks Adventure above to get a sense of what the film is about. Then head over to Netflix to add it to your queue or begin watching now. On a cold winter weekend, it just might be the cure for cabin fever, particularly as you wait for the 2018 Super Bowl to begin.
Nikolas Cruz, suspected of carrying out a mass shooting at Florida's Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, appeared before a judge on Friday, March 9, 2018. (Published Friday, March 9, 2018)
Zachary Cruz, the brother of accused Parkland school gunman Nikolas Cruz, has been arrested for allegedly trespassing at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, according to the Broward County Sheriff's Office.
An arrest report said authorities previously told Zachary Cruz, 18, to refrain from entering the school.
Cruz allegedly "surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride their skateboard through school grounds" on Monday at about 4:30 p.m., the arrest report reads.
Cruz said they entered the school property to "reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in," according to the report.
Stoneman Douglas is the school in which 17 people, mostly teenage students, were shot and killed.
Nikolas Cruz is facing 17 counts of premeditated murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.
Parkland on Saturday will host a "March for Our Lives" event protesting gun violence and urging for reform that is organized by survivors of the shooting with the support of the Everytown for Gun Safety nonprofit organization.
Thyroid cancer survivor Amy Mahon from Newbridge has been announced as the Irish ‘Global Hero of Hope' on World Cancer Day, Sunday, February 4.
Heroes of Hope are cancer survivors who inspire hope, courage and determination in the fight against cancer. Amy joins ‘Heroes' from countries including South Africa, America and Germany who have been recognised by the American Cancer Society.
Amy was diagnosed with cancer in 2012 aged 29. Two years previously they were diagnosed with a borderline underactive thyroid and by the time their cancer was discovered it had spread to their lymph nodes.
They had their thyroid removed and radioactive iodine treatment. This required the single mum to be in isolation for five days, away from their five-year-old son.
Amy is now five years cancer free but the removal of their thyroid has resulted in lasting complications. Despite this, the nail and lash technician is determined to live their life to the full.
They said, “Cancer has changed my life. I had to change my career and lifestyle and I have some health complications but I don't allow this to define me. Cancer made my life new, not different.”
Amy was supported by the Irish Cancer Society during their treatment and as a result got involved in the Society's Relay For Life, Kildare.
Relay For Life is a 24 hour event that brings the community together to celebrate the lives of cancer survivors, remember those lost to the disease and fight back by increasing knowledge of cancer and raising money to fund vital research and services of the Society.
“40,000 people will be diagnosed with cancer in Ireland this year. The money we raise will help fund vital research to treat cancer better and services to help people affected by the disease. Relay For Life also brings communities together to fight against an illness that can sadly make a person feel so alone. If I can help anyone feel like there is light at the end of that dark tunnel, I will walk over glass to do that,” said Amy.
Mary Quinn, Relay For Life Fundraiser for the Irish Cancer Society said: “Amy is a very deserving Hero of Hope and we are thrilled that they have been recognised for their outstanding contribution to Relay For Life Kildare. Despite their cancer diagnosis and the ongoing impact this has on their life, Amy has maintained such a positive attitude and is a beacon of hope for people affected by cancer.”
For more information on Relay For Life events in Ireland, or to start one in your community, see www.cancer.ie/relayforlife For more information on Relay for Life Kildare contact Ozzie O'Toole on 0870910768.
Cubs star offers support at vigil in Florida in wake of shooting Cubs first baseman Anthony Rizzo left spring training in Mesa, Ariz., for their home in Parkland, Fla., where they gave an emotional speech in the wake of the deadly shooting...
The Cubs' superstars have disappeared CHICAGO — The bats belonging to the Cubs' most accomplished hitters have turned to mush this October, leaving the defending World Series champions in a difficult spot. Kris Bryant and...
As sports get more inexplicable, broadcasts get more inscrutable Help, please: Are sports now tougher to watch or to explain? Friday, it appeared that the only one unaware that CC Sabathia often starts poorly before rolling was Joe “By...
Why the Cubs aren't pushing the title-defense panic button CHICAGO — “There's only one time to really call a team meeting,” Joe Maddon said Tuesday afternoon at Wrigley Field. “If your best pitcher is pitching the next [game] against...
Are the Cubs going to be OK? I have long thought Joe Torre's dynastic Yankees would be appreciated more with the perspective of history than they were in real time. The four championships won in five seasons...
Joe Maddon's shifts are causing fantasy baseball controversy Winning a fantasy baseball championship requires a tremendous amount of work. In addition to the countless hours you spend scouting players and doing research for your draft, the in-season management...
Yanks outlast Cubs in 18-inning marathon to sweep champs CHICAGO — The sign near the door of the Yankees' clubhouse said it all. “Buses 1:55 a.m. Nice win'' was the message written by a likely tired hand after the...
This heart-melting young Cubs fan's gonna have the best day at Wrigley The emotional surprise of the season for one young Chicago Cubs fan is getting even sweeter thanks to the kindness of the players on the World Series champs. Nine-year-old Kolt...
MLB players are fuming over PED 'cheater' Starling Marte News of Starling Marte's suspension Tuesday brought baseball's performance-enhancing drug controversy back to the forefront, allowing some players, both past and present, to show how fed up they are with “cheating” in the...
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — The University of Kansas paid out a total of $395,000 to settle lawsuits by two former rowers who said the school didn't respond properly to their reports of being sexually assaulted on campus.
The Kansas City Star reports that the university admits no liability in agreeing to pay former rower Daisy Tackett $245,000 and former rower Sarah McClure $150,000.
Tackett reported a Kansas football player raped them in 2014 and McClure alleged they were assaulted by the same man a year later. The women claimed the school violated Title IX because officials should have anticipated a heightened risk of sexual assaults at the apartments where football players live.
The Associated Press generally doesn't identify victims of alleged sexual assault, but Tackett and McClure have said they want their names used.
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump will join millions of other Americans Sunday in hosting a Super Bowl watch party.
The first couple will host the get-together at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach, Florida, according to the president's schedule, released Saturday by the White House.
The New England Patriots will take on the Philadelphia Eagles at Minneapolis' U.S. Bank Stadium. Trump is friends with Patriots owner Robert Kraft, as well as quarterback Tom Brady.
AP Photo/Andrew Harnik
The president kept mum when asked on Friday if they had a prediction which team would snag the Vince Lombardi Trophy.
"I better not get involved," Trump said.
Following the presidential party, the Trumps -- who have been spending the weekend at their Mar-a-Lago resort -- will return to Washington.
AP Photo/Andrew Harnik
Trump has had a contentious relationship in recent months with the NFL, sparring with owners, players and others in the organization about the controversial practice of players kneeling during the national anthem to raise awareness to racial injustice and police brutality.
At an Alabama rally in September, the president said, "Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, 'Get that son of a bitch off the field right now. Out! He's fired. He's fired!'"
Supreme Court President Esther Hayut on Wednesday may have delivered a massive blow to attempts by the settler movement and Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked to use private Palestinian land for Jewish settler needs.
Crucially, the attempts had obtained support, if nuanced, from Attorney-General Avichai Mandelblit based on other judicial statements.
With the ruling coming down only days before the Supreme Court will hear the all-important petition over the legality of the Settlements Regulations Law , it may also send a signal that the law will be struck down.All of this could set the parameters of the legal debate over Israeli settlements for years to come.Passed in February 2017, the law was the Israeli right's biggest legislative achievement in decades toward effectively making new parts of the West Bank, including thousands of settler residences, into legal Israeli territory.The law has been frozen pending the Supreme Court's decision. If the court does not veto it, the law will make a wide range of previously unauthorized Jewish settler outposts legal.It appeared to get a boost in the fall of 2017 when former justice Salim Joubran, in the process of a ruling against the Amona outpost, made some side comments which appeared to help the settler cause.For the first time ever, Joubran, a Supreme Court justice, appeared to endorse Israelis building on private Palestinian land – even if it was not for security purposes – as long as the construction passed a proportionality test. Until then, the courts had been clear that Israelis could not build on private Palestinian land unless there was such a security interest.MANDELBLIT THEN threw their support behind using Joubran's statements in other situations. Those on the Right, like Shaked, applauded Mandelblit's implied support, and said that it could even lead to the Supreme Court endorsing the Settlements Regulation Law. After all, they said, were not both situations cases of just finding a proportional way to give private Palestinian land over to Jewish use?Many on the Left – including Yesh Din, who filed the latest petition which led to Hayut's Wednesday decision – slammed Mandelblit. It said they had endorsed a criminal reading of international law where Israelis could steal private Palestinian land, even as the rest of the world viewed this as violating international law.At the time, The Jerusalem Post had learned from high-level sources that Mandelblit's intentions were somewhere in the middle of the debate.Out of the thousands of units which could be impacted by the Settlements Regulation Law, they thought maybe 10% of them, or some other relatively small number, might fit into the specific Joubran formula, where Mandelblit might say that the inconvenience to the Palestinians was proportional.But regardless of what their intentions were, Mandelblit's decision – coupled with Joubran's statements – was taken by the Right as signaling a potential turning point.Now, they could override previous court decisions blocking the legal recognition of settler expansion in the West Bank, where the expansion was unauthorized, but also not prevented.Shaked had even said that it could give them tools to legalize more settler units even if they lost the Settlements Regulations Law battle.Not anymore – after Hayut's ruling.TRUE, SHAKED correctly pointed out to the Post on Wednesday that Hayut ostensibly rejected Yesh Din's petition to formally overturn Joubran's prior statements on the issue.The justice minister then went on to accuse Yesh Din – who distributed the decision to the media even before the court's spokesperson – of giving a distorted interpretation of Hayut's decision.However, Yesh Din correctly pointed out that Hayut rejected their petition partially because they said that Joubran's statements were nonbinding, legally problematic and likely contradicting prior court precedent (Hayut also said that Yesh Din needed to wait to file its petition until the state tried to apply Joubran's statements to concrete cases.)In polite judge-speak, Hayut tried to save Joubran the indignity of formally shooting down their statements, but instead shot down their idea rhetorically, removing any basis for Mandelblit's idea to use Joubran's reasoning in a range of other situations.This leaves the Right with nothing but the Settlements Regulations Law, and signals that the Supreme Court president is maneuvering to strike the law down.It also puts Mandelblit and the Right back on a collision course.His move to use Joubran's statements even for some narrow gains for the settler movement had partially deflected some settler criticism of their vehement opposition to the Settlements Regulations Law. Now they have lost that tool for deflecting criticism.The main event and ruling over the Settlements Regulations Law are still yet to come next week. But Hayut has seemingly preemptively pulled the rug from underneath the law – and moved the Right from its strongest legal position in years to the verge of a series of major court defeats.Only one week after the court curried favor with the Right with its endorsement of the IDF's open-fire rules on the Gaza border, the court may soon find itself back in the eye of the storm.
LIMERICK City could be added to the Wild Atlantic Way after a motion was passed by councillors.
At this week's economic policy committee meeting, members passed a motion from Fine Gael councillor Stephen Keary that they would lobby Tourism Minister Shane Ross to add the city to the tourist trail.
Cllr Keary proposed that the route would come through Limerick from West Clare and stretch down the River Shannon to Foynes Port, which is already included in the Wild Atlantic Way.
Labour councillor Joe Leddin said: “So many tourists come to Shannon Airport and the next stop is Kerry, and Limerick is left bypassed.
“There is huge merit in collaborating with Clare to ensure Limerick is included. If some of these tourists stopped off in Limerick, we would benefit from an economic point of view.”
But they suggested that perhaps it might be better to market ‘the Shannon estuary route' separately.
Cllr Noel Gleeson, Fianna Fail, who chairs the economic meeting, said there has already been dialogue with Clare county manager Pat Dowling, a former Limerick council official with this in mind.
Glin-based Fine Gael councillor John Sheahan said their village has seen a huge economic uplift from being on the route the Wild Atlantic Way route.
“It has been hugely successful and some people are saying there has been an 80% increase in business activity as a consequence of the Wild Atlantic Way,” they claimed, adding many out-of-use houses are now holiday lets as a result.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Reuters A Wells Fargo branch is seen in the Chicago suburb of Evanston.
Wells Fargo & Co. says the impact from sanctions put on the bank after a wave of customer account scandals could reduce its profit this year by as much as $400 million.
Wells Fargo WFC, -2.20% is replacing four board members and won't be able to grow beyond the $1.95 trillion in assets it held at the end of 2017, after agreeing to a consent order with the Federal Reserve on Friday.
Read: Fed says Wells Fargo isn't allowed to grow after wave of scandals
The bank opened millions of customer accounts without consent over a period of years, and it has also been found to have committed additional infractions, such as charging borrowers for unneeded guaranteed auto protection.
Wells Fargo made the projection after the Federal Reserve unveiled the consent order Friday night after stock markets had closed.
“It is important to note that the consent order is not related to any new matters, but to prior issues where we have already made significant progress. We appreciate the Federal Reserve's acknowledgment of our actions to date. In addition, the order is not related to Wells Fargo's financial condition — we remain in a strong financial position and stand ready to serve the varied financial needs of our customers,” said CEO Timothy Sloan in a statement.
The bank says this year's profit will be reduced by $300 million to $400 million by the steps it'll have to take, after earning $22.2 billion in 2017. Wells Fargo hasn't decided precisely how to operate within the asset cap, but says it may reduce its portfolio of what it called commercial non-operational deposits, financial institution deposits and trading assets.
The big question is how long the consent order will last. Wells Fargo says it'll submit a plan to further improve the company's firm-wide compliance and operational risk management program within 60 days. After Federal Reserve approval, the company will engage independent third parties to conduct a review, to be completed no later than Sept. 30, 2018.
The bank says it will be able to meet its customers' financial needs and generate a “competitive” return on equity.
Wells Fargo will disclose updated annual targets at its May 2018 Investor Day, which will also include the impact of tax cuts enacted by Congress. It says it is still committed to returning more capital to shareholders.
Follow @insidefutbol
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has shirked responding to questions over Manchester United target Antoine Griezmann's future at the club.
The 26-year-old forward has been incessantly linked with a move to Manchester United in the summer over the last few months, with the player themselves revealing their annoyance at the constant rumours.
Real Madrid are also said to be interested, but Griezmann has talked about the difficulty of crossing over to the other side of Madrid as a Los Colchoneros star and there are suggestions that their representatives have already agreed terms of a contract with Manchester United.
Simeone has so far stayed away from the rumour mill linking the Frenchman with a move to Old Trafford and it seems they remain keen to refrain from responding to queries on Griezmann's future.
When probed about Griezmann potentially joining Manchester United, the Atletico Madrid boss was quoted as saying by Marca: “That's a question for them [to answer].”
Griezmann has a release clause of €100m in their contract and Atletico Madrid are expected to demand their suitors to pay that figure if they want them this summer.
The Frenchman has netted 24 goals in 44 appearances this season for the Spanish giants and has also been key player for France, with 15 goals in 41 caps to their name.
The Internal Revenue Service recently released updated mileage reimbursement rates for 2017, effective January 1, 2017. Please make note of these, as relevant OPs may not be updated immediately to reflect the changes. The new rates are as follows:
- 53.5 cents per mile for business miles driven
- 17 cents per mile driven for moving or medical purposes
- 14 cents per mile driven in service for a charitable organization
Police officers redirect traffic in the Belgian city of Liege on Tuesday, May 29, 2018, near the site where an armed man shot and killed police officers before being subdued by police.
The NYPD is reminding all of its officers to “maintain strong situational” awareness after a terror attack in Belgium targeted police officers there Tuesday.
The internal NYPD message states there are no new specific threats to officers, but given the seriousness of the attack in the Belgian city of Liege, officers were told to work with colleagues to constantly monitor for possible “safety threats.”
Two female police officers in Liege were repeatedly stabbed in the back by a terrorist who then took the officers guns and shot them. The suspect then went on to take a hostage at a nearby school before being killed during a shootout with responding police.
Belgian police identified the suspect as Benjamin Herman, who was given a two-day furlough as part of a rehabilitation program. Herman, 36, is a drug suspect turned radical Islamist, authorities said. Witnesses said they screamed “Allahu Akbar” as they attacked the officers.
Belgium authorities are calling the incident a terror attack. Officers Sorayay Belacemi and Lucile Garcia were killed. Four other officers were injured during the shootout.
The NYPD has seen its own officers targeted in recent years. In October 2014, a hatchet-wielding Zale Thompson attacked a group of rookie NYPD officers as they posed for a photo on a Queens street. The incident was called a terror attack by police.
In a separate December 2014 incident, two New York City police officers, Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, were shot and killed as they sat in their patrol car.
Cambridge Analytica says it is ‘no Bond villain'
Cambridge Analytica claimed Tuesday it was “no Bond villain” as it vehemently denied exploiting Facebook users' data for the election campaign of US President Donald Trump.
The marketing analytics firm stressed it had deleted data about Facebook users obtained in breach of the social network's terms of service.
The information had been gathered via a personality prediction app developed by academic Aleksandr Kogan's research firm Global Science Research (GSR).
Cambridge Analytica (CA) insisted it did not use the data during Trump's 2016 campaign and did not support the pro-Brexit side in Britain's referendum on its European Union membership that same year.
Spokesman Clarence Mitchell claimed the company had been portrayed like the enemy in a James Bond film.
“Cambridge Analytica is no Bond villain,” they said.
“While no laws were broken, we have acknowledged where mistakes have been made.”
They convened a press conference in London “to counter some of the unfounded allegations and, frankly, the torrent of ill-informed and inaccurate speculation”.
CA suspended chief executive Alexander Nix on March 20 after recordings emerged of them boasting that the firm played an expansive role in the Trump campaign, doing all of its research, analytics as well as digital and television campaigns.
In undercover filming captured by Channel 4 television, they are also seen boasting about entrapping politicians and secretly operating in elections around the world through shadowy front companies.
Speaking of Nix, Mitchell said: “At worst he's guilty of over-zealous salespersonship in an attempt to apparently win a contract.
“Staff that saw that were horrified and did not recognise the Cambridge Analytica they worked for.”
They said the data CA acquired from GSR was for up to 30 million respondents in the United States only, irrespective of how many GSR was able to get information on.
The data that Kogan managed to collect through the app was tested in 2014 and 2015, before Facebook complained about it, and was “shown to be virtually useless in that it was only just above random guessing, in statistical terms,” said Mitchell.
“Cambridge Analytica did not use the data further. The firm did work for Donald Trump for five months.”
But, Mitchell insisted: “Any suggestion that the GSR Kogan data was used in that campaign is utterly incorrect. Its effective uselessness had already been identified by then.”
Mitchell said CA was “extremely sorry” that it ended up in the possession of data that breached Facebook's terms of service.
On the Brexit referendum, they said CA pitched to Leave.EU, before it lost out on becoming the officially designated Leave campaign, but its bids to them, and to other referendum campaigns, were unsuccessful.
They said an independent investigation into the company, being carried out by a senior lawyer, was close to conclusion.
Kogan, who teaches at Cambridge University, told a British parliamentary committee Tuesday that criticism of their work by Facebook showed the US social media giant was in “PR crisis mode”.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Jonny Smith died in the crash
The registration number of a stolen car which caused the crash where a man died on the outskirts of Edinburgh has been released by police.
The driver of the stolen car sped off after the smash on the A902 at Maybury Road on Friday at 00:30.
Jonny Smith was at the wheel of a Peugeot 206 which was struck by another car as it swerved to avoid the stolen Audi A3 with number plate, SM17 EAK.
Police want to speak with drivers with dash cams who were in the area.
Mr Smith's body was discovered after the blaze was put out by fire crews.
The grey Audi A3 was believed to be travelling "in convoy" with a silver hatchback.
Police said a 25-year-old man, a 22-year-old woman and five-year-old girl were travelling in a BMW which collided with the dead driver's car. They were treated for injuries in hospital.
Det Insp Graham Grant, of Police Scotland, said: "My officers are leaving no stone unturned as we look to identify those who were within the stolen Audi A3 and the public can help with our efforts by coming forward if they've seen the vehicle, which, at the time of the collision, had the number plate SM17 EAK.
"Similarly, if members of the public have seen the Audi since it was stolen from the Liberton area on 17th April then please get in touch so we can establish its movements since that time.
"As part of the ongoing investigation, we wish to speak with the driver and any occupants of a small dark-coloured hatchback vehicle, which had been travelling on Maybury Road towards Barnton at around 12.30am on Friday 25th May. It is believed this car was travelling close to a black Peugeot taxi, which we have since traced and obtained a statement from the driver. If you believe you were in this car then please come forward.
"I would also ask any other motorists who witnessed the collision, or who may have relevant dash-cam footage of the incident or the movement of the Audi before or after this time, or who have information relating to the driver and other occupants, to contact police immediately."
Children from Zuni Pueblo lead the U.S. pledge of allegiance in the Zuni language in the New Mexico state Capitol in Santa Fe, N.M., on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Head Start program teacher Rylan Chimoni helps the children learn their tribal language at an early age. The Legislature held an annual celebration of indigenous communities and culture. Morgan Lee AP Photo
Image copyright PA Image caption Sports minister Shane Ross established the inquiry into the selling and reselling of tickets for the Rio Olympics last August
The report into circumstances around the distribution of Irish tickets for the Rio Olympics is to be published.
The inquiry was launched last year following the arrest of Olympic Council of Ireland president Pat Hickey's during the Games.
Brazilian authorities charged Mr Hickey with facilitating ticket touting, forming a cartel and illicit marketing. They deny the charges.
A non-statutory inquiry into the issue was established last August.
It was set up by Shane Ross, the Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport.
The inquiry, led by retired judge Carroll Moran, was to look at the ticketing procedures and practices of the Olympic Council of Ireland.
Reports suggest the judge was frustrated by the lack of co-operation from various parties.
The non-statutory inquiry had no powers of compellability and, as a result, was unable to question Mr Hickey or members of the International Olympic Committee.
Image copyright ©INPHO/James Crombie Image caption Pat Hickey denies any wrongdoing
Parts of the report were leaked to the Irish Independent newspaper last week, which suggest it will not find evidence of criminality.
Last week, Shane Ross, Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport, said they could not comment on the report ahead of its publication.
"I'd ask everybody to read it and make up their own mind and not depend upon the selective leaks that appeared in the newspapers," they said.
A spokesperson for the department said: "In the interests of due process, neither the department nor the ministers will be commenting on the detail of the Moran Inquiry Report, or any matter relating to the inquiry, until after the publication of the report."
Get ready to join the 10th annual San Francisco Beer Week celebrations, the 10-day brew extravaganza that runs from Feb. 9 to 18. Chances are high that Bay Area beer lovers already know all about the festival's big tentpole events — the opening gala on San Francisco's Pier 35 on Feb. 9, the annual Double IPA Festival held at Hayward's the Bistro on Feb. 10 and the big Celebrator bash at Berkeley's Trumer Brauerei on Feb. 17.
But SF Beer Week includes hundreds of other events to check out, too. Some require tickets and reservations, others are walk-ups, where you pay at the bar. Here are eight especially fun, under-the-radar events to add to your itinerary — some wild, some playful and some educational in the best possible way.
For more food and drink coverage
follow us on Flipboard.
SF Beer Week NightLife at the California Academy of Sciences
Part of the fun of SF Beer Week is that there are always a few wild and wacky events that explore the beer world in new or different ways. This year, that lineup includes Tricycle Drag Races at Oakland's Ale Industries (Feb. 18), the disco-themed Twisted Tasting at Santa Cruz's Civic Auditorium (Feb. 17, $18), and Pinball & Pints at Alameda's Pacific Pinball Museum (Feb. 11, $40).
Don't miss the beer-themed NightLife at the California Academy of Sciences ($15), which mixes science and suds from 6 to 10 p.m. on Feb. 15.
The science museum's NightLife events are always fun, but this particular one is a frothy mix of education and beer, including home-brewing demonstrations, brewer talks and nearly a dozen breweries pouring Beer Week-only beers. Magnolia Brewing will be pouring its Aliciella Bitter, which is brewed with plant varieties found on the Academy's living roof. (The beer's name, by the way, gives a nod to early 20th-century botanist Alice Eastwood, whose daring rescue of Academy plant specimens during the 1906 earthquake and fire was recognized in the most appropriate form: The genus aliciella is named after her.)
Sweet & Sour Valentine Takeover
Chocolate and beer go together as perfectly as Valentine's Day and SF Beer Week share a calendar page. There are several chocolate-beer dinners offered this year, but I'm heading straight for the Sweet & Sour Valentine Takeover at Walnut Creek's ØL Beercafe & Bottleshop. From 4 to 11 p.m. on Feb. 14, you can taste a sour and a sweet beer from each of seven breweries, served alongside chocolates and other sweets. There's no quicker way to get to the heart of the matter.
Collabopalooza with Malty Maven & Friends
Ten “official” collaboration beers have been brewed this year to salute the festival's 10th anniversary, but there are numerous informal ventures, too. One of the latter is rolling out at one of my favorite Oakland bars, the Good Hop. Long before owner Melissa “Malty Maven” Myers opened their beer bar, they were a brewer at Magnolia, Pyramid and Ross Brewing (now Iron Springs). They definitely know their way around the mash paddles. This year, she's done special collaboration beers with Hoi Polloi, 21st Amendment, 47 Hills, Oakland United Beerworks and Benoit Casper, and a cider with South City Ciderworks. Taste them all at the Good Hop's Collabopalooza, which runs from 3 to 10 p.m. Feb. 12.
“Brew Free! or Dine” Beer Dinner
A beer dinner can be one of the best ways to learn how beer pairs with different foods. Many of these are multiple-course affairs with a different beer paired with each dish, from appetizers to dessert. I could go to one every night. But I'm particularly looking forward to this one at San Francisco's 21st Amendment Brewery on Feb. 12. Brewmaster Shaun O'Sullivan will be on hand, along with Brooklyn Brewery's Garrett Oliver — author of “The Brewmaster's Table” — and Gordon Schuck from Denver's Funkwerks. The menu includes beer pairings from all three breweries, as well as three desserts. Find details and order tickets ($75) at sfbeerweek.org.
Yeast Class
Related Articles Anchor Distilling, left out of the Sapporo purchase, gets a new name
Mariposa's brewing scene: The 1850 restaurant branches out
Bay Area wine, spirits and beer events: Jan. 27 and beyond
Downtown Disney is getting a big-name brewery
Northern California beer news, from Pliny the Younger to three new breweries Education has been part of the SF Beer Week mission since its earliest days. The more you learn, the more you appreciate the beer in your glass. So this year's festival includes more than 70 educational events, including this fascinating lecture and tasting ($70) at San Jose's Santa Clara Valley Brewing. New York City craft beer pioneer John LaPolla will be lecturing and leading a tasting from 2 to 5 p.m. on Feb. 11.
Find details on all of the above, plus another 600 suds-centric events, at sfbeerweek.org.
Beer writer Jay R. Brooks is one of the co-founders of SF Beer Week. Contact them at BrooksOnBeer@gmail.com.
For more food and drink coverage
follow us on Flipboard.
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up their specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where they work.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. They don't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, they acknowledge.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes themselves as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says they no longer recognizes their neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. They say bureaucrats keep telling them to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, they say.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though they only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Them work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even they have not applied for work permits for their Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," they say. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged their feet too. When they arrived four years ago, they thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," they say.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
They still dream of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
The coverage gap is the most serious problem in the private sector retirement system.
At any moment in time, less than half of private sector workers are offered any type of retirement plan by their employer. Since people tend to only save through organized savings mechanisms, those without coverage do not accumulate retirement assets.
policymakers have recognized the coverage problem and have proposed a federal “Auto-IRA” program under which employers without a plan would be required to automatically deposit a percentage of their employee's earnings in an individual retirement account. The employee would retain the ability to opt out. Unfortunately, no such legislation has been enacted at the federal level. Instead, the states have leapt into the breach. California, Connecticut, Illinois, Maryland, and Oregon are in various stages of developing state Auto-IRA programs. Oregon's program is actually up and running.
Massachusetts has taken a different tack. In 2017, the state launched a multiple-employer 401(k) plan open to nonprofits with 20 employees or fewer. This initiative is known as the Connecting Organizations to Retirement (CORE) plan. The state takes on the bulk of the administrative and investment responsibilities. The idea is to relieve small employers of the administrative and fiduciary burden of offering their own plans, and, through economies of scale, reduce the fees and expenses generally associated with running a small 401(k).
Once an employer chooses to participate in CORE, its employees are automatically enrolled in the plan. An employee can then opt out if they choose not to participate. The employer can match the employee contributions or make contributions regardless of whether or not the employee contributes. CORE automatically escalates the employee's contribution; for example, the initial contribution rate is increased gradually each year until it reaches a specified ceiling.
Enrolling employees in a low-cost 401(k) has a number of advantages over the IRA model — primarily, employees can contribute more than they could to an IRA and their employer can match their contribution. Participants also have the protections offered under the Employee Retirement Security Act of 1974 (ERISA)
The downside of the Massachusetts approach is that it relies on each employer to make the decision to participate. In contrast, the Auto-IRA approach requires each employer without a plan to automatically enroll their employees. Moreover, the Massachusetts plan is limited to small nonprofits, whereas the Auto-IRA approach targets all employers without a plan.
I am skeptical that the voluntary approach will work, but am happy to be proved wrong.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Braun Hartfield scored 20 points, but the Youngstown State men's basketball team suffered an 83-57 setback to Wright State on Saturday night at the Beeghly Center.
The Penguins started strong in the opening five minutes of the game, but Wright State scored 14 straight points to seize control of the contest and never looked back.
For the night, Hartfield was 5-of-12 from the field and 8-of-13 from the free-throw line. They also had six rebounds.Naz Bohannon had 13 rebounds and finished with nine points.
Wright State (18-7 overall and 10-2 in the Horizon League) shot 56.9 percent from the field making 29-of-51 attempts. The Raiders also knocked down nine 3-pointers.
YSU shot 30.8 percent making 20-of-65 shots.
YSU took an early 9-2 lead after a Hartfield fastbreak layup just five minutes into the game.
WSU made just one for first six FGAs and two of first 10 field-goal attempts then the Raiders went on a 14-0 run to take a 16-9 lead and forced the Penguins to call timeout at the 9:25 mark.
Wright State extended its lead to 26-13 and 28-15 with 4:42 left in the half.
After starting 2-for-10, the Raiders made 13 of their final 19 field goal attempts and led the Penguins, 40-28, at halftime.
YSU connected on 33.3 percent from the floor and made just one 3-pointer in the first half.
The Penguins visit UIC, Thursday, Feb. 8, at 8 p.m. at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago, Ill.
COURTESY: YOUNGSTOWN STATE ATHLETICS
Heads are rolling at Uber.
Twenty people have been fired as a result of a Perkins Coie law firm investigation into allegations of harassment, an Uber spokesperson confirmed to NBC News. The news was first reported by Bloomberg.
In total, 215 claims were investigated by Perkins Coie, with 100 resulting in no action, Uber confirmed.
Of those cases, 57 are still under review. In addition, two employees have been referred for additional training on how to improve their management skills. Five people were also issued written/final warnings, the company said.
"We talked to anybody who wanted to talk to us and thought they had relevant information," Bobbie Wilson, a partner at Perkins Coie and the lead investigator, told NBC News.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mass Firing at Uber in Fallout of Sexual Harassment Investigation 1:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Wilson said they were given "unfettered access" to hundreds of thousands of documents and was able to conduct "scores" of interviews with current and former employees.
The cases span harassment, bullying and generally inappropriate workplace behavior, Wilson said. They declined to share the breakdown of the claims, but said the majority of the claims they investigated were not sexual harassment.
A source told NBC News that several senior staff members have been dismissed, though names have not been made available.
The firings are separate from an independent investigation completed by former Attorney General Eric Holder. That report is still with Uber's board's subcommittee. Recommendations from it are expected to come at a planned Uber staff meeting next week, a spokesperson for the report told NBC News.
Related: Uber Prepares Itself for Results of Three-Month-Long Internal Investigation
The dual investigations were commissioned in February after Susan Fowler, a former Uber engineer, published a blog post titled, "Reflecting On One Very, Very Strange Year At Uber."
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick speaks to students at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) campus in Mumbai, India on Jan. 19, 2016. Danish Siddiqui / Reuters file
Perkins Coie got to work shortly after the blog post, focusing on individual workplace claims. Wilson described it as a rolling process and one that has included ongoing communication with Uber's leadership.
Holder's report is expected to focus on the company's culture and structure, making recommendations at a macro level.
Some of the claims in Fowler's blog post are still being investigated, Wilson said. They added that Fowler's case was not one of the asupervisorstioned 215 cases.
"We haven't completed that investigation, just a mass majority of it but there are still a few little things I need to do. I won't come any conclusion until I have looked at everything and I have left no stone unturned," Wilson said.
In their post, Fowler alleged that they were propositioned for sex on their first day on the job, was repeatedly blocked from advancement, and found Uber's human resources department unwilling to take action on sexual harassment claims they and other female employees filed.
The blog post, which came on February 19, quickly ignited a firestorm, prompting Uber CEO Travis Kalanick to pledge a full investigation.
On Tuesday, Fowler tweeted their reaction to the Uber news, referencing comments made by board member Arianna Huffington and human resources head Liane Hornsey.
Image copyright PA Image caption Anthony Mottram was cleared of rape, indecent assault and possessing an offensive weapon
A man has been cleared of raping a 16-year-old girl in an attack in Bradford more than 20 years ago.
Anthony Mottram, 49, of Weeland Road, Sharlston Common, Wakefield, was charged after DNA evidence linked them to the scene in Fairweather Green.
The victim, who is now 37, was attacked as they walked on an area of land called The Filler on 10 June 1997.
A jury at Leeds Crown Court found them not guilty of rape, indecent assault and possession of an offensive weapon.
More news from around Yorkshire
In the trial, which began on 16 April, the court heard how the victim was walking to a friend's house one morning when they were stopped by a man with a craft knife.
They were indecently assaulted and raped before they managed to escape and police were called.
The court was told a stain on the victim's T-shirt had been re-examined in 2016 using advances in forensic technology.
A DNA sample was taken from Mr Mottram in February 2017 and forensic experts concluded it was a match.
Mr Mottram told the court they had no explanation for why their DNA matched that found at the scene and on the victim's T-shirt.
They said they used to walk with their ex-wife in the area and they would sometimes have sex outside - something which they denied.
SHARE COPY LINK Kelda Roys is running for Governor of Wisconsin. In this campaign ad, Roy is seen breastfeeding their daughter in the ad. Kelda for Governor 2018
Kelda Roys is running for Governor of Wisconsin. In this campaign ad, Roy is seen breastfeeding their daughter in the ad. Kelda for Governor 2018
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Glowforge launched its much-anticipated line of 3D laser printers today, giving creators, families, and small businesses the ability to bring their ideas to life at the push of a button.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005466/en/
Glowforge Pro 3D Laser Printer (Photo: Business Wire)
In 2015, Seattle-based Glowforge made a staggering introduction when it set a 30-day crowdfunding record of more than $27,900,000. Now that pre-orders have been completed, Glowforge is launching its long-awaited product to the general public. The 3D laser printer has already been used to print everything from personalized leather pet collars to coffee makers to outdoor business signs – even a pediatric surgical training tool.
For the first time ever, laser cutting and engraving technology has been freed from the factory and made easy and affordable for home and small business use.
“From the very start, we designed the Glowforge 3D laser printer to unlock people's creativity,” said Dan Shapiro, CEO of Glowforge. “We set out to re-invent the idea of ‘homemade.' What if you could print what you wanted, when you needed it? What if you could sketch a design, then turn it into something real you could use, without complicated software? What if your gifts were personal instead of purchased? What if it was easy to print your ideas a hundred times, so you could launch a business?”
Glowforge sets up in just minutes and works via Wi-Fi. No software is required, as it uses the web browser or app on any Mac, PC, tablet, and smartphone. Users can create and print from software including Adobe Illustrator, Inkscape, CorelDraw, Adobe Photoshop, GIMP, Autodesk 360, and Sketchup. They can also bypass software altogether – the onboard cameras can scan a drawing and transform it directly into a beautiful print on almost any material.
Glowforge prints on an enormous variety of materials: leather, wood, acrylic, paper, fabric, cardboard, metal, glass, ceramic, stone, laptops and even chocolate. To make things even easier, Glowforge offers a line of Proofgrade™ materials digitally encoded so Glowforge printers can recognize them and auto-adjust to print perfectly each time.
The Glowforge Basic, Plus, and Pro are now available for purchase at Glowforge.com:
Glowforge Basic ($2,495) is perfect for home, hobby, and craft use, and can print beautiful products on dozens of materials. Glowforge Plus ($3,995) offers upgraded components and a more powerful laser to print up to 20% faster, plus a double warranty. Glowforge Pro ($5,995) is for serious makers, home entrepreneurs, and small businesses. It is designed for all-day use. The Pro Passthrough allows printing large projects, including home décor and furniture.
Customers that have received their Glowforge are already raving about the experience. “I am having the time of my life using Glowforge to make things I never would have thought possible. I now make gifts for friends and family for Christmas, Valentine's Day and soon all the other holidays,” said Rodney Maker of Downey, CA. “The excitement that surrounds us when we see the expression from friends and family and the big question they ask us ‘did you make this?' Wow! and ‘can we watch you make something?' I anticipate we will be making things with our Glowforge until the end of time.”
To learn more, visit glowforge.com or click here to watch a video. To see what customers are making with Glowforge, search #Glowforge on Instagram or click here.
ABOUT GLOWFORGE
Glowforge is a Seattle-based startup that created the 3D laser printer. Glowforge's wireless desktop laser makes it simple for designers, artists, and makers to take products directly from digital design to reality. Unlike 3D printers that use additive technology to build objects out of plastic, Glowforge uses subtractive technology to cut and engrave products from durable and beautiful materials like wood, leather, acrylic, paper, fabric – even chocolate. A sleek and efficient design makes this industrial-grade technology beautiful and affordable, and a friendly cloud-based app makes it easy to create amazing things with Glowforge. For more information, please visit Glowforge.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005466/en/
CONTACT: Type A Marketing
Glenn Mandel / Alex Skillman
760-798-1563 / 415-342-6425
glenn@typeamarketing.com/alex@typeamarketing.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OTHER CONSUMER TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING CONSUMER
SOURCE: Glowforge
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005466/en
“The Most Hated Woman in America” is one of Netflix's newest movies. It's a biographical movie about the life of Madalyn Murray O'Hair, the controversial founder of American Atheists. O'Hair is played by Oscar-award-winning actor Melissa Leo, with Vincent Kartheiser (“Mad Men”) and Adam Scott (“Parks and Recreation”) in supporting roles.
O'Hair is an influential activist even though few knows who they are. Them most prominent act was their involvement in the 1963 Supreme Court case, Abington School District v. Schempp, in which the Supreme Court decided 8-1 that state-sponsored Bible readings in classrooms are unconstitutional. The Supreme Court's decision said the constitution prohibits requiring any particular faith or creed, which Bible devotionals do. However, academic Biblical criticism is still acceptable as an educational discipline. The controversy around the case made their famous, and a cover article in “Life” magazine declared them the most hated woman in America, inspiring the name of the movie.
Leo faithfully portrays O'Hair as a combative, aggressive woman. They spoke their mind and didn't care who it offended. They were always careful to point out they did not want to take anyone's religion away; just that they didn't want anyone to force their religion on them Faith is a private, not public, matter to her, and it should be kept in private when possible.
The film does a good job showing the hate they and other prominent atheists receive from the religious. They enjoyed the irony that the followers of a religion proclaiming to be about love would graphically describe how they should die and suffer forever in Hell. Even today, atheist speakers receive hate mail and death threats, and we're in a time more accepting of religious skepticism. O'Hair was a novelty in their time; a proud American and non-believer when godless was associated with communism.
Movies based on real people and events usually tweak events to make them more dramatic, but unfortunately, “The Most Hated Woman in America” invents an entire plot point that ruins O'Hair's character. In real life, O'Hair and some of their family were kidnapped and murdered by people wanting access to their organization's money, but the movie shows them embezzling those funds, and the kidnappers wanting those illegal accounts, which is a lie. According to Frank R. Zindler, former president of American Atheists and managing editor of American Atheist Press, the offshore accounts were public knowledge and the money was raised by members, with progress detailed in their newsletter. Making O'Hair a thief does nothing for their reputation, and makes atheists look like crooks and liars.
However, the biggest problem with the movie is not the inaccuracies. The problem is it's not very good. The film tries to use a sepia tone to make the scenes in the 1960s and 1970s look older; instead, it just looks muddy. The story is told through two storylines: It opens with the kidnapping of the O'Hair family and tells that story intertwined with their life of activism. But their kidnapping isn't an interesting story — it just drags on until the end. The rest of the movie is just a typical biopic — nothing remarkable. Madalyn Murray O'Hair, however hated, had a lasting influence on the country. If a movie needed to be made about their life, they deserved better than this one.
Quit Notice: We Give You From Now Till Thursday To Leave Our Territories – South Africans To Nigerians
The Nigeria Union in South Africa, on Wednesday claimed that two communities in the country, have asked Nigerians to leave their territories.
President of the union, Ikechukwu Anyene, said the Kuruman community in Northern Cape Province gave Nigerians till Thursday to leave.
They also said the Klaafontein community, Extension 5, Johannesburg, directed landlords not to renew the rent of Nigerians in the area, blaming them for the rise of illicit drug trade and prostitution.
South African communities give Nigerians quit notice
“The Nigeria union held series of meetings with the affected communities as well as police and local authorities on the recent threats to Nigerians.
“We have also written reports on these incidents and sent to the Nigerian Mission and the South African police.
“We recommended interventions before the June 16 deadline to the mission and we are waiting for their response.
Police bans Dino Melaye, others from holding unapproved rally in Kogi
“The union is worried that any incident involving non -South Africans are attributed to Nigerians,” Anyene said
The post Quit Notice: We Give You From Now Till Thursday To Leave Our Territories – South Africans To Nigerians appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Close Modal Window
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
NBA Hall of Famer and TNT analyst Charles Barkley was in Birmingham, Ala., on Monday to speak at a campaign event for Doug Jones ahead of the Alabama special election for the U.S. Senate.
They urged Alabama to vote for Jones over Republican candidate Roy Moore who has faced numerous sexual assault and harassment allegations involving underage girls.
Barkley couldn't even believe the race had gone this far and that some polls have Moore in the lead. They called on Alabamans to stop looking like “idiots” to the nation and vote for Jones.
Barkley said:
“Alabama is my home. It's the greatest place in the world. I love my Auburn family — War Eagle to everybody. Hey, even you Roll Tiders, welcome too. If somebody told you guys, put this election in a movie script. No, I'm being serious. If somebody sent you this as a movie script, you would throw it in the trash. You'd say, ‘There's no way possible this other dude could be leading in any polls.' And I mean that sincerely. And I'm not talking about being a Democrat or a Republican, a liberal, a conservative — those are the words they throw around to make it sound bad. There's no way possible this guy should — Number One — be in an election. There's no way. It's unbelievable that this guy is still in the race. When people in your own party say they won't vote for you or support you, that's a dead giveaway. It's amazing. I am begging and urging everybody to get out, call all your friends. We gotta, at some point, we gotta stop looking like idiots to the nation.”
Barkley has spoken out against Moore in the past. They said back in November via USA TODAY:
“Roy Moore is running with Steve Bannon as their right-hand man, who is a white separatist,” Barkley said. “I'm not even going to get into the women stuff. But the guy — how can you be a white separatist and represent all the constituents in your state? I mean, everybody is going crazy over this sexual allegations, but Roy Moore, to me, when they brought in Steve Bannon, should have been disqualified.”
Alabama's special election will take place on Tuesday.
SAN FRANCISCO — As one of the three finalists for the 2015 Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year Award, Eli Manning said earlier in the week that there were...
With all the games, backstories, injuries and developments in a given week in the NFL, it's tough to know what to look for on Sunday. Here are five things to...
BBC Live: Sussex
Send us your comments, pictures and videos by tweeting us, emailing us or sending us a message on Facebook.
The 10 most fashionable movie moments of 2014 What do Angelina Jolie, Felicity Jones and Gugu Mbatha-Raw have in common? Apart from starring in three of the most buzzed-about flicks of the year, their big screen styles made...
Gugu Mbatha-Raw draws inspiration from pop icons in the latest role When you act in a movie about a pop star grappling with the dark side of fame, everyone wants to know the same thing: Who's it based on? But the...
Well…he talks a lot. In the video clip Maroon 5 released for their new song ‘Cold' he's blah blah blahing while wife Behati Prinsloo has their night mask on trying to sleep.
Check it out below:
The world's financial elite is striving to find common ground with U.S. officials on stressing the importance of global trade, according to the European Union's commissioner of economic affairs.
Deputy finance ministers and central bankers are currently negotiating a communique all Group of 20 nations can agree on, Pierre Moscovici said in an interview with Bloomberg Television. This is despite Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin telling their counterparts that the U.S. stands by its policies to defend its own economic interests.
“Nobody wants to enter into a trade war -- everybody is looking for a way to bridge the gap and find common tunes, especially on trade,” Moscovici said in Buenos Aires. “Protectionism is never the answer.”
With U.S. tariffs on aluminum and steel kicking in on Friday, governments from around the world have reached out to negotiate exemptions, while at the same time threatening retaliation. The EU has listed iconic U.S. products including Harley-Davidson Inc. motorcycles, Levi Strauss & Co. jeans and bourbon whiskey as targets for import duties. But Moscovici stressed that a spiral of measures and countermeasures should be avoided.
“We are at a delicate moment -- we need to prepare a possible response to American measures,” they said. “The EU is preparing for that, but we think the best is to avoid a scale up” because “we must absolutely avoid trade wars.”
Moscovici said he's “cautiously optimistic” that an agreement on common language on trade can be agreed before G-20 finance chiefs conclude their two-day meeting on Tuesday. “I'm quite hopeful that we won't repeat the melodrama of Baden-Baden,” they said.
At last year's gathering in the German city, Mnuchin successfully fought to set aside the group's previous pledges to avoid all forms of protectionism in the communique, later joking that the battle was the G-19 against one.
“We prefer an attitude which will be more enthusiastic on multilateralism and free trade,” Moscovici said. “Avoiding multilateralism in a multilateral institution makes no sense.”
Safety regulators in the U.S. are investigating airbags in certain Hyundai and Kia vehicles that failed to deploy in frontal collisions linked to four deaths and six injuries.
As many as 425,000 automobiles made by the South Korean manufacturers may be affected, according to an investigation report posted on the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's website. NHTSA is investigating whether vehicles made by other carmakers also may be at risk. Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. shares fell.
The six crashes involved 2011 model year Hyundai Sonatas as well as 2012 and 2013 Kia Fortes, according to the U.S. Transportation Department. The 2013 Forte crash occurred in Canada. Hyundai on Feb. 27 recalled almost 155,000 Sonatas after determining that an electrical overstress failed to inflate the airbags during collisions. Hyundai is looking into the product supplier, ZF Friedrichshafen AG, for a possible cause for the electrical problem.
Airbags already are linked to the largest and most complex auto-related recall in U.S. history -- the one that ultimately led to Japan's Takata Corp. to seek court protection from creditors after its devices were linked to at least 17 deaths. Unlike the Takata situation, which involved exploding airbags with shrapnel, the latest probe involves devices that failed to deploy at all.
Shares Fall
Shares of Hyundai declined 3.8 percent in Seoul, the biggest drop in more than two months. Kia lost 3.5 percent, the most in more than six months.
“This is just the start of an investigation -- we don't know how much it will be expanded yet,” said Lee Hang-koo, a senior researcher at state-run Korea Institute for Industrial Economics & Trade in Sejong City, South Korea. “It is surely bad news for Hyundai, which is already seeing sluggish sales in the U.S.”
The federal agency said it will work to determine whether any other automaker use air-bag control units that are the same or similar to those supplied by ZF, and whether those units behave the same way in similar crashes. A safety expert said that's critical to determining how widespread the problem is and whether it's just a Hyundai and Kia issue.
“If there is a component in the module that is used by other systems as well, that number could increase significantly,” Keith Friedman, automotive safety researcher at Friedman Research Corp. in Austin, Texas, said in a telephone interview Sunday. “If it has to do with the way this particular module has been manufactured, it could be localized to these particular vehicles.”
Manufaturers Cooperating
ZF isn't aware of other carmakers being affected, spokesperson Thomas Wenzel said. The probe is a top priority for the closely held German company, which is cooperating with the U.S. authorities as well as Hyundai, they said. ZF proactively passed information to the NHTSA before an official probe began, Wenzel said. The manufacturer bought U.S.-based TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. for more than $12 billion in 2015.
The Korean carmakers also said they're cooperating in the probe. Hyundai is “announcing this recall now to ensure the safety of our customers,” the company said in a statement. Kia said it will work closely with NHTSA, including monitoring crash reports and conduct more crash tests as needed.
The Sonatas and Sonata hybrids made in 2011 that were sold in Hyundai's home market of South Korea don't have ZF airbags, said Koh Sung-woo, deputy director at the country's transport ministry. About 30,000 Kia Forte cars produced in South Korea have ZF airbags, though those have different ways of deploying airbags than in the U.S. cars, they said. The ministry will wait for the result of the U.S. probe and see if there are any similar consumer complaints in South Korea, they said.
Takata last month agreed to pay as much as $650 million to settle claims in 44 states and the District of Columbia for defective airbags that can explode in car crashes, sending metal shards flying. The company has recalled millions of airbags, the largest in history, that had been linked to the deaths and spurred lawsuits leading to more than $1 billion in settlements from automakers including Honda Motor Co., Toyota Motor Corp., Subaru Corp., Mazda Motor Corp., Nissan Motor Co. and BMW AG.
Last week, U.S. consumers filed class-action complaints in Miami federal court to recover costs against units of General Motors and Volkswagen as well as Daimler AG's Mercedes-Benz and Fiat Chrysler. The complaints allege that the automakers deceived the public about the defects and associated dangers.
— With assistance by Christie Smythe, Steven Church, John Lippert, Sohee Kim, and Elisabeth Behrmann
In this July 3, 2018, image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page, a Thai boy smiles as a Thai Navy SEAL medic helps injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai, northern Thailand.
Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday more than a week after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand's Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared after they went exploring after a soccer game on June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday.
But risky conditions including volatile water levels, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous, especially for people with no experience of scuba gear.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday. "Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," they said.
They added that if the high water levels fell, the team would be taken out quickly.
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them, as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls.
The boys and their coach were trapped in the cave by a sudden influx of water.
More: Thai cave: Boys may have to scuba to safety – even those who can't swim
More: An illustrated look at the Thai cave rescue
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn, the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation, said Wednesday that "all 13 may not come out at the same time. If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100%, they can come out."
But Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys, such as locating alternative routes into the cave's network of narrow passageways.
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede. However, that approach could take months, as Thailand's monsoon season usually lasts through October. It's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change. The boys were located taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave's main entrance, and about half a mile below the surface.
Still, the boys and their coach reported that they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page.
The SEALs, including medics, are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks.
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave. While the boys are visibly thin, they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera. In the video, as a light is shone on each boy's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as "wai." A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams. One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow.
At one point in the video, the boys appear to laugh in response to what appears to be a joke made by a member of the rescue team.
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children. "It's like they have been given a new life," Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside the cave, told the Associated Press. They said she''ll never let their son go into a cave or near water again.
The longest time anyone has survived while trapped underground is 69 days, according to Guinness World Records. All 33 Chilean miners — known as the "33 of San Jose" — made it safely back to the surface via a rescue capsule after they were trapped 2,257 ft below the surface after the collapse of a mine near Copiapo, Chile, in August 2010.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Volunteers fold clothes at an emergency shelter on February 14, 2017 in Chico, California. Elijah Nouvelage / Getty Images
Margaret Johnston, of Oroville, said they were willing to take the risk at home.
“You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Johnston, who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico, California.
They said the rush to leave was “very frustrating” as they threw belongings into black garbage bags, loaded them into the car before quickly becoming trapped in bumper-to-bumper traffic.
Rod Remocal, who fled their home on Sunday, said they were going to leave the shelter but would be at the ready for another notice to evacuate.
“This time we're going to be on call like they said,” Remocal said.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Heat? Humidity? Be smart and you can still work toward your goals. – By Kristen Dold
Beers, burgers, and food markets aren't the only things that might weigh you down this summer: sweltering weather can make even a short run feel like a trudge through mud. As the sun beats down, your core temperature shoots up, sending blood away from muscles to the surface of skin to help
heat dissipate.
RELATED: 6 Mouth-Watering Post-Run Burgers
It's uncomfortable, but science says training in the heat is worth the trouble: hot-weather workouts teach your body to sweat more (which keeps you cool), increase your blood-plasma volume (which benefits cardiovascular fitness), and lower your core body temp – all adaptations that help you perform better in any weather.
RELATED: 6 Things Doctors Wish You Knew About Running In The Heat
But how hot is too hot? “I tell people to use caution when it's more than 27 degrees out – or 32, if you're heat-acclimatised. And if the humidity is high, you need to make even more adjustments,” says Dr Douglas Casa, head of the University of Connecticut's Korey Stringer Institute, which studies enhancing performance in heat. Follow these specific tweaks, depending on what you're training for.
GOAL: Autumn marathon
If you've pencilled in a long run and starting at 4 or 5am isn't an option, make sure you've had a solid night's rest, which enhances heat tolerance, says Casa. Avoid out-and-back routes (which don't give you the option to bail), and tweak your expectations: “Many of us are around 10 per cent slower in the heat,” says Casa. Try running for time instead of distance on super-hot days: if a 30km normally takes you three hours, run for three hours at the same effort level.
GOAL: Summer evening 5-K series
Prep for post-work races by packing hydrating fruit and veggie snacks (like carrots, cucumbers, strawberries, and spanspek) to nosh on throughout the day. And chill a buff to wrap around your neck during the run: a recent study found that such cooling tactics during a race are more effective than pre-cooling strategies when it comes to boosting performance in the heat.
RELATED: 8 Ways To Keep Cool This Summer!
You'll also want to halve your standard warm-up to avoid overheating, says running coach Ben Rosario. So if you typically jog for 10 minutes and do dynamic stretches for 10 minutes pre-race, do each for five instead – your muscles warm up more quickly in hot conditions. Set goals depending on how the elements look that day.
One idea is to focus on place instead of time: if you know you're among the top 50 in a given race on a cooler day, shoot for the same approximate place when it's hot.
GOAL: Sprint triathlon
Stay flexible as you cross off your two or three swimming, cycling, and running workouts per week: “We ensure we're swimming in the heat of the day and running and biking when it's cooler, and we'll pick cycling routes that pass petrol stations for ice to put in jerseys and sports bras,” says Jeff Bowman, owner and coach at Rev Tri Coaching. During warm workouts, experiment with hydration to find the right balance of fluids and electrolytes for your needs, and practise drinking on the bike and on the run.
When there's a heat advisory, Bowman's athletes move running and cycling workouts indoors, where they can put in an intense effort with workouts such as the compound brick: “It's pretty common for us to have to train inside – we'll do run/bike/run/bike/run/bike (or vice versa) and increase the intensity each subsequent run/bike block,” they say. “But we make sure there's air conditioning, fans directed at your face and body, and cool fluids.”
GOAL: Running for fun and fitness
If the weather's taking the life out of your workout, change plans: join a spinning class, pop in a workout DVD, or go for an aqua-jog. As long as you're clocking at least three moderate to tough runs weekly (inside or outside), for at least half of your usual weekly volume, you'll maintain base fitness and be able to ease back into your normal schedule as the days become more tolerable.
When you're enduring hot temps, trade heat-radiating roads and pavements for dirt or grass; run shaded loops where you can replenish water and ice; and go by feel instead of pace.
Try RW US Art Director Erin Benner's workout for steamy days: grab a noodle, jog 10 to 15 minutes to your local pool, then remove your shoes and jump in. Spend 15 to 20 minutes aqua-jogging with the noodle looped under your 'pits, then put your shoes on and jog home. Apply anti-chafing balm pre-run to avoid post-pool discomfort.
TORONTO (AP) Tyler Bozak scored 1:37 into overtime to cap Toronto's comeback from two goals down in the second period, and the Maple Leafs beat the Washington Capitals 4-3 Monday night to take a 2-1 lead in the first-round series.
Auston Matthews and Nazem Kadri each had a goal and an assist, and William Nylander also scored for Toronto. Frederik Andersen made 23 saves.
Toronto trailed 2-0 in the first period, and then 3-1 early in the second before Kadri and Nylander scored 4:07 apart late to tie the score in the final minute of the period.
Alex Ovechkin, Nicklas Backstrom and Evgeny Kuznetsov all scored for the Presidents' Trophy-winning Capitals. Braden Holtby stopped 24 shots.
All three games so far have been decided in overtime.
Game 4 is Wednesday night.
Can't forget Barbara Bush's
remarks on Katrina evacuees
Re: “Fresno State professor calls Barbara Bush ‘amazing racist' ” (Page A4, April 19):
I fully support Professor Randa Jarrar's comments on Barbara Bush and have never understood the adulation of this shallow, elitist woman who was totally out of touch with 99 percent of the population and had zero compassion for the poor.
Who can forget their comments when touring the Houston Astrodome complex after Katrina where evacuees were being housed: “What I'm hearing, which is sort of scary, is they all want to stay in Texas. And so many of the people in the arena here, you know, were underprivileged anyway so this is working very well for them.”
Related Articles Letter: Judge Aaron Persky recall won't undermine confidence in judiciary
Letter: Why isn't Trump saying ‘go ahead and knock yourselves out' in Mueller probe?
Letter: Housing crisis will require many ideas, collaboration
Letter: The lowest cost earthquake ‘insurance' money can buy
Letter: This is the untold story of Judge Aaron Persky recall And let's not forget their pride in their war criminal son who can't travel abroad for fear of being arrested. What an obscene family.
Jayne Thomas
Richmond
Submit your letter to the editor via this form
Read more Letters to the Editor
This could ripple through the industry, from Apple to Amazon.
LG Display Co.'s first operating loss in six years came amid a decline in panel prices. That's only half the story.
Deficits at the operating and income levels weren't a complete surprise -- analysts had been trimming their forecasts over the past few weeks and were starting to predict a loss at the South Korean firm.
That drop in flat-panel prices, to the lowest in seven quarters, is one root cause.
No Pricing Power Display prices fell to the lowest in seven quarters Source: LG Display
Yet looking closer, we can see that LG Display has in the past managed to turn a profit even when it was selling panels for less money.
In the second quarter of 2016, for example, it sold panels at an average $504 per square meter and managed to generate a 44 billion won ($41 million) operating profit. In the first quarter of this year, prices touched $522, but LG Display posted a 98 billion won operating loss.
In the Red LG Display wasn't able to keep its head above water in the March quarter Source: Bloomberg
The difference comes from costs, and that shift looks structural. General expenses have ballooned, which is a line item that could be trimmed. Research and development, though, is also on the rise and is an area LG Display can't afford to skimp on as it tries to keep up with rivals such as Samsung Electronics Co.
Cost Control General, as well as R&D expenses, have risen at LG Display Source: Bloomberg
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. sparked a plunge in tech stocks last week when it reported earnings and gave a weak second quarter outlook.
I argued at the time that the real concern should be that TSMC needs to spend more money -- on capital expenditure -- for lower sales growth. The same thing is playing out at LG Display, where R&D is a far larger cost component than depreciation.
LG Display is preparing to move into new technologies, including organic light-emitting diodes. A higher research spend is a necessary part of that development.
The breakeven price of panels has already climbed from around $500 per square meter in the second quarter of 2016 to approximately $550 in the most recent period.
If larger R&D budgets are baked into its cost base, then LG Display becomes the latest tech company to face the prospect of spending more money for less return -- first in chips, now in displays.
That's a structural change that could ripple through the industry -- from Apple Inc. to Amazon.com Inc. to Xiaomi Corp.
CLICK HERE if you are having a problem viewing these photos on a mobile device
As spring turns to summer, beer gardens increase in popularity. One of the better East Bay craft beer gardens can be found at 2-year-old Temescal Brewing in Oakland. There's both indoor and outdoor seating at this hot spot, but if the weather is nice, it may be hard to find a space on the patio, where it seems like the entire neighborhood gathers to relax with a pint and some food truck fare (which is available almost every day). On the day we visited, Sip and Slide was serving up delicious sliders, with fries and other bites.
There were 10 beers on tap over Mother's Day weekend and the beer garden was hopping with a neighborhood arts and crafts fair, as well as brewery goings on. Temescal's offerings skew towards highly drinkable, session beers in the 4 to 6 percent alcohol by volume range. If you like lighter beers, have the lager, the pilsner or the blonde ale. IPA lovers have three to choose from — the Business and Pleasure Tropical IPA was my favorite, with a balanced taste and a fruity aroma. For those who like a little more personality in their beer, try Through the Fog Scottish Ale or Close to Midnight Springtime Dark Ale, which is kind of like a less-roasty porter.
Pints are $6 to $7, and a taster set of four 5-ounce pours is $9. In addition to beer, the tasting room offers non-alcoholic fruit drinks, as well as — charmingly — chocolate milk. Kids and dogs are welcome.
Related Articles Brooks on Beer: A Speakeasy saison, an Anchor Brewing class and more
The Bay Area's 5 best German restaurants and beer gardens
Iconic Clydesdales return to Budweiser's North Bay brewery next week
Brooks on Beer: Cutting through the IPA haze Don't miss: The Lawn Flamingo Blonde was the most unusual of Temescal's offerings — a blonde ale with passionfruit and dragonfruit. The body is light, the alcohol is reasonable (5.5 percent ABV) and the fuchsia color portends something different. I found the beer a little sweet and somewhat acidic as well. What a great beer for a nice summer day!
Details: Open from 4 to 10 p.m. Tuesday-Thursday, 4 to 11 p.m. Fridays, 12-11 p.m. on Saturdays and 12-9 p.m. Sundays at 4115 Telegraph Ave. in Oakland; www.temescalbrewing.com.
For more food and drink coverage
follow us on Flipboard.
Imagine discovering that your loving parent is actually a genocidal monster. In the new book “Children of Nazis” (Arcade), out Tuesday, author Tania Crasnianski presents the people who were forced to face up to this terrible truth.
Some children of Nazi leaders such as Heinrich Himmler, Hermann Goring and Rudolf Hess couldn't stop loving their doting dads, spending their lives trying to repair their fathers' reputations, while others shunned all memory of their parent, knowing they could never accept their atrocities.
“The difference is due to the link they had with their fathers,” says Crasnianski. “Some, like Gudrun Himmler, were very close to their fathers, really in love with them. Niklas Frank's father, Hans, was very distant. The more you have distance, the easier it is to judge.”
Here's how Nazi offspring dealt with their family's hellish histories.
Hans Frank
FAMOUS FOR: Lawyer for Hitler and the Nazi Party; governor-general of the occupied Polish territories. Arrested May 4, 1945. Executed by hanging on Oct. 16, 1946.
SON: Niklas Frank, born to Brigitte Frank on March 9, 1939
Niklas Frank was 4 years old the first time they saw children their age — their clothing soiled and torn, bones protruding from their rib cages — imprisoned in a concentration camp in Krakow. Their mother had the two of them driven there in their black Mercedes so they could buy corsets.
“No one makes better corsets than the Jews in the ghetto,” they said.
They learned of their father's role in all this, including the gassing of nearly 2 million Jews, after the war, and immediately understood the evil of their father's actions. This might have been because their parents were cold and distant and sometimes violent. They nicknamed them “Fremde,” which means “stranger.”
Niklas became a journalist, serving as an editor at Playboy, writing several books about their hatred for their family, and working at Germany's Stern magazine for 20 years.
They believe their father was driven by “greed and fanatical ambition” and would have murdered whomever Hitler asked them to. They still carry a picture of their father everywhere they go. When asked why, they reply, “I am pleased by what the picture shows:  They are dead.”
Crasnianski shares that Niklas, who lives with their wife just north of Hamburg and still writes and gives public talks, once wrote that every year, “on the anniversary of their father's death, they masturbate under their father's portrait or imagines themselves dissecting him.”
Hermann Göring
FAMOUS FOR: Commander in chief of the Luftwaffe (Nazi Air Force); creator of the Gestapo; Hitler's second-in-command during World War II. Arrested May 8, 1945. Committed suicide by cyanide pill, Oct. 15, 1946, several hours before their scheduled execution.
DAUGHTER: Edda Göring. Born to Emmy Goring on June 2, 1938.
Edda Göring was practically German royalty when they were born. Them father's fame as a decorated WWI pilot and their renown as a Nazi leader was so great that a picture of Edda in their arms (inset) sold millions of copies at the time. They grew up surrounded by privilege in an “extravagant home” with a cinema, pool and gymnasium — and priceless art pilfered from Jews on every wall.
The life of luxury ended on Jan. 31, 1945. With the Russian army advancing, Edda and their mother fled to the safety of the German/Austrian border, eventually moving into a small Munich apartment they shared until Emmy's death in 1973. The apartment became a shrine to Göring.
Edda never believed their father's guilt, once saying, “My father was not a fanatic. You could see the peacefulness in their eyes . . . I loved them very much, and you could see they loved me.”
They became a nurse in Wiesbaden, Germany and had occasional involvement with far-right or neo-Nazi groups.
“In 2015, at the age of 76, they filed suit against the Bavarian parliament to return some of their father's property that had been confiscated after the war,” writes Crasnianski. “Her suit was immediately rejected.”
Now 79 and living in Munich, the never-married Edda considers their last name “a source of pride,” and has never lost their deep sense of privilege and entitlement.
Martin Bormann
FAMOUS FOR: Hitler's private secretary and head of the Nazis' home office. Died, mostly likely of suicide, in May 1945 (identity of their body not confirmed until 1972).
SON: Martin Adolf Bormann Jr. Born to Gerda Bormann on April 14, 1930.
Martin Adolf Bormann Jr. was Adolf Hitler's first godson. Their father, as Hitler's secretary, controlled all communication to the Nazi leader, making them extraordinarily powerful in Nazi circles.
The elder Bormann was “extremely severe” with their son, and Crasnianski writes that there was “no connection or human warmth” between them.
“Once, when Martin Adolf saluted the Fuhrer with a ‘Heil Hitler,' their father slapped him; the custom when addressing Hitler directly was to say, ‘Heil, mein Fuhrer.' ”
Martin Adolf was 15 and at boarding school when the war ended. Their family having already fled, they went on the run and was taken in by an Austrian farmer who raised them as a Christian. As revelations about Nazi actions during the war came to light, they contrasted with their new Christian teachings. They realized that everything he'd learned about humanity and morality had been wrong.
Martin Adolf never publicly condemned their father, believing only God can judge, and entered a Jesuit seminary in 1948. They were ordained a priest in 1958.
They were injured in a car accident in 1971. When they awoke in the hospital, they fell immediately in love with their nurse. They were married later that year, and both became religious instructors. Martin Adolf retired in 1992 and died on March 11, 2013.
Josef Mengele
FAMOUS FOR: “The Angel of Death.” SS officer responsible for horrific “experiments” on concentration-camp prisoners. Escaped to Argentina in 1949, wound up in Brazil. Drowned off Brazilian coast in 1979.
SON: Rolf Mengele, born to Irene Schoenbein in March 1944.
Being just a year old when the war ended, young Rolf Mengele didn't know their father, growing up in a loving home with their grandparents, mother and step-father instead. They were told their father was dead. Learning the truth at 16 was an unhappy revelation for him. Their father made attempts to bond with them through letters, even writing and illustrating a children's book for him, but to no avail.
But while Rolf was clearly opposed to their father's beliefs and actions, they felt a kinship and sought to know them better.
As Josef Mengele was a prime target for Nazi hunters, Rolf spent five years arranging their two-week-long 1977 visit to Brazil. Traveling under a stolen passport, Rolf's motivation, Crasnianski writes, was to “try to understand how this man, their own father, could have actively participated in the vast Nazi death machine.”
Soon after they arrived, Rolf broached the topic of Auschwitz. The elderly Mengele was defensive, denying any responsibility for the atrocities, though they did admit to participating in the nightmare “experiments” Jews were subjected to.
“What was I supposed to do with these people?” they asked. “They were sick and half-dead when they arrived.” They claimed that “his job was only to determine who was fit to work,” and that “he guesses they saved the lives of several thousand people.”
Rolf never revealed their location, saying it was “impossible to betray their father.” Still, their feelings about the man hadn't changed.
“I didn't even bother to listen to them or think of their ideas. I simply rejected everything they presented,” Rolf said. “I will never understand how human beings could do those things. That my father was one of them doesn't change my opinion.”
They abandoned the “Mengele” name in the 1980s, taking their wife's last name instead to spare their children the burden. They live in Freiburg, Germany, where they work as an attorney.
Rudolf Hess
FAMOUS FOR: Deputy Fuhrer until 1941 — the year they were arrested in England after a rogue mission there. Remained imprisoned until their suicide by hanging on Aug. 17, 1987.
SON: Wolf Rudiger Hess. Born to Ilse Hess on Nov. 18, 1937.
Wolf was only 3 1/2 when their father was arrested in England. They communicated with them over the years by letter, even learning chess from him, and always believed their father's innocence.
In 1959, they rejected compulsory military service by arguing that their father was imprisoned for creating that very draft, which was regarded as “an act against peace.”
They eventually won their case as a conscientious objector and became a civil engineer. But their mission to defend their father was just getting started.
“Wolf created the Committee to Free Rudolf Hess and launched a petition that was signed by more than 350,000 people, including two former presidents of West Germany [and] two Nobel Prize winners.”
Wolf “dedicated their life to their father,” writing three books about him: “My Father Rudolf Hess” (1986), “Who Murdered My Father, Rudolf Hess?” (1989), and “Rudolf Hess: No Regrets” (1994). When asked about their life, they would reply, “I never had time for myself: I spent all my free time on my father.”
They believed until the end that their father was assassinated by the British, even forming an organization in 1988 dedicated to promoting this theory. They had three sons, the first of which, also named Wolf, was born on Hitler's birthday.
Wolf died from kidney failure in October 2001.
Heinrich Himmler
FAMOUS FOR: Developing the SS and concentration camps. Arrested May 21, 1945. Committed suicide by cyanide capsule May 23, 1945.
DAUGHTER: Gudrun Himmler. Born to Margarete Himmler on Aug. 8, 1929.
The SS chief's daughter has fond memories of accompanying their father to Dachau, the first Nazi concentration camp and Himmler's brainchild. While they saw their father's “prisoners,” all “unshaven and poorly clothed,” they had greater interest in the camp's vegetable garden, as it reminded them of their childhood farm.
They watched their father rise through the Nazi ranks with pride, calling Adolf Hitler “Uncle Hitler,” who gave them a doll and chocolates every New Year.
Convinced of their father's innocence, they remained their biggest fan after the war, making it their goal to “exonerate their father's reputation.
Them apartment on the outskirts of Munich became “a veritable museum to the glory of their father,” and they dedicated their life to cherishing their memory.
In 1951, they joined a group in Germany dedicated to assisting Nazi soldiers and formed a similar group of their own the following year, called Viking Youth, modeled after the original Nazi Youth. “The group was banned in Germany in 1994,” Crasnianski writes.
Still, Gudrun, now 88, has spent much of their life as a “militant” advocate for far-right causes in Germany. They married a Bavarian civil servant and Nazi sympathizer in the 1960s. They live in a suburb of Munich and have two children.
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — Saudi Arabia announced on Monday it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom for the first time in more than 35 years.
Movie theaters were shut down in the 1980s during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country. Many of Saudi Arabia's clerics view Western movies and even Arabic films made in Egypt as sinful.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has recently backed reforms including lifting a ban on women driving and bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment. The 32-year-old heir to the throne has also sought ways to boost local spending and create jobs amid lower oil prices.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM SEPT. 26: Saudi Arabia to End Ban on Women Drivers 1:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According to Monday's announcement, a resolution was passed paving the way for licenses to be granted to commercial movie theaters, with the first cinemas expected to open in March 2018.
Saudi filmmakers and movie buffs have been able to circumvent traditional censors by streaming movies online and watching films on satellite TV. Many also travel to neighboring countries like Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to go to movie theaters.
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Fayez Nureldine / AFP - Getty Images
It was not immediately clear if movie theaters would have family-only sections, segregating women and families from the male-only audience. Another unknown was whether most major Hollywood, Bollywood and Arabic movie releases would be shown in theaters and how heavily edited the content will be.
The Ministry of Culture and Information did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The government says it will announce regulations in the coming weeks.
The kingdom says there will be 300 cinemas with around 2,000 screens built in the country by 2030.
Leinster Senior League outfit Crumlin United will get a crack at Airtiricty League Premier Division heavyweights Dundalk in the second round of the FAI Cup, while Shamrock Rovers and Shelbourne are set to clash at Tolka Park.
The draw was made exclusively live on Soccer Republic and gave the Dubliners another meeting with Stephen Kenny's men. Twelve months ago they met in the third round, the Lilywhites cruising into the quarter-finals with a 5-0 win.
Dundalk trounced Derry City 4-0 to set up a clash with Crumlin, who dumped out First Division strugglers Wexford.
Elsewhere Shamrock Rovers will travel to Tolka for a Dublin derby against Shels, conquerors of Waterford in the first round.
Rovers edged out Glenville in Tallaght and will be hoping for another good cup run having booked their place in the EA Sports Cup decider.
Holders Cork City host Athlone, who are above only Wexford in the First Division. The Leesiders beat Bray 1-0 at the Carlisle Grounds on Saturday, while Athlone hammered Ballincollig 5-0.
St Pat's and Galway United meet in Inchicore, with Limerick's match-up against Finn Harps the only other all-Premier Division fixture.
Longford Town's reward for their shock victory against Sligo Rovers is a trip to non-league Bangor Celtic, Drogheda United face Cobh Wanderers at United Park and Bluebell United take on Cabinteely.
All ties will be played on the week ending Sunday, 27 August, with times and dates to be confirmed.
FAI Cup second-round draw
Shelbourne v Shamrock Rvrs
Bangor Celtic v Longford Town
St Pat's v Galway Utd
Cork City v Athlone Town
Limerick v Finn Harps
Bluebell Utd v Cabinteely
Drogheda Utd v Cobh Wdrs
Crumlin Utd v Dundalk
As the deadline for the Malaysian general election draws closer, don't expect the local stock market to get more interest from investors who have been sitting on the sidelines.
Speculation about the timing of the election ramped up when the Star newspaper reported on March 15 that Prime Minister Najib Razak could dissolve parliament by end-March, paving the way for a poll that must be held within 60 days. The 14th general election must be held by August. The benchmark FTSE Bursa Malaysia KLCI Index has been trading range-bound since February.
Based on data from the past three of four poll periods, Malaysia's market swings were at less than 2 percent after the legislature was disbanded. The exception was a plunge in 2008, when elections coincided with the global financial crisis.
“We have been trading regionally except for Malaysia, where we've been fairly muted,” Geoffrey Ng of Fortress Capital Asset Management Sdn. said by phone from Kuala Lumpur. “If the market's quiet, there's less incentive to be active. Investors would only trade if they see movement in the market in terms of trend, momentum or news flow.”
They say it's a family business, but traditionally women in the Italian mafia were prison messengers or bargaining chips in dynastic marriages to create alliances between clans.
Now, as male mob bosses languish in jail, mafiosas are increasingly stepping up to head crime families – and getting caught in the process. After seven years behind bars, one such godmother – Maria Angela Di Trapani – was freed from prison in 2015 and for the past two years has allegedly been quietly moving up through the secretive, male-dominated ranks of Sicily's Cosa Nostra.
On Tuesday, the 49-year-old wife of notorious boss Salvino Madonia was among 25 people arrested in a sweeping Palermo raid, accused once again of mafia crimes, including orchestrating bold intimidation tactics to scare business owners into paying a feared mafia tax known as the pizzo.
They operate like a man
“She operates like a man,” mob bosses were recorded saying in prison about Di Trapani – the ultimate compliment in the man-of-honour hyper macho world of Cosa Nostra.
Investigators say one popular cake shop in Palermo paid euros 5,000 ($7,500) in extortion money. Another bar in a well-known central square paid euros 750 ($1,100) at Easter, and again at Christmas. A bustling pizzeria shelled out euros 3000 ($4,500).
“I'll never forget the look they gave me from their balcony when they called out to me, warning me to be careful what I said,” said one business person in Di Trapani's neighbourhood. “Her eyes were like ice.”
Businesses that didn't pay went to work the next morning to find their rolldown storefront gates superglued shut or set alight.
This apparent increase in equal opportunities is a sign the mob is weakening, said John Dickie, professor of Italian Studies at University College London and author of several bestselling books about organized crime.
It is actually a symptom of crisis that we are seeing more women in Cosa Nostra,” they say. “It is an attempt to shore up the organization in trouble, they are the avatars of the men – the wives and sisters of particularly fearsome or prestigious bosses, but they wouldn't be doing it if loads of men weren't in jail.”
It is an attempt to shore up the organization in trouble, they are the avatars of the men
A crackdown on organized crime over the last three decades has failed to take down the mafia, but has effectively put a generation of bosses behind bars.
Some of them are dying there, including two of the top Godfathers from the Corleone faction, Bernardo Provenzano, who died of cancer in 2016 while in a Milan prison, and Salvatore “Toto' Riina who died of cancer last month while imprisoned in Parma. The day after they died, Riina's daughter changed their Facebook profile picture to a woman with their finger to their lips and the message “shhh”.
Investigators said this week that Di Trapani was involved in a reshuffle between clans loyal to the Corleonesi in the wake of Riina's death.
There may be a travel advisory in place for Americans visiting Cuba, but diehard cruisers aren't listening.
In fact when American-based cruise lines began service to Cuba last year, they were inundated with bookings from excited passengers all anxious to visit Havana before, well, the ships ruined it.
Time seems to have stood still in Cuba since John F. Kennedy's 1962 embargo, yet the 42,426-square-mile Caribbean nation (about the size of Florida) is beginning to embrace the tourist trade with entrepreneurial fervor. And a lot of visitors are ferried in by these giant vessels bearing insignia from Norwegian to Royal Caribbean, with most itineraries featuring at least one overnight stop, if not two, in Havana.
I took Carnival's five-night trip from Tampa, stopping off in Key West before plowing ahead 97 miles due south to the Cuban capital.
Luckily, the port is positioned in the heart of Habana Vieja (old Havana), so it's an easy walk into the bustling streets, lined with bars and paladares, which are family-run eateries that have been springing up across the city, serving classic Cuban dishes like ropa vieja, tender pulled braised beef served with fresh, local vegetables. Horse-drawn carriages, pedicabs and the nation's trademark vintage cars — all imported before Fidel Castro took power in 1959 — await.
While cruises are a natural choice for multigenerational trips because of endless amenities and food, all-inclusive pricing and planned-out destination-hopping, Cuba may not seem a natural choice. Yet Cubans, who are extremely friendly and open, have a family-centric culture that makes visiting a joy. Havana is also a living history lesson, with lots of Spanish architecture and iconic sites such as the Plaza de la Revolucion, one of the world's biggest squares, which is emblazoned with the wrought-iron visages of Castro and Che Guevara.
Once in port, there are plenty of cruise-organized excursions that explore the sights and sounds of Cuba, where kids can join local musicians and dancers as well as take part in various community projects. Some families brought along supplies to distribute to local schools.
Carnival runs five-, six- and eight-night Caribbean cruises from Miami and Tampa on the Carnival Paradise and Carnival Sensation with a stop at Havana (two nights on the eight-day cruise). Prices start at $309, plus a $75 visa fee, per person. Travel must include a “people to people” element, usually fulfilled with one of the excursions.
Little critters will especially love the wild suburb of Jaimanitas, now known as Fusterlandia after Cuban artist José Fuster, who created it. For the past 30 years, Fuster has spearheaded a Dr. Seuss-like makeover of 80 houses, which are now plastered with tile mosaics and sculptures. The area is effectively a walk-through community art project. Kids who would baulk at a formal gallery or museum can touch and explore the madcap pieces, while artisan shops sell souvenirs to visitors out of small storefronts, including mosaics of Cuban street scenes, hand-carved wooden bowls and arty interpretations of Che Guevara.
Note that Cuban venues don't accept American credit cards or dollars. Cuban Convertible Pesos (1 CUC = 1 US dollar) can be purchased at the cruise port, local banks or hotels, usually with a 3 percent fee. (There's an additional 10 percent tax on US dollars, so 13 percent, all told — so maybe take any euros or Canadian bucks you have lying around instead?)
Families on our cruise were also keen to explore the nation's unique link to author Ernest Hemingway. (What middle-school student hasn't read “The Old Man and the Sea”?) From 1940, they lived there for 20 years, and has achieved cult status in Cuba a result.
We drove to their house Finca Vigía (a k a “lookout estate”), nestled in the hilly area of San Francisco de Paula 9 miles outside the city, in an immaculate 1956 Chevy Bel Air, courtesy of Old Car Tours (from $50).
For $5, literary buffs can explore the lush, tropical grounds and look through the doors and windows at the mounted antelope heads, old-school typewriter and still-stocked bar. Sadly, since it's under renovation, you can't go inside.
Instead, we stopped at a tiny local roadside bar nearby to try a Coctel Vigía — the pineapple, rum and sugar cane drink that Hemingway invented (and yes, under-21s can get a virgin version). The ingredients are crushed through an old-fashioned, crank-operated wringer, which customers are encouraged to churn — turns out it's something of a workout, but the result is delicious.
Even though it's crowded, Havana is safe to explore without a guide. In the evening, the scene makes for lively strolling. For tired little ones, the pedicabs make for a fun mode of transport and cost the equivalent of a few dollars. The paladares' tables spill onto the winding cobblestoned streets and live Latin music fills the warm night air.
Oh, and the Cuban rum mojitos are delicious, plentiful and cheap. What more could you want?
The author was a guest of Carnival.
Why model Ashley Graham loves to walk around naked Ashley Graham is ditching hubby Justin Hervin on Valentine's Day to walk Sports Illustrated Swimsuit's red carpet — but don't worry, they're keeping the spark alive. “We like to walk...
Model Ashley Graham debuts a denim line for curvy girls You were the first-ever curve model to grace the cover of Vogue and have been a champion of body positivity. Now you have a luxe new denim line with plus-size label...
People are slamming Victoria's Secret for lack of body diversity People are calling out Victoria's Secret's long-standing diversity problem. On Monday, the same day Victoria's Secret taped its fashion show, plus-size model Ashley Graham uploaded a doctored photo of herself...
Model Ashley Graham's swimsuits flatter every body type Ashley Graham is 30, flirty and thriving. The sexy supermodel opted for a Costa Rican getaway with their husband and seven besties to ring in the big 3-0. But her...
'This Is Us' star Chrissy Metz hosts TheCurvyCon First there was ComiCon. Then BeautyCon. And even DivaCon. Now we have TheCurvyCon — a conference dedicated to the $20 billion plus-sized apparel market. Hosted by “This Is Us” star...
“Revolution: Google and YouTube Changing the World” premieres Sunday, January 28th at 8:00 p.m. ET on MSNBC and will live stream here. Join the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag #REVOLUTIONSF.
Related: Google CEO Sundar Pichai says digital technology must empower workers, not alienate them
Artificial intelligence is a topic that has famously divided two other tech titans: Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk. The Facebook CEO has made the case that AI can improve lives, while Tesla founder Musk has warned we need to be cautious.
"I'm not personally scared," sad Wojcicki. "We live in a time of important technological change and we need to communicate what we're doing."
While embracing technological change is important, Pichai said the worries over whether AI can swoop in and steal human jobs is valid.
Not only will government need to play a role, they said, but it is also "going to be important to continuously train people." Whereas two or three decades ago, people would go to school and that would serve them through their careers, they said "that's not going to be the case any longer."
Logitech's POP Smart Button is getting HomeKit support, and its POP Smart Button Kit will be available in Apple's retail stores. The button supports a wide range of devices, so you can use it to control non-HomeKit gear, too.
The HomeKit-ready Pop Smart Button can control a device or scene with a push and support up to three gestures for different actions. The POP also supports Osram lighting, Hunter Douglas and Lutron blinds, August, Philips Hue, Logitech Harmony, and more outside of HomeKit.
The starter kit includes a POP button and hub, and supports as many buttons as you want to add. The kit and additional buttons will be available in Apple's stores and website soon.
Owners of the original POP Smart Button are getting a software update as well that adds support for more devices. It doesn't, however, add HomeKit support. For that you'll have to get the new POP button and hub kit.
Logitech offers POP in white, alloy, coral, and teal colors. The POP Smart Button Kit with a button and hub is priced at US$59.95, and additional buttons cost $39.95 each.
PARIS — Survivors and families of victims of the deadly 2015 attack on Paris' Bataclan concert hall have brought a case before France's administrative court to find out why French soldiers stationed nearby were ordered not to intervene when Islamic State gunmen stormed the venue.
The new procedure Wednesday seeks to expose who was responsible in the French government for the soldiers' actions. It comes one month after victims filed a legal complaint with the same goal.
During the attacks, eight soldiers standing near the Bataclan as part of an internal security operation were ordered not to use their weapons. The government later clarified the rules of engagement for its military in similar situations.
The attack on the Bataclan and other Paris venues on Nov. 13, 2015, killed 130 people and wounded hundreds.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Phil Cofer scored 11 of their 16 points in the second half, Terance Mann added 11 and made a key block leading to M.J. Walker's clinching dunk with 1 second remaining, and Florida State held off Louisville 80-76 on Saturday.
The Seminoles broke a 57-all tie with six unanswered points and ending with Cofer's 3-point play. Their lead stretched to eight a couple of times before they had to fight off the Cardinals' late charge that got them within 78-76 with 24.7 seconds remaining.
Mann's two missed free throws with 17.4 seconds left opened the door for Louisville, but they recovered to block V.J. King's shot 11 seconds later and lead to Walker's dunk that sealed the hard-fought win. FSU (17-6, 6-5 Atlantic Coast Conference) bounced back from its loss to Wake Forest to hand Louisville (16-7, 6-4) its second straight defeat.
Braian Angola had 13 points, Christ Koumadje 11, and Trent Forrest 10 for the Seminoles, who shot 52 percent after halftime to take control of a tight game featuring 11 lead changes and seven ties.
Deng Adel had 19 points and Quentin Snider 15 for the Cardinals, who lost their second in a row.
BIG PICTURE
Florida State: The Seminoles offset 40 percent first-half shooting by outrebounding the Cardinals 6-0 offensively, leading to a 9-0 advantage in second-chance points for a 39-38 lead at the break. They were even at 10 in paint points before taking control to win that category 34-24 and the boards 43-34.
Louisville: The Cardinals had their chances but shot 36 percent in the second half and missed several free throws down the stretch that could have closed the gap much sooner. Snider's five straight points got them within a basket with another opportunity to tie, but King's blocked attempt led to the clinching basket. Ray Spalding had 13 points and nine rebounds.
UP NEXT
Florida State hosts No. 2 and first-place Virginia on Wednesday, seeking its fourth win this season over a ranked foe.
Louisville hosts Syracuse on Monday night, seeking its fourth straight series victory over the Orange.
The dad who had three daughters abused by Nassar tries to attack the doctor in court
A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom Friday after a judge rejected their request to confront the “demon” in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted them with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court. They later apologized, saying they had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “no way” they would fine them or send them to jail under their contempt-of-court powers.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” the judge said.
Nonetheless, they added, it is “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
“I cannot tolerate or condone vigilantism or any other type of action that basically comes down to an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth,” Cunningham said.
RELATED: U.S. gymnastics doctor faces another sentence, victims return to court
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on their work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing. It follows a hearing last week where Nassar, 54, was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and their home.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says they were assaulted during Nassar's decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 per cent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after they listened to two of their daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said their parents were “filled with regret” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
RELATED: U.S. gymnastics doctor sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't,” they told Nassar. “The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
Them father then stepped up and asked the judge if they would grant them “five minutes in a locked room with this demon.” Cunningham declined and also turned down their request for “one minute.” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “use your words,” not violence.
“This is letting them have this power over us,” they said. “We cannot behave like this.”
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that they just snapped. They said they had not known what exactly their daughters were going to say about their abuse.
“I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking their head, no, like it didn't happen. … I'm embarrassed,” Margraves said of their conduct. “I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defence and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison in this case.
Outside court, Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who travelled from France to speak, said they were surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
“It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we've all gone through,” Vigogne said of Margraves' actions.
Sheriff Tom Reich said their officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said they had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks “unfortunate” and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is “really unfortunate” if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that their accusers' remarks “have pierced my soul.”
RELATED: Governor orders criminal probe of Texas gymnastics ranch
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the co-ordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said they were stepping down.
Nassar soon will be under three prison sentences. Their first, 60 years in a federal prison, was ordered in December for child pornography crimes.
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
There's so much to see and do this season across the state so TourismOhio is providing a central location to find all of the places where fa…
CANFIELD, Ohio (WYTV) – From the farm to your table, area farmers are getting ready for planting season.
Right now, the ground is wet but farmers don't think it will be too much of an issue.
At Angiuli's Farm Market, there are around 250 acres to farm.
“We are picking and choosing where we can plant our crops. Right now, this past weekend, we planted some red beets, peas, onions and first planting of sweet corn went into the ground,” said Carl Angiuli.
Crops should be ready to go by mid-July.
Farmers are also using the rest of the month to get things ready for May, when most of the planting happens.
“We're going to start by getting rid of some of the weeds in the field. We'll kill those off by spraying those, taking care of those. If you work ground or till, we'll work our way into planting, but usually, around here, it's the first week in May we really get going and planting,” said Wayne Greier of Greier AG Center.
Many people enjoyed the mild winter, but for farmers, a warm winter can lead to problems with disease pressure. They'll find that out after the temperatures warm up.
“Sometimes in the winter time, if we don't get the extra cold or freezing — the hard freezing — we've got to look into more insect pressure coming into the spring, more disease pressure. Those real hard, deep frosts kill a lot of the problems that we have so we won't know that until we get the fields worked and warmed, the soil warms up,” Greier said.
At Angiuli's, the family-run farm is ready for another season.
It has been close to nine months since a devastating fire there. The farm stayed open after the fire and will be in business this summer.
“We plan on putting a new market up. That's in the planning stages,” Angiuli said. “It will come here hopefully within this next year as the season progresses, and we decided the changes that we want to make to it.”
The head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, has proposed a new rule that restricts scientific research that can be used by the agency for its regulatory decisions.
The proposed rule only allows the use of studies that make all data publicly available for anyone to analyze. Pruitt proposed the new rule as a way to make the agency's decision-making more "transparent, objective and measurable."
"The American people ought to be able to have confidence, assurance, that the findings, the record that we build ... can be assessed, it can be evaluated, it can be analyzed," Pruitt said.
The Heartland Institute, a conservative think-tank, has commended Pruitt on the rule. "For decades, the EPA has improperly claimed massive power to regulate nearly every aspect of our economy and lives. It is long overdue that the EPA should make such data and collection methods available for public review and analysis," Tim Heulskamp, the think tank's president said in a statement.
But several scientific organizations have expressed concerns. "Our concern with this is they are quite literally limiting the best available science that can be used by the EPA," says Sean Gallagher, the senior government relations officer for the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
The EPA's regulatory decisions are often based on epidemiological studies looking at the potential health effects of pollutants, like pesticides and particulate matter. "Those studies involve people like you and me, signing confidentiality agreements that the scientists doing the studies won't reveal my personal health information, like my vital statistics, or my death certificate, if I die during the course of the study," says Gallagher. "This is the kind of science that the EPA relies on, whether it looks at chemicals or particulates and their mortality or health effects. It involves private data."
And this private data can't be made public, they say. And so, it limits the studies available to the agency for any decision-making, they add.
"It would not help make the science any more transparent," says Andrew Rosenberg, of the Union of Concerned Scientists, an advocacy group representing scientists.
When they proposed the new rule, Pruitt talked about a "replication crisis," referring to scientific studies that can't be reproduced. But that crisis applies more to the field of clinical trials, says Rosenberg, where new drugs are being tested for their efficacy.
"That's very different from what the EPA does," they add. The agency often relies on studies that involve long-term surveys of exposure to certain environmental pollutants and associated health effects. "What are you supposed to do? Go back in time in five years and redo the survey? That's really a false flag."
The new rule would only restrict the science used by the agency and limit the agency's ability to protect public health, they say. It could affect the agency's ability to protect the public from everything from air and water pollutants to household products.
"The scientific process is [already] incredibly transparent," says Gallagher. "It's evidence-based, it follows the facts where they go. It tries to root out bias."
"The agency should be able to use all good, peer reviewed, scrutinized studies," they add. "It shouldn't be limiting the science."
Republican Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore weighed in on the terror attack in Manhattan on Monday, vowing to back President Trump's tough stance against Islamic terrorists if elected.
“As we get news this morning of yet another radical Islamic terrorist attack, I am grateful that it appears no one was critically injured, and, as always, I am thankful for the quick action of law enforcement who have the suspect in custody,” Moore wrote on Twitter, hoping to generate some positive press for themselves by seizing on the bombing.
“This incident underscores the continued threats our nation faces from those who want nothing more than to destroy the freedoms we enjoy. I am committed to implementing the president's travel ban, putting an end to sanctuary cities, building the wall and making America safer,” they continued.
“In the United States Senate I will fight with President Trump for the increased safety of the American people and I will not mince words when it comes to calling out radical Islamic terrorism for the threat that it is.”
Moore, who has denied charges of sexual misconduct and assault from at least eight women, is facing Democrat Doug Jones in a special election Tuesday to fill the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Heart attacks and broken hips cause much suffering and worry as people grow older. This year, Medicare wants to start changing how it pays for treatment of these life-threatening conditions, to promote quality and contain costs. Beneficiaries and family members may notice a new approach.
Hospitals and doctors in dozens of communities selected for large-scale experiments on this front are already gearing up. The goal is to test the notion that better coordination among clinicians, hospitals, and rehab centers can head off complications, prevent avoidable hospital re-admissions and help patients achieve more stable and enduring recoveries. If results back that up, Medicare can adopt the changes nationwide.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments are the latest development in a big push under the Obama administration to reinvent Medicare, steering the program away from paying piecemeal for services, regardless of quality and cost. It's unclear whether Donald Trump as president will continue the pace of change, slow down or even hit pause.
Trump's Health and Human Services nominee, orthopedic-surgeon-turned-member of congress Tom Price, has expressed general concern that the doctor-patient relationship could be harmed by Medicare payment changes seeking to contain costs. And the Medicare division that designed the experiments — the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation — is itself under threat of being abolished because it was created by President Barack Obama's 2010 health care law.
Some outside groups, including AARP, worry that Medicare may be moving too fast and that focusing on cost containment could lead to beneficiaries being shortchanged on rehab care.
Innovation center director Patrick Conway, who also serves as Medicare's chief medical officer, is plowing ahead nonetheless. “Delivery system reform and paying for better care are bipartisan issues,” Conway said. And quality ranks ahead of cost savings in evaluating any results, they added.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments focus on traditional Medicare, which remains the choice of nearly 7 in 10 out of Medicare's 57 million beneficiaries. The cardiac experiment involves both heart bypass and heart attack patients. The trials join similar ongoing tests involving surgery for hip and knee replacement, as well as care for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
In the experiments, doctors, hospitals, and rehab centers get paid the regular Medicare rates. But hospitals are given responsibility for overall quality and cost, measured against benchmarks set by Medicare. If the hospital meets or exceeds the goals, it earns a financial bonus, which can be shared with other service providers. If the hospital falls short, it may have to pay the government money.
“Now your doctor and hospital are working together to make sure they are well coordinated,” said Conway.
Under the old system, if a patient was discharged from the hospital after a heart attack, “they might hand you a piece of paper that said please follow up with your primary care doctor,” Conway continued. “In this model, the hospital is going to have a strong incentive to make sure you follow up.”
Overall, about 168,000 Medicare beneficiaries are treated for heart attacks in a given year, while 48,000 undergo heart bypass surgery for clogged arteries and 109,000 have surgery for broken hips.
Around the country, hospitals in 98 metro areas will be involved in the cardiac experiment. The hip surgery experiment involves 67 areas that are also part of Medicare's ongoing test with hip and knee replacements.
Areas in the cardiac test include Boston, as well as Akron, Ohio; Charleston, South Carolina; Fort Collins, Colorado; Utica, New York; and Yuma, Arizona. A smaller group of communities will be involved in a related experiment that pays hospitals for coordinating rehab care for heart patients. Although the benefits of cardiac rehab are widely recognized, only a small share of patients receives it.
The hip fracture test includes the Miami, New York, and Los Angeles metro areas, as well as Austin, Texas; Bismarck, North Dakota; Flint, Michigan, and New Orleans.
Hospitals are not happy with the changes, though doctors have generally been supportive. A big concern for hospitals is that Medicare requires mandatory participation by all the facilities in areas selected for these tests. But Conway says that's likely to lead to even better results. The idea is that hospitals will watch each other's performance closely, and the ones that have room to improve will try to catch the high achievers.
RUTLAND, Vt. — A regional planning committee has refused to sign off on a proposed solar project in Rutland amid concerns over its visual impact on a neighbouring home.
The Rutland Herald reports the commission refused to endorse one of the three 500-kilowatt projects proposed near Thomas Dairy after resident Eileen Coughlin complained because it would have a negative effect on the esthetics of their nearby home.
Rutland Regional Planning Commission executive director Ed Bove said Monday that Coughlin used photo simulations to make them case.
Select Board Chairman Josh Terenzini said Monday the town was glad the regional commission “had hit the pause button” on the project because of the visual impacts.
Developer Triland Partners of New Hampshire has been invited to a Tuesday meeting to discuss the project.
Image copyright Liverpool Echo Image caption The CPS said Nigel and Nicola Mungur "fell short of their duty"
Two married police officers stole confidential data about car crashes and sold it to claim firms for £363,000.
Nigel Mungur, 40, was jailed for five years, while their 37-year-old wife Nicola received a 12-month conditional discharge at Chester Crown Court.
The Lancashire Police constables, of Haigh Road in the Waterloo area of Merseyside, were sacked in March 2016 for gross misconduct.
A third person, John Helton, received a two-year suspended prison sentence.
The data was used to cold-call people who had been in accidents, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said.
Confidential information
An investigation was launched by the force in 2014 after people complained they were getting calls from law firms when they had not given their details to anyone other than the police.
One man was contacted by a claims firm even before an officer had arrived to investigate their report.
Over a seven-year period, the CPS said Nigel Mungur accessed the data of individuals involved in road traffic collisions on 21,802 occasions and set up a firm to sell the data to claims companies.
When the company's licence was revoked in early 2009, they applied to set up another one and paid the registration fee with a cheque signed by their wife to avoid suspicion.
Helton, a contractor for a claims firm, was also involved as they would sell the data passed to them to the firm.
The information included the time, date and place of collisions and the personal details of people reporting incidents to the police.
'Reaped rewards'
Nigel Mungur pleaded guilty to misconduct in public office and conspiracy to convert criminal property and Nicola Mungur pleaded guilty to obtaining personal data.
Helton admitted conspiracy to convert criminal property and conspiracy to commit unauthorised access to a computer. They were sentenced to two years in prison, suspended for two years, and ordered to carry out 300 hours' unpaid work.
Richard Riley, from the CPS, said the couple "fell short of their duty".
"Nigel Mungur's greed led them to take the leading role in stealing confidential information held on a police database and sell it for profit," they said.
"Nicola Mungur was clearly aware of their husband's crimes and encouraged, connived and acquiesced in them by turning a blind eye and the pair reaped the financial rewards."
Donald Trump may be addicted to social media, but they still believe the only way to guarantee that a message is safe from prying eyes in the computer age is to deliver it by courier.
“It's very important. If you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier, the old-fashioned way. Because I'll tell you what, no computer is safe. I don't care what they say — no computer is safe,” the Twitter-loving president-elect told reporters over the holiday weekend.
They also touted the computer skills of their son Barron.
“I have a boy who's 10 years old. They can do anything with a computer. You want something to really go without detection, write it out and have it sent by courier,” Trump said.
The comments came after the president-elect was asked about charges by the Obama administration and the US intelligence community that Russia was behind the cyberattacks on the Democratic National Committee.
Trump has dismissed the notion that the Kremlin meddled in the presidential election to help them win.
Meanwhile, Sean Spicer, the incoming White House spokesperson, said Trump will continue tweeting directly to the public as president — bypassing much of the media.
“I think it freaks the mainstream media out that they have this following of over 45-plus million people that follow them on social media, that they can have a direct conversation. They don't have to have it funneled through the media,” Spicer said.
“Business as usual is over, as I've said before. There's a new sheriff in town, and he's going to do things first and foremost for the American people.”
But they also promised that the media would have access to President Trump.
“Absolutely, we understand the importance” of press briefings, they said. “We'll use every tool possible. And absolutely, we'll sit down and make sure that on a daily basis the press is informed.”
Spicer also said the Obama administration may have gone too far in sanctions on Russia.
“One of the questions that we have is why the magnitude of this? I mean, you look at 35 people being expelled, two sites being closed down, the question is: Is that response in proportion to the actions taken? Maybe it was, maybe it wasn't, but you have to think about that,” Spicer said Sunday on ABC”s “This Week.”
There are any number of bubbles in financial assets right...
Bitcoin was trading at about $8,380 on Monday — less than half its highest price. That means there is only $8,380 more to go before bitcoin is fairly priced at $0.
This and all other crypto-assets are a confidence game. And people seem to be losing confidence that they are worth anything, which is understandable because they aren't worth anything.
In a January column, this was one of the bubbles I predicted would pop in 2018. And I hope I have had a little part in making that happen.
HONG KONG: Asian markets sank on Tuesday following sharp losses in New York as a massive data breach at Facebook fueled fears of a regulatory crackdown on the technology sector.The scandal at the social media giant come as investors fret over a possible increase in the rate of US interest rate hikes and Donald Trump steps up their protectionist rhetoric that has sparked talk of a global trade war.Reports said Cambridge Analytica, the analysis firm hired by Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, stole data from 50 million Facebook user profiles to help design software to predict and influence voters' choices.Stephen Innes, head of Asia-Pacific trading at OANDA, warned: “This security breach could end up being a significant turning point for the social media and network portal.”The news hammered tech giants with Facebook plunging 6.8 percent, while other household names were also hit — including Apple, Google-parent Alphabet and Netflix — by regulatory concerns.“The adults are starting to realize that the altruistic kids who started some of these tech behemoths are either unwilling or unable to deal with the fact that the companies they wrought and thought were a force for good can be manipulated by those who seek to do ill,” said Greg McKenna, chief market strategist at AxiTrader.The US losses filtered through to Asia, with Hong Kong-listed Internet giant Tencent and AAC Technologies sharply lower. Samsung retreated in Seoul, while Sony was one percent lower in Tokyo.On broader markets Japan's Nikkei went into the break more than one percent lower, while Hong Kong shed 0.6 percent and Sydney was off 0.5 percent.Shanghai dropped 0.3 percent, Singapore gave up 0.2 percent and Seoul retreated 0.4 percent, with Wellington, Manila, Taipei and Jakarta all sharply down.Investors are keeping a close watch on the Federal Reserve's policy meeting this week looking for clues about its timetable for tightening monetary policy. Opinion is split on the number of rate hikes it will likely announce this year, with some forecasting three and others saying four.Market-watchers warn a G20 meeting of finance ministers in Argentina could also revive tensions on international trade after Trump unveiled their controversial tariffs this month.On currency markets the pound extended gains against the dollar after Britain and European Union leaders agreed a post-Brexit transition deal that will buy businesses and citizens time to adjust to life after the divorce.
Twenty years after its release, “Titanic” is still making waves. The blockbuster will be re-released in theaters on Friday, and the behind-the-camera memories from the notoriously overbudget and overschedule shoot,...
Ramos Law Firm attorney Chinny Law organized Georgia's Asian Pacific American Bar Association's Women's Leadership Network seminar on effective communication.
Atlanta, Georgia (PRUnderground) April 24th, 2018
Ramos Law Firm attorneys Bryan Ramos and Chinny Law are dedicated to helping injured workers in the state of Georgia navigate the workers' compensation system. Since the firm opened in 2005, the attorneys have recovered millions of dollars in benefits for their clients. Chinny Law also advocates for women's rights and recently led the Georgia Asian Pacific American Bar Association's ( GAPABA) Women's Leadership Network seminar titled “Communication With Impact.”
GAPABA was founded in 1993 to establish a support network for Asian Pacific American legal issues. It currently has 500 members across the state. At the organization's recent women's leadership conference, Law enlisted Marilyn Ringo, Speechworks Coach and former CNN anchor, to share guidance to help professional women communicate effectively.
Law graduated in the top of their class from John Marshall Law School. They earned an M.S. in Conflict Management and a B.S. in Political Science, both from Kennesaw State University. Prior to becoming an attorney, they worked as a workers' compensation paralegal and instructor at the university level. Law is a graduate of the Georgia Bar's prestigious Young Lawyers Division Leadership Academy and recipient of the Georgia Association of Women Lawyers Foundation Scholarship.  They are a first generation Filipino-American and was born and raised in Georgia.  They are an active student mentor and has volunteered for the Atlanta Volunteer Lawyers Foundation, Nicholas Shelter, and Augusta Wills Clinic.
Workers' comp lawyer Chinny Law said that it was an honor to be affiliated with the Women's Leadership Network event. The Network promotes inclusion, empowerment, and the advancement of female Asian American and Pacific Islanders in the legal profession.
“The Women's Leadership Network is dedicated to advocating, educating, mentoring, and developing leadership within our profession and the larger community,” said Law. “These issues are very important to me on a personal level, and I try to advance them in my efforts in the community.”
At Ramos Law Firm in Atlanta, Law and Ramos are committed to rigorously advocating for fair work injury benefits of employees hurt on the job. They believe in developing lasting relationships with their clients that continue well beyond the resolution of their legal cases. For more information, visit www.RamosLawFirm.com or call (404) 355-3431.
About Ramos Law Firm
Bryan Ramos began the Ramos Law Firm in April of 2005 to assist Georgia's injured workers. The firm's employees all take pride in understanding what their clients need and helping them get what they are entitled too pursuant to the Georgia Workers Compensation Act.
FORT VALLEY, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – The Georgia Bureau of Investigation is now looking into a sexual misconduct incident at Fort Valley State. This incident involves a former campus police officer and a female student.
The student's lawyer, Teresa Diponzio, filed a complaint of sexual assault with the Peach County Sheriff's Office on Monday.
- Advertisement -
A university official confirmed that the officer was fired after the complaint was made.
According to the report, the incident happened in January. This comes just one week after Alpha Kappa Alpha reported to us that they are investigating claims of sexual misconduct at Fort Valley State.
Peach County Sheriff Terry Deese says when the report was filed, the case was handed over to the GBI and the Peach County Sheriff's Office has not made any arrests related to the case at this time.
PHILADELPHIA — Police in Philadelphia have identified the body of a woman found strangled in a creek as a 21-year-old art student.
Police tell WPVI-TV a passerby found Kierra Johnson's body face-down Friday morning in Cobbs Creek.
Johnson was a student at the Hussian School of Art. They were last seen Thursday, and their family reported them missing the next day.
Police say the cause of death was strangulation.
The investigation is continuing. No arrests have been made.
No other details were released.
Want to receive this post in your inbox every afternoon? Sign up here.
Hope you're hungry: the theme of today's newsletter is food. Popeye's has discovered that everyone wants late-night fried chicken. (We could have told them these years ago.) After pushing all kinds of new beverages, Coca-Cola's greatest source of growth is still good 'ol soda. Starbucks is learning to love the drive-thru. And those contrarians in Silicon Valley aren't eating at all. —Josh Petri
Stocks tumbled as industrial and tech companies sent indexes lower. The Dow fell for a fifth day, the longest losing streak since March 2017, and the 10-year Treasury yield pierced 3 percent for the first time in four years.
French President Emmanuel Macron proposed negotiating a new deal with Iran to limit its nuclear program in a bid to keep the U.S. on board. U.S. President Donald Trump signaled White House physician Ronny Jackson should consider withdrawing their nomination as Veterans Affairs secretary, and called North Korea's Kim Jon Un "very honorable."
U.S. homebuyers are more likely to purchase new digs than at any time since the 2008 crash. They don't have a lot of choice: The supply of existing homes is at a record low.
The Permian basin is growing into the largest oil patch in the world. Output in West Texas and New Mexico is forecast to reach 3.18 million barrels a day in May.
Jeff Sessions won't recuse themselves from the criminal probe of Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, a switch from when the U.S. attorney general did step back in the broader special counsel inquiry into Russian interference with the 2016 election.
Fasting is taking off in Silicon Valley, with everyone from entrepreneurs to established executives touting the health and productivity benefits.
China's car revolution is going global as automakers launch models in European and U.S. markets. Other Chinese companies are buying up parts suppliers, programming autonomous technology, making batteries for the world's EV fleet and corralling supplies of the metals that give those batteries life.
NEW CASTLE, Pa. (WYTV) – Police are looking for the public's help in identifying a woman who was struck by a car and died late Sunday night.
According to a police report, the accident happened about 11:45 p.m. along Route 422, east of Edinburg Road in Mahoning Township.
Police said the woman was walking east on Route 422 when they were struck by a vehicle.
The victim is described as a white female in their mid-30s with should-length, straight red hair. They were wearing a black shirt, blue jeans, black shoes and white socks.
The police report did not list any charges for the driver so their name was withheld from this report.
Anyone with information on the victim's identity should call State Police in New Castle at (724) 598-2211.
Sears and Whirlpool split after 100-year relationship Sears will no longer sell Whirlpool appliances, ending a business relationship that dates back more than 100 years. In a note sent to its stores last week, Sears said Whirlpool...
Infomercial-king Ronco Brands is cooking up an IPO Ronco Brands, the household gadget maker made famous by Ron Popeil in late-night infomercials, is now pitching an entirely different deal — and it has nothing to do with the...
Your Samsung washing machine might blow up 'like a bomb' Samsung warned customers Wednesday about its washing machines after one blew up on a Georgia woman. The top-load machines in question were made between March 2011 and April of this...
'Test-drive' bathtubs you can't afford to buy People who say there's no place like home have obviously never been to Pirch — Soho's new upscale appliance store where customers can test out everything from bathtubs to 3D...
China's Haier buying GE's appliance unit for $5.4B BEIJING – Haier Group, the world's biggest home appliance maker, is buying General Electric Co.'s appliance business for $5.4 billion to expand its U.S. and global presence. The acquisition announced...
Devils defenseman Andy Greene scored the go-ahead goal on a power play and Kyle Palmieri converted on an odd-man rush with Taylor Hall to lead the Devils over the struggling Avalanche 3-2 on Tuesday night in Newark.
Cory Schneider made 28 saves and Pavel Zacha added a goal as New Jersey won for the fourth time in six games (4-1-1) in its push to make the playoffs.
Jeremy Smith stopped 37 shots in their NHL debut after seven seasons in the minor leagues. Recent waiver pickup Mark Barberio and Mikhail Grigorenko scored for Colorado, which has lost four straight and is 4-22-1 in its last 27 games.
The win was only the Devils' second against the Avalanche in 11 games.
Greene, who had their streak of 350 consecutive games played snapped on Jan. 6, scored their first goal since Dec. 3 with a shot from the left point. It came after Travis Zajac won a faceoff three seconds after Andreas Martinsen was penalized for hooking.
The goal at 8:55 of the second period was initially waived off because the officials thought Miles Wood interfered with Smith. The Devils challenged the call and the ruling was overturned after the replay showed the interference came after the puck was in the net.
Palmieri stretched the lead to 3-1 at 16:25 of the second period. They picked up a loose puck at center ice, sent it to Hall and then took a return pass in close for a shot into an open net.
Grigorenko cut it to 3-2 with 1:26 left in the period. Matt Duchene stole the puck in the Devils end and found the forward between the circles for their sixth goal.
Smith, who kept Colorado in the game, gave up a goal 2:04 after the opening faceoff.
A turnover in the Avalanche end set up Jacob Josefson for a shot from the right circle. Smith knocked it down with their glove and made a stop on a rebound in close by Stefan Noesen, but had no chance on a backhand by Zacha.
Barberio tied it with a power-play goal at 6:43 of the second. The former Montreal Canadiens player took a great cross-ice pass from Avalanche captain Gabriel Landeskog for a shot into an open net.
Devils defenseman Jon Merrill was activated and returned to the lineup after missing four games with an upper-body injury.
Ousted Fox News Channel star Bill O'Reilly has launched an experimental video comeback with a daily online show.
The initial half-hour was posted on their website Wednesday for premium subscribers, originating from what they called a "new prototype studio." They requested input from viewers for what they characterized as a "sneak preview."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Bill O'Reilly's firing and the women who made it happen 15:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
They said it would be made available to a non-paying audience on Thursday.
Among other topics, O'Reilly discussed President Trump's "fire and fury" comments about North Korea and a movement that calls for California to secede from the union. They spoke by Skype with political commentator Michael Smerconish.
Related: 'Hey, I Missed You,' Says O'Reilly in First Podcast
O'Reilly has produced a daily podcast, which this video startup apparently builds upon, since they were fired from Fox News in April in the wake of allegations of sexual harassment.
Temperatures are starting to warm up and before you know it, we'll be in the dog days of summer. Now is the time to make sure your air conditioning is working the way it should! Trent Morris from Outstanding Heating and Cooling tells you what you need to know before the first heat wave.
Advertisement
TORONTO -
Ontario's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year, despite claims it has balanced the budget.
In a new report Monday, the Financial Accountability Office said the Liberals will run a $4 billion deficit in 2017-2018, and will continue to be in the red over the next few years.
More moderate growth in revenues and the increasing fiscal impact of the province's Fair Hydro Plan, which cuts electricity rates by 25 per cent, will take their toll on Ontario's books the report notes. It also says a long-simmering accounting dispute between the Liberal government and Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk over how to count two public sector pension plans on the ledger is contributing to uncertainty.
“We've been very consistent that because of a number of factors we think the deficit will re-emerge,” said FAO chief economist David West. “Now, with this accounting debate it will become more significant.”
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring, a year ahead of the provincial election, and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years.The FAO, however, projects the government's budget deficit will grow to $9.8 billion in 2021-2022.
“The government is out borrowing this money,” West said. “This current year they're going to borrow $23 billion in the markets. That's going to rise to $45 billion in the coming years.”
The FAO also said the government's new hydro plan will add $3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-2022.
Last year Lysyk questioned the province's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet.
The FAO said in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor's recommended accounting for both the pension assets, and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan, it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government's fiscal projections.
The family of the alleged ISIS-inspired Port Authority bomber said they were “heartbroken” by the attack on Monday and blasted law enforcement agencies for what they claimed were heavy-handed tactics by investigators.
“We are heartbroken by the violence that was targeted at our city today and by the allegations being made against a member of our family,” said the statement read by Albert Fox Cahn, the Legal Director for the NY Chapter Council for Islamic Relations.
“But we're also outraged by the behavior of the law enforcement officials who held children as small as 4 years old out in the cold and who pulled a teenager out of high school classes to interrogate them without lawyer, without their parents.”
It was not immediately clear if the 4-year-old or the teenager were were related to the suspect.
The family continued to criticize the way the investigation was handled — even though the suspect, Akayed Ullah, allegedly launched a failed terror attack in a crowded city subway tunnel.
“These are not the sorts of actions we expect from our justice system,” the statement read.
“We have every confidence that our justice system will find the truth behind this attack and that we will in the end be able to learn what occurred today.”
Sergio Ramos says they do not expect to be fit for the first leg of Real Madrid's Copa del Rey tie with Sevilla at the Santiago Bernabeu.
The club captain is struggling with a muscle problem picked up during the Club World Cup last month and trained separately to the first team on Monday.
The centre-back confirmed at a charity event that they will not be available for the first meeting with Jorge Sampaoli's side in their last-16 encounter on Wednesday.
📷⚽️🏃
Check out some of the best photos from our first training session of the year at #RMCity!
Next up 👉 @SevillaFC_ENG!
#HalaMadrid pic.twitter.com/HQrSrncAoa — Real Madrid C.F. (@realmadriden) January 2, 2017
"I won't be able to play in the first game," they told the media.
Nacho is expected to deputise for Ramos at the heart of Zinedine Zidane's defence as they look to begin 2017 in winning fashion.
Ramos could also be rested for the league meeting with Granada on Saturday but it is hoped they wil be fit for the second leg against Sevilla on January 12.
Fresh Air Weekend highlights some of the best interviews and reviews from past weeks, and new program elements specially paced for weekends. Our weekend show emphasizes interviews with writers, filmmakers, actors and musicians, and often includes excerpts from live in-studio concerts. This week:
A Former Neo-Nazi Explains Why Hate Drew Him In — And How They Got Out: Christian Picciolini spent eight years as a member of a violent, white power skinhead group. They eventually withdrew and co-founded a nonprofit to help extremists disengage.
Girls Auto Clinic Owner: 'I Couldn't Find A Female Mechanic, So I Had To Learn': There was a time when Patrice Banks avoided taking their car in for routine maintenance. Now, she's a trained mechanic, and the owner of a garage that caters to women.
You can listen to the original interviews here:
A Former Neo-Nazi Explains Why Hate Drew Him In — And How They Got Out
Girls Auto Clinic Owner: 'I Couldn't Find A Female Mechanic, So I Had To Learn'
This is the crash from Sept. 23, 2017. Ofc Schweitzer's car is on the right, the civilian car is around the corner on the left. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - An officer with the Louisville Metro Police Department who was recently involved in a crash has been suspended for driving issues in the past.
Officer Blake Schweitzer was responding to a shooting Sept. 23 when they collided with a civilian's car near 16th and Muhammad Ali Blvd. in the Russell neighborhood.
Witnesses say their lights and sirens were not on.
WAVE 3 News obtained Schweitzer's personnel file, which includes several letters of Commendation.
But we also discovered a three-day, unpaid suspension from a crash in Sept. 2016. Police say their lights weren't on in that instance and they did not properly clear an intersection before turning and crashing into another car.
RELATED STORIES
+ After 2 police-involved crashes, LMPD talks response policy
+ LMPD officer involved in injury accident
+ 2 LMPD officers, 1 other injured in crash on Dixie Hwy
The investigation into the Sept. 23, 2017 crash is ongoing, according to LMPD.
Ofc. Schweitzer and the civilian driver were hurt in that crash, but police said at the time they were expected to be okay.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All Rights Reserved.
CLACKAMAS, Ore. – A black Oregon legislator says a constituent called the police because they looked “suspicious” while canvassing in their district.
Janelle Bynum, a state representative running for reelection in November, said they were going door to door in Clackamas on Tuesday when an officer from the Clackamas County Sheriff's Office showed up.
The officer, Bynum says, was called by a resident who thought Bynum was “suspicious.”
Bynum said the officer responded professionally and called the constituent.
“We talked and they did apologize. #letsbebetterneighbors,” Bynum said in a Facebook post.
Bynum said they don't know why the constituent contacted police.
“I can't get inside a person's head on what brings about fear in them," Bynum told KGW. "They were clearly concerned about something. I can look at any neighborhood because I've been to just about every neighborhood in my district, and I can tell you what their problems are. Crime wasn't one of them.”
Bynum shared a photo of themselves and the officer, smiling after the incident.
Bynum represents House District 51, which serves East Portland, Damascus, Gresham, Boring, Happy Valley and North Clackamas.  They are a business owner and mother of four who lives in Happy Valley, according to their campaign website. Them campaign priorities include school funding, small businesses and livable neighborhoods.
Portland City Council candidate Loretta Smith, who is friends with Bynum, said the two women have discussed teaming up to canvass together since their districts overlap and they often have to knock on doors alone.
"It's different for us and I think people don't understand how it's different for us how we campaign, how we raise money, how we serve,” they said.
Smith said Bynum's experience is unsettling, especially after Portland State University police shot and killed Jason Washington, a legally armed black man who witnesses say was trying to break up a fight near the college campus.
"I think we have the whole race talk and this is exactly a part of it," Smith said. "This coming on the heels of the shooting of Jason Washington, I think it's ‘here we go again.' We're wracked by these racial injustices in our backyard. I know Oregon can do better. I know Portland can do better.”
Bynum was not the only politician to experience constituents in Clackamas calling police. Joe Buck, a white Metro council candidate from Lake Oswego, said a constituent also called police when they were canvassing in Clackamas.
"Meeting constituents at the door is one of the best parts about serving and campaigning so it's a bummer when it makes people nervous to see ... uh... people walking on a sidewalk," Buck wrote in response to Bynum's Facebook post.
Watch: Bynum, other African-American lawmakers discuss experiences as women of color in elected office
John Tierney contributed to this report.
© 2018 KGW
"While Barton was busy perfecting their craft and turning their acting dreams into reality, their mother ... was secretly scheming to exploit Barton's bourgeoning career for their benefit," the suit states.
Preparation for the Giants' first playoff appearance in five years could wait.
Odell Beckham Jr. and the rest of the Giants receiving corps jetted to Miami on Sunday following the team's 19-10 win over the Redskins in the regular-season finale, ringing in both the New Year and the start of playoff season by clubbing and boating with several A-list celebrities.
Beckham, Victor Cruz, Sterling Shepard and Roger Lewis partied through the night at Liv night club in Miami Beach, with Justin Bieber, Johnny Manziel and rappers Trey Songz, Lil Wayne and Fabolous on hand according to TMZ and various social media posts.
Beckham was featured on Bieber's Instagram account, dancing and acknowledging the camera while the singer yells out “Happy New Year!” The Giants spent Monday morning sunbathing shirtless with Songz on a boat.
Look at them 😂😂 FOLLOW NEW PAGE @drewbieber ❤ A video posted by Justin Bieber (@justnbieber) on Jan 2, 2017 at 11:11am PST
The Giants have six days to prepare for a resurgent Packers squad in the NFC wild-card round after Green Bay won the NFC North by defeating the Lions 31-24 Sunday night. Coach Ben McAdoo's decision to give the players off on Mondays allowed Beckham and Co. the quick trip down south.
The Pro Bowl receiver, who showed how much he's grown over the course of the season by the way they handled cornerback Josh Norman's jabs on Sunday, is set to make the first playoff appearance of their three-year career.
“I want to know how to be a better football player, I want to know what you can and can't do, what's the consequences [are] of this or that,'' Beckham said Sunday. “I'm really trying to learn, especially going into the playoffs, I don't care about any foolishness or any of that other stuff that goes on outside of those lines.''
Image copyright Getty Images
Parent groups have only been behind about one in five of the free schools that have been opened, say researchers.
The flagship policy, launched under the coalition government, was meant to bring innovation and more parental choice to schools in England.
But Sir Peter Lampl, chairperson of the Sutton Trust, which carried out the free school study, said "very few are fulfilling that original purpose".
The Department for Education said free schools were raising standards.
The study, from the Sutton Trust social mobility charity and the National Foundation for Educational Research, says new free schools are now much more likely to be created by expanding academy trusts.
'Distinctive mission'
Free schools, the first of which opened in 2011, operate outside of local authority networks and were intended to be an innovative response to the demands of local parents.
The study examined more than 300 created until autumn 2017.
Initially, about 40% were opened with parent groups - but since 2015, that has fallen to below 20% at secondary level. In primary and all-through schools - those that teach youngsters of all ages - it is down to just 4%.
"In reality, the free school programme has been a vehicle by which new schools are opened by academy chains," says the study.
Since 2015, almost four in five of the new free schools have been set up by academy trusts.
They are also less likely to have a "distinctive mission" than other schools - and the report says the government needs to explain what it now sees as the purpose of free schools.
The analysis also found:
At secondary level, pupils at free schools perform slightly better
They have "largely been set up in areas with a need for more school places"
Free schools have a higher proportion of ethnic minority pupils compared with other school types in their local catchment areas
In secondary schools, the over-representation of ethnic minority pupils is driven by faith free schools
There has been a growth in non-Christian faith schools, such as Muslim, Jewish and Sikh
They have a slightly lower proportion of disadvantaged pupils, but poorer pupils in free schools do better than their peers in other schools
The report says that if free schools are now very likely to be part of academy chains, with few other distinctive features, there needs to be more clarity about how they are funded and supervised and to make sure they represent "value for public money".
There had been a presumption that all new schools would have to be free schools.
But this effective monopoly could change, as the Education Secretary Damian Hinds has announced that councils could open new faith schools, classified as "voluntary aided" rather than free.
The next wave of about 35 free schools is going to be directed towards the lowest-performing areas of England, particularly the North East.
Toby Young, founder of the West London Free School, said that even though this might be seen as a critical report, it showed that free schools were serving deprived and ethnic minority pupils.
"Turns out, these schools are not just benefiting middle-class children," they added.
"But most strikingly of all, the report found that children from deprived backgrounds at free schools do much better than their counterparts at other types of school. To be precise, disadvantaged pupils get higher grades in three out of eight GCSEs."
'Smoke and mirrors'
Carole Willis, chief executive of the National Foundation for Educational Research, said: "The government's free schools programme has not been very successful at bringing innovation to the education system and encouraging more parents and teachers to set up new schools".
"If the government is still committed to the programme's original purpose then it should review and clarify the mission of free schools."
Kevin Courtney, co-leader of the National Education Union, said the free school programme had so far cost £3.6bn, and the report showed the "notion of increased parental choice" had been "simply smoke and mirrors".
Mark Lehain, the interim director of the New Schools Network - which promotes the opening of free schools - said: "As a parent and founder of a free school, I know how much the policy has allowed local communities to get the schools they want.
"Free schools are still the best way for innovation to flourish and voices of the community to be heard."
The Department for Education said that free schools were part of its efforts to raise standards - and that 84% of those inspected were rated either good or outstanding.
A department spokesperson said that many free schools were serving pupils in England's most deprived areas.
Housed in the recently opened Engineering Research Center, the Brown Brain Fair welcomed more than 800 attendees to learn more about brain sciences Saturday. Organized by the nonprofit Cure Alliance for Mental Illness, the event was part of the third annual Brain Week Rhode Island, which aims to raise awareness about the “progress and benefits” of brain science, according to the organization's website.
Victoria Heimer-McGinn, a post-doctoral fellow at Providence College whose father founded the nonprofit, created Brain Week Rhode Island to showcase the types of brain research occurring in the state and to educate people about what scientists have learned about the brain in recent years. The program also came out of “a desire to make brain research accessible and fun to the public,” they added.
The week-long series of events sponsored by the Brown Institute for Brain Science and the University of Rhode Island George and Ann Ryan Institute for Neuroscience included dance workshops for the movement impaired, displays showcasing brain-inspired art, a storytelling event focused on experiences with science and two brain fairs with dozens of interactive exhibits on brain research, advocacy and mental illness.
“We're sneaking in the teaching of science through fun stuff, ” Heimer-McGinn said.
Throughout the week, an “army of neuroscientists” traveled to Rhode Island high schools with preserved human brains to teach students about the complex workings of the organ, according to Heimer-McGinn.
The Brown and URI Brain Fairs capped off the week of events. “Brain science, most people think, is just neuroscience, but there's a lot of cognitive science involved, and engineering too,” said Anna Xu '18, one of the organizers of the University fair and head coordinator of the neuroscience outreach group Brown Brain Bee said. “We've really tried this year to make sure that we had a lot of disciplines coming together.”
Assistant Professor of Neuroscience and of Psychiatry and Human Behavior Theresa Desrochers organized one of the booths at the University fair. The busy exhibit allowed attendees to see the effects of trauma on tofu, which according to Desrochers, is very close to the consistency of the human brain. “I think people in general are really surprised at what the consistency of the brain is actually like. People have really learned a lot about why (protecting your brain) is an important topic,” they said.
At the fair, there was also a spotlight on the activism around brain diseases and related technological advances, Xu said.
The fair's target audience spanned a wide range of ages, with an emphasis on making the event family friendly, said Dorothy Yam '19, another organizer of the fair and head coordinator of Brown Brain Bee.
“Rhode Island is making neuroscience one of the cornerstones of its economy, so it's pretty exciting to see how (the brain fair) is placed in the greater Rhode Island community,” Yam added. “It's exciting to have Brown be a part of that. Although we are a private institution, we want to make sure we reach out to the community, and through neuroscience, there's a way to do that.”
Last year, about 3,500 people attended the week's events, with about 800 coming to the Brown Brain Fair, up from 1,500 people and 600, respectively, during the inaugural year, Heimer-McGinn said. This year, they expect the numbers to grow.
Bondsman accused of offering bail in exchange for sex RICHMOND, Va. — A Virginia bail bondsman is facing charges after police say they offered to bail women out of jail in exchange for sex. Media outlets report that 60-year-old...
Officer charged with murdering black teen posts bond A white Chicago police officer, charged with murdering a black teenager, posted bond on Monday afternoon as protests continued over a patrol car's dashboard camera video that showed the officer...
Fake bail bondsman nabbed by the real thing after skipping court A phony bail bondsman who jumped their own bail was nabbed by a real bondsman on Friday. James Felix, 31, had been arrested July 15 for assaulting a man with...
De Blasio faces rare skepticism from left on bail-reform plan Mayor de Blasio's bail-reform proposal — requiring judges to consider whether a defendant is a danger to society and not just a flight risk — could face its biggest hurdle...
Judge says bail reform plan is an 'insult' to the judiciary In a stunning rebuke of Chief Judge Jonathan Lippman's recent “overhaul” of the state bail system, no-nonsense Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Edward McLaughlin has labeled the plan an “insult” to...
Judge continues dad's legacy of setting stunningly low bails The son of famously lenient Manhattan Criminal Court Judge Bruce Wright — nicknamed “Cut 'Em Loose Bruce” for setting low bails on violent criminals — appears to be picking up...
Chinese business person charged with smuggling is denied bail The Donorgate-linked Chinese business person who was arrested in New York for allegedly smuggling $4.5 million in cash into the United States is too rich to release on bond, prosecutors argued successfully....
Critics blast de Blasio's ‘get out of jail free' plan Mayor Bill de Blasio's new “get out of jail free” plan — which would dump thousands of criminal suspects back on the street without forcing them to post bail —...
NYC to offer bail alternatives to keep low-risk suspects out of Rikers Thousands of New Yorkers accused of low-level or non-violent crimes won't face the prospect of raising cash for bail under a plan that seeks to keep such suspects out of...
BUCHAREST, Romania — Britain's Prince Charles has arrived for their annual visit to Romania, a place where they charge their batteries and also promotes skills and training in rural Transylvania.
They met Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Wednesday and will later meet Prime Minister Viorica Dancila in Bucharest, the capital. Later, they will travel to Transylvania, in the northwest.
They own two properties in the deep, sparsely populated countryside where bears and other wildlife roam wild.
Three years ago, Charles set up the Prince of Wales Foundation Romania, which supports the Eastern European nation's heritage and rural life, and sustainable development.
Next week they will attend a theatre festival in the central city of Sibiu.
Charles first visited Romania in 1998.
DANVILLE — The bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms has been called into investigate an explosion that damaged two cars here over Memorial Day weekend, an agency spokesperson confirmed.
“The Danville Police Department requested our assistance and we are currently working with them on this investigation,” ATF public information officer Alexandria Corneiro said in an email to this newspaper.
Police have not yet released a cause of the explosion or named any suspects. No injuries have been reported.
The blast was reported 7:10 p.m. Sunday, near the Smart & Final located at 460 Diablo Road in Danville. Two vehicles had minor damage.
Police say anyone with information on the incident can call Danville police Lt. Doug Muse at 925-371-3700 or email dmuse@danville.ca.gov.
MIAMI — Derek Jeter says that when their ownership group took over the Miami Marlins in October, they thought Giancarlo Stanton would be with the team in 2018.
Instead, Stanton is with the Yankees, with whom Jeter became a baseball legend — a fact that Jeter said neither bothered them nor excited him.
“I had no feeling about trading them to the Yankees,” Jeter said on a conference call Monday. “I wanted the best deal.”
Jeter says the Marlins traded Stanton because the National League MVP didn't want to be part of the franchise's rebuilding and instead wanted to move on.
“I told them this organization is trying to build,” said Jeter, who inherited a franchise losing millions and has tried to strip it down. “We can build with you or without you. They had the right to make the decision.”
Jeter says the deal with the Yankees was the best one available to the Marlins, giving them much-needed financial flexibility while helping a weak farm system.
The Marlins' new CEO made their comments Monday shortly before Stanton held a news conference at baseball's Winter Meetings in Lake Buena Vista, Fla., to discuss a trade being celebrated in New York but panned by beleaguered Miami fans.
GD: Thank you for giving me the easy out. In no other field has Mizzou produced as many big names as journalism. The answer, obviously, is F.
But in the interest of not taking the easy way out and answering the question from a sports point of view, the answer is "whatever they're good at." The answer to this always depends on your age. Most schools, when you first say them, I immediately think of either football or basketball. With Mizzou, my first thought is basketball because during my formative years as a sports fan, Mizzou was really good at basketball and really good at football. I grew up with Derrick Chievous and Doug Smith and Anthony Peeler and Melvin Booker. But if you're my older son's age (20), you grew up with Brad Smith and Chase Daniel and Jeremy Maclin and Mizzou is a football school. Yeah, the Tigers had some good years on the hardwood during that time, but they could never sustain anything, so it was hard to make basketball fans die-hards like they were when I was growing up.
As far as C, D, E or any other less-publicized sport, a pocket of Missouri fans are really excited about them when they're good. Robin Pingeton and Sophie Cunningham have made women's basketball important to a larger number of people, but if things fall off in the coming years, the interest will wane (just as it has with football and basketball in lean times). There are only two schools in the country that I might argue are "women's basketball schools." But even at Tennessee and Connecticut, nobody would really argue that it's the most popular sport on campus. Softball, wrestling, etc, it's a nice distraction during the offseason. Some people follow it really passionately. But it's a pretty small number of people. I've always contended that Missouri softball and wrestling have gotten as popular as they have over the last few years because, yes, they were good, but also because Missouri wasn't winning titles in football or men's hoops. Those two teams were the ones Mizzou fans felt really might be capable of bringing a championship to campus. You might know that Missouri hasn't won one of those in either of the two major sports in 24 years now. So ANY team that might be capable of bringing home a title is going to be a little more popular here than at some other places that have seen them in the last generation. Mizzou fans are so desperate to win something meaningful that if anybody comes close, it creates a little more fervor than it would at some places.
So the short answer is, "Whatever they're best at when you ask the question."
Julian Evans-Pritchard, China Economist, Capital Economics Asia, discussed likely reform measures ahead from new PBOC governor Yi Gang with Bryan Curtis and Stephen Engle. They went on to consider how the relationship between Yi Gang and Liu will work and gave their thoughts on the latest on trade tariffs between the U.S. and China.
Running time 07:06
Action Bronson announced today that they are prepping their new project Blue Chips 7000, the third installment of their popular Blue Chips series, for a summer release. The new effort, which features production from Party Supplies and Harry Fraud, is their first since their 2015 debut album Mr. Wonderful. There's no release date set for Blue Chips 7000, but Bronson did tell Zane Lowe that they hope to have it out by late July or early August. They also described the project as “U2 on steroids,” so there's that.
The announcement comes with the Harry Fraud-produced “Let Me Breathe.” Listen below.
Gardai are investigating an incident of a burglary at a primary school in Clane in the early hours of April 14 at 3.20am.
The break-in occurred at Scoil Mhuire on the Prosperous Road.
It is believed that the alarm disturbed the culprits and nothing was stolen.
Meanwhile on the same day at Betaghstown, Clane, a homeowner returned to find that between 3.30pm and 4.30pm in the afternoon, their house had been entered and bedroom ransacked. A quantity of jewellery was stolen from the home.
DRAPER, Utah (AP) — Police in Utah investigated an anonymous tip about a man who wanted to kill their ex-girlfriend and themselves just before they killed the woman and their son this month in a shooting that also injured two children, according to documents provided Wednesday in response to a public records request from The Associated Press.
The tipster called 911 about Jeremy Patterson after getting a message from Patterson saying they had just broken up with their girlfriend and wanted to kill them and himself, according to a report from police in the Salt Lake City suburb of Draper, where Patterson, the shooter, lived.
The female tipster told a police dispatcher they wanted to remain anonymous because they said knowing about the situation could put them in danger, the report said.
A Draper officer investigated the call June 6, the same day Patterson, 32, opened fire on the car their ex-girlfriend Memorez Rackley was riding in, killing them and their 6-year-old son. The shooting happened in the suburb of Sandy, which borders Draper.
The officer tried to call the tipster but no one answered the phone number they provided, the report said.
The tipster gave Patterson's name but did not provide Rackley's name, it said.
The officer then searched for Patterson's name in two police databases, but found several people by the same name and could not determine which one might be related to the call, the documents said. The tipster also did not provide an address for Patterson in the 911 call.
Police have said Patterson encountered Rackley later that day and argued with them as they walked their children home from school. A passing motorist with three children in their sports utility vehicle stopped and picked up Rackley and their children to help them.
But Patterson followed them in their pickup truck and rammed the SUV off the street, got out and started shooting, police have said. Rackley and their son were killed before Patterson killed himself. Rackley's 11-year-old son and the daughter of the woman driving the SUV were wounded.
The shooting came three days after Rackley told Sandy police that Patterson had been relentlessly stalking them and they were afraid for their safety, according to Sandy police documents obtained by the AP in a previous public records request.
They told officers they did not want to press charges against Patterson but that they would seek a court protective order for them to stay away from them and their children.
Court records in the Salt Lake City area show no indication that they did so before the shooting.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
These 11 New York colleges produce graduates with the highest median salaries, according to College Scorecard. The government site is supported by the U.S. Department of Education and provides students and families with interactive tools and data to help them navigate the college application process. In addition to searching for schools based on location, size and majors, College Scorecard also lets you search by median salary 10 years after enrollment. Check out the median salary for graduates at all of the state's colleges here.
Image copyright AFP Image caption An Australian scorpion
A Canadian weatherman found a live scorpion in a bag of bananas they bought at their local Costco.
Nathan Coleman, who works for the Weather Network, found the creepy crawler after buying bananas at a Costco in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
They double-bagged the scorpion and took it to the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History, where it had to be put down.
The fruit was imported from Guatemala, and they said they hope it is removed from store shelves for safety.
Mr Coleman said their daughter was the one who spotted the venomous arachnid while helping their parents unpack the groceries.
"She was holding it up and I said 'don't worry it's just a slug,'" Mr Coleman told the Weather Network. "My mother was in the living room too and it was still squirming around in the bag and they said it might be a scorpion. I got up and looked at it and couldn't believe it was a scorpion."
Scorpions are found all over the world, but are especially prevalent in warm climates near the equator. They carry venom in a stinger located on their tail, which is used to both paralyse prey and defend themselves against predators.
Out of more than 1500 species, only 25 are known to have venom strong enough to kill a human, although a scorpion sting can be quite painful.
On Twitter, Mr Coleman said that the museum had to put the scorpion down for people's safety.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). U.S. distance runners Galen Rupp, left front, Jared Ward, center, and Desiree Linden depart after a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runners Atsede Baysa, left, and Lemi Berhanu Hayle, both of Ethiopia, participate in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runner Lemi Berhanu Hayle, of Ethiopia, participates in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runner Atsede Baysa, of Ethiopia, participates in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). U.S. distance runner Meb Keflezighi waves during a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017 in Boston. Keflezighi has said he'll retire after running in Monday's race and the TCS New York City Marathon in November.
By JIMMY GOLENAP Sports Writer
BOSTON (AP) - The Kenyans are back in Boston after a relative lull that saw them shut out in the world's most prestigious marathon twice in the past three years.
More surprisingly, so are the Americans.
Geoffrey Kirui won the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, pulling away from three-time U.S. Olympian Galen Rupp with two miles to go to give Kenya its first men's victory in five years. Edna Kiplagat won the women's race to complete the Kenyan sweep.
They were followed closely by Americans who grabbed two of the top four women's spots and six of the top ten for men - the first time that's happened since the race went professional in 1986.
"It's so exciting to see Americans being competitive here," said Rupp, the Olympic bronze medalist who was making their Boston debut. "It's a real exciting time. And it's awesome to see American distance running on the upswing and being competitive in these races."
Kirui finished in 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds to claim a silver trophy, a guilded olive wreath from Marathon, Greece, and the $150,000 first prize. Rupp was 21 seconds back, and Japan's Suguru Osako 30 seconds behind him.
Rounding out the top 10 were runners from California, Arizona, Colorado, Oregon and Utah.
"American distance running is looking good today," said sixth-place finisher Abdi Abdirahman, a Somali immigrant and Tucson resident who is a four-time Olympian. "We have the podium for both men and women, so the future is great."
Kiplagat finished in 2:21:52 to win their Boston debut, adding the victory to two world championships and wins in London, New York and Los Angeles. They pulled ahead of Rose Chelimo of Bahrain in the Newton hills to win by 59 seconds.
American Jordan Hasay, making their first run at the 26.2-mile distance, was third and Desi Linden was fourth - the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four.
"It keeps happening. We keep getting closer. We're putting more numbers in there and it's just a matter of time," said Linden, the 2011 runner-up by 2 seconds. "When Americans break the tape, it's going to be a big deal here."
Kenya had won either the men's or women's race every year since 1991 before being shut out in 2014 and again last year. In fact, Kenya had taken both titles six times since 2000, so dominating the top 10 that Boylston Street began to look like a Great Rift Valley training run.
But Ethiopia has surpassed its East African neighbors on Patriots' Day the past four years, earning its first sweep in 2016. Then, in December, Kenyan Rita Jeptoo was stripped of their 2014 title for failing a drug test and it was handed instead to Ethiopia's Buzunesh Deba.
For Kirui, even when they were running shorter distances, they had their eye on Boston.
"In my mind, I was sure that one day I would win this race," said Kirui, 25, who was running just their third marathon. "To come here to Boston, I knew I was going to face my colleagues who have run many times here. ... I knew I would challenge some of the champions who have been competing here."
The American drought reached more than three decades from the time Greg Meyer won in 1983 until Meb Keflezighi ran down Boylston Street to raucous chants of "U-S-A!" in 2014, the year after the finish line bombings killed three people and wounded more than 260 others. (No U.S. woman has won since 1985.)
Keflezighi, 41, said they plan to enter the New York Marathon, which they won in 2009, one last time in the fall before retiring. In their last competitive Boston run, they finished 13th in 2:17:00 despite pain in their quad muscles.
"The crowd got me through the finish line," they said.
The warm temperatures that hit 79 degrees at the 20-kilometer mark in Natick slowed the runners, but the strong tailwind was a boost - especially in the wheelchair races.
Marcel Hug won Boston for the third time, outpushing 10-time champion Ernst Van Dyk down Boylston Street and finishing in 1:18:04 to beat the course record and world best by 21 seconds. Fellow Swiss Manuela Schar shattered the women's mark by more than five minutes, winning in 1:28:17.
The winners' times on the point-to-point Boston course are considered a world best and not a world record because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
"The wind is so important," Hug said. "The roads were good. Everything was fantastic today."
Earlier Monday, city officials announced plans for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 race.
In the field was Boston Police Commissioner William Evans, who ran for the 18th time in 2013 but has skipped the races since the bombings so they could be available in case of another emergency. Evans, who completed their 52nd marathon overall, said they wanted to show that Boston is back to normal.
"If I can come back," they said, "everyone can."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
From Inside Line Promotions
ATTICA, Ohio (April 17, 2017) – Running two different cars can be challenging, but Ryan Smith made it work last weekend.
Smith drove the No. 94 at Williams Grove Speedway in Mechanicsburg, Pa., on Friday before piloting the No. 59 at Attica Raceway Park on Saturday with the Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions.
A bad pill draw on Friday put Smith deep in the heat race lineup at Williams Grove Speedway.
“We started eighth and were battling for third, but I made a mistake and we finished fifth,” they said. “That put us toward the tail of the feature. I drove up to 12th and I knew there was no difference in pay from 11th on back so I just pulled in to save equipment. The good news was we were a bullet right out of the trailer.”
Smith was credited with a 21st-place result.
The team towed west to Attica Raceway Park for the HD Supply Spring Nationals on Saturday. The event drew 47 of the regions top race teams. After struggling early – qualifying 33rd, placing seventh in a heat race and ending 10th in the B Main – Smith used a provisional to get into the A Main.
“We changed everything after hot laps except the colors,” they said. “We changed all four shocks and all four bars. This was the first time we've run this car on a sticky track. We threw stuff at it every time we hit the track. We thrashed and thrashed on it just to try and find something and we didn't. To be honest, in the feature the track came to me. We were able to make something good out of a bad night, which is what you have to do when you are chasing points.”
Smith rallied from 25th to a seventh-place finish, which earned the Hard Charger Award for passing the most cars. The result propelled Smith and the Leidig/Warko/Smith racing team into fourth place in the Star championship standings.
“We are going to go to work on that car this week, get the scales out and see what's going on,” Smith said. “We are running two different cars and two different operations and hopefully we get everything on the same page this week.”
Smith and the Leidig/Warko/Smith racing team plan to head to Lernerville Speedway in Sarver, Pa., on Friday before travelling to Wayne County Speedway near Orrville, Ohio, with the Stars on Saturday.
“We aren't completely sure about Lernerville yet,” they said. “We may go just to do some testing before we head to Wayne County.”
The Humble Mobile Bundle RPGs came out last week, packing 7 great games that total almost $50 on the Play Store. The Bundle has now had 2 new games added to it, and even better, we have 10 free codes to give away.
The new games are in the second tier - the 'pay more than average' one - which currently stands at a price of $5.75. Mage Gauntlet comes from RocketCat games and publisher Noodlecake. It was inspired by classic RPGs games from the 80s and 90s on the Super Nintendo, such as Legend of Zelda: LTTP and Secret of Mana. The game features wizards, dangerous monsters, and perilous... perils, none of which should be taken lightly at all.
The second game, Doom of Destiny Advanced, features 'four nerds' and gameplay which appears to be similar to a Dungeons and Dragons game. It's apparently the 'sequel, prequel and reboot' of the original Doom of Destiny, meaning you don't need to have played that to play the Advanced version. Neat. There are 300 different enemies to fight and a main quest that takes 30 hours to complete, so you'd better get started.
Now, about those free codes...
To win one of 10 free codes for the full Humble Mobile Bundle RPGs, just leave a comment below. We'll select the winners on Feb 15. Good luck! To win one of 10 free codes for the full Humble Mobile Bundle RPGs, just leave a comment below. We'll select the winners on Feb 15. Good luck!
The entire bundle now totals $51 worth of games. To get them all, the current price is $6. That's astoundingly good value for money, and what's more, that will go towards charity, which is fantastic. So get yourself over to the Bundle, linked in the source, and whip out your credit/debit card. Or comment below in an attempt to get a free code. It really is up to you.
Mar-a-Lago, President Trump's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach, Fla., is a casual place. And so, it seems, are any official records of those who visits them there.
There "is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago, as there is at the White House complex," Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing. They said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search, only to find "there is no grouping, listing, or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago."
That's hard to believe, said Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a group suing for the records.
Minus any records of presidential visitors, Bookbinder said, "it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability."
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $200,000.
Campbell said the latest search turned up a "few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents."
Government lawyers filed their statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information lawsuit, filed by CREW, the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's traveling party on their official visit in February.
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009, after CREW sued. Obama set exceptions for national security or a "necessarily confidential nature," like meeting with nominees.
Trump stopped the White House disclosures. Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act.
In the Mar-a-Lago case, Bookbinder said, "It appears they're saying they found stuff but these things are not covered by FOIA."
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days.
Image caption Michael Matheson has faced questions over their role in the future of Police Scotland Chief Constable Phil Gormley
Scottish Labour has urged the first minister to investigate Justice Secretary Michael Matheson for alleged breaches of the ministerial code.
The party claims they misled parliament over policing and unduly influenced the Scottish Police Authority (SPA).
Daniel Johnson MSP has also raised concerns that Mr Matheson may have broken the law over their involvement in the future of the chief constable.
The Scottish government said they acted "entirely appropriately" at all times.
Mr Matheson is facing sustained pressure over their involvement when the SPA reversed a decision to allow Chief Constable Phil Gormley to return to work while misconduct investigations are being carried out.
Mr Gormley, who denies the allegations against him, has been on special leave since September 2017 as the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner (Pirc) carries out its investigations.
The SPA board unanimously agreed in November that the Police Scotland chief could return to duty - but when the then chair Andrew Flanagan informed the justice secretary of this, they said Mr Matheson told them it was a "bad decision".
'Contravention of code'
In a letter to Nicola Sturgeon, Mr Johnson, who is Labour's justice spokesperson, said this could constitute an order - or "direction" - to the independent police watchdog, which they said was made without following the proper procedures.
The justice secretary had previously made a statement to MSPs in which they insisted they had merely questioned the process the SPA had gone through when making the decision, asking whether the leadership team at Police Scotland had been informed along with those who had complained about Mr Gormley.
Mr Johnson said that in their statement Mr Matheson claimed "this intervention was concerned with 'due process' rather than with influencing the 'outcomes' of the SPA's decision".
They added that this stance was "not supported" by what Mr Flanagan later told MSPs on Holyrood's Public Audit Committee.
The Labour MSP stated: "As such, the minister's characterisation of the meeting to Parliament was both inaccurate and knowingly misleading, in contravention of the (ministerial) code."
They continued: "At committee, Mr Flanagan also revealed that there were in fact two meetings held with the minister on that date.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Nicola Sturgeon has said their justice secretary's actions were "entirely appropriate"
"The minister's omission of the second meeting from their statement to Parliament paints only a partial picture of the nature of their intervention, again raising questions of accuracy."
In their letter to Ms Sturgeon, the Labour MSP also argued: "The minister's action could also be construed as breach of section 5.3(b) of the Police and Fire Reform Act (Scotland) 2012.
"This states that Scottish ministers should lay a copy of a direction given to the authority (SPA) before the Scottish Parliament.
"This would also constitute a breach of section 1.2 of the ministerial code requiring ministers to comply with the law."
The first minister has defended Mr Matheson in parliament, insisting their actions were "entirely appropriate".
A Scottish government spokesperson said: "The justice secretary has acted entirely appropriately at all times. They made clear to parliament they felt such clear deficiencies in the SPA board's decision-making process were completely unacceptable.
"Mr Matheson asked that further engagement and consultation be undertaken, to which the former SPA chair agreed. As noted by the former chair, Mr Matheson did not direct the SPA board to reverse its decision.
"The first minister has already made it clear to parliament that they support the justice secretary's actions. We will respond to Mr Johnson's letter in due course."
Kristaps Porzingis-less Knicks no match for Magic ORLANDO, Fla. — No unicorn meant no victory. The Knicks proved Wednesday they are hardly the same with Kristaps Porzingis in a blue checkered suit sitting on the bench with...
Why Nets are having so much trouble against 'shooting bigs' ORLANDO, Fla. — Stretch bigs are wearing the Nets out. Tuesday was no different. After the Magic's Nikola Vucevic poured in a career-high 41 points in the Nets' home-opening win...
Nets battle but fall to Magic in shootout ORLANDO, Fla. — With multiple dozen-point cushions, the Nets thought they had Tuesday's game won. Then they stopped moving the ball, started blowing defensive assignments, and ended up suffering a...
Magic scramble after offseason plans revealed in photo The Orlando Magic have thought about trading their most popular player for a rookie from the Philadelphia 76ers. And that's not some vaguely sourced, carefully manicured leak, either. It's straight...
At least Nets got to see a cool Aaron Gordon dunk ORLANDO, Fla. — Without the carrot of the postseason, the Nets sure had the look Tuesday of a team ready for the offseason. Flat, uninspired and going through the motions...
Dynamic dunk champ overshadows Splash Brothers' showdown TORONTO — The Saturday night All-Star Weekend matchup everyone yearned for was defending champ Stephen Curry against fellow Warriors Splash Brother Klay Thompson. And that battle did not disappoint. Nevertheless,...
Jabari Parker knee tear proves rookie curse is real Somewhere there must be a voodoo doll with the collective appearance of the much-hyped NBA draft class of 2014. Five of the top seven picks from June's choose-em-up have been felled...
What to know about top NBA rookies' hyped summer debuts After spending years waiting for the 2014 draft class to arrive, the NBA and its fans got its first glimpse of the stars of tomorrow over the past two weeks...
Risk-takers and move-makers: Six lessons from NBA Draft night With the much anticipated 2014 NBA Draft now in the books, let's take a look back at some of the movers and shakers from Thursday night's festivities at Barclays Center...
Alex Wayne, Bloomberg News White House team leader, discusses weekend attacks by the President and their legal team against special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian election meddling. The attacks came just after the firing of former FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe. They speak with Bloomberg's Amy Morris and Peter Barnes on Bloomberg Radio's "Politics, Policy, Power and Law."
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar.
On Friday the NCAA suspended Syracuse basketball coach Jim Boeheim for nine games, took away a dozen scholarships and vacated 108 wins for a host of violations. The Orange's ridiculous response was a...
Video
Labour MP Sharon Hodgson weeps during emotional commons debate as they talk about their stillborn baby.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
The last of several hundred marchers make their way up Olive Avenue under the watch of two motorcycle police officers in the Tower District in a demonstration in support of DACA. JUAN ESPARZA LOERA Vida en el Valle
In short: Probably not.
In long: The Nationals are struggling. A prohibitive favorite to win the National League East entering the season, the Washington club lost its fourth straight game Tuesday night to fall to an even .500 on the season. After losing 17 of their last 23 games, the Nats sit seven games behind the Braves in their division and enter play Wednesday looking up at the Cubs, Phillies, Dodgers, Cardinals and Giants in the wild-card race.
It's getting a bit bleak. And though GM Mike Rizzo and the Nats' front office did little to reinforce the roster over the winter after the team won its division by 20 games last year, there should be some urgency: This is the last season before franchise player Bryce Harper hits free agency. Daniel Murphy, Gio Gonzalez and half the Nats' bullpen are also slated for the open market this offseason.
Harper, meanwhile, is having a weird season. Their struggles have been fairly well documented, but it's worth noting that struggling Bryce Harper is still a good hitter: Despite a .218 batting average, Harper is leading the NL in walks and still getting on base at a good clip. Their sturdy .851 OPS in 2018 is not terribly far off their career .897 mark, and though he's striking out a bit more often than they have in recent seasons, their puny .225 batting average on balls in play suggests some borderline existential bad luck. There's a lot going on with their hitting and it's not all great, but, again, it's still pretty darn good.
Plus, you know, it's Bryce Freaking Harper. Very few human beings on the planet have the capacity to ever do what they have already done in their career, and it feels like he's never more than a minor tweak away from going on an otherworldly offensive tear and carrying their club for a month. You think the Arizona Diamondbacks wouldn't salivate at the idea of slotting Harper next to Paul Goldschmidt in their lineup? You think the Cleveland Indians wouldn't be psyched to upgrade the .694 OPS they've gotten from their right fielders this year as they look to get back to the World Series?
Even teams with crowded outfield pictures would find ways to make room for Harper, who recently started taking grounders at first base. If the Nats decided to dangle him, Harper would be the most coveted name on the block behind Manny Machado — and rumors suggest the Orioles could move Machado well before the deadline. Even as a pure rental, Harper would likely bring a pretty impressive package of young players back to Washington. There's no real precedent for dealing position players as good as Harper or Machado in-season since the draft-pick compensation rules changed in 2012, but think a couple consensus, near-ready Top 100 prospects and a couple of promising lower-level guys.
So should they do it?
If the Nationals keep struggling between now and July 31, then sure. While they could make an effort to re-sign Harper in the offseason, there's little indication that much besides money ever sways free agents, and it seems unlikely that guys as smart as Harper and agent Scott Boras would feel so personally jilted by a Nats' decision to give them a shot at a ring that they wouldn't consider the team in the winter.
Should they lose, say, 17 of their next 23, they almost have to. There's almost no way the draft picks you're going to get if Harper walks will be more valuable than the prospects you'd get in a deadline deal. Heck, the right move could help get them back into contention as soon as next year, even without Harper. They've still got Max Scherzer and Stephen Strasburg lined up to front their rotation, Sean Doolittle dominating in the back of the bullpen, and, in Trea Turner, Anthony Rendon, Juan Soto and Adam Eaton, at least half of a very good lineup.
But the guess here is that the Nationals turn it around soon. Eaton and Murphy are back in the lineup now after missing long stretches of the early season. Strasburg just threw a 60-pitch bullpen session as they work to return from a shoulder issue. The bullpen looks deep now after the addition of Kelvin Herrera and the emergence of Justin Miller. And Harper is simply a better player than they have been to date this season.
There's a lot to like about the Braves and Phillies moving forward, but both clubs have been fueled in part by performances that seem unsustainable. The Philadelphia pitching staff was never as good as it looked in April and May, and basically every guy in the Braves' rotation is outperforming their peripherals and appears due for some regression.
The guess here is that the Nats start playing better, and do enough to close the Braves' lead in the division by the time the deadline rolls around that they appear more buyers than sellers. That there's any case whatsoever for trading Harper speaks to how disappointing their team has been to date on the season, but moving a guy of their stature and potential is not a decision teams make lightly, and it would probably take a good deal more losing before the club starts thinking that way.
Evan Engram refuses to give up on the Giants Rookie tight end Evan Engram has played in all 15 games for the Giants this season. They strongly want to play in the 16th game, but they are dealing with...
Giants linebacker's season that started so great ends quietly When the Giants examine the autopsy of their 2017 season, dysfunction, lack of leadership and overrating the talent on the roster will all be revealed. So will the undeniable impact...
One Giant 'actually in a good spot' heading into offseason There is tremendous uncertainty swirling around the Giants. Who is the head coach in 2018? Who is the general manager? Who is the quarterback? Justin Pugh, an impending unrestricted free...
Eli Manning wouldn't want this kind of Giants protest Would Eli Manning want a demonstrative show of support before, during and after Sunday's game against the Cowboys at MetLife Stadium? Of course not. Anything and everything we know about...
Giants: Eli Apple 'back in the fold' The last few weeks for Eli Apple were difficult at their core. The Post reported the Giants cornerback nearly bolted from the team's complex after being criticized for theirs play...
Returning Sterling Shepard details 'terrible' migraine pain When they were younger, Sterling Shepard recalled getting severe headaches and nose bleeds, issues that prevented them from taking part in football camps. The discomfort quickly dissipated and they are...
Hall of Famer thinks Giants LB is ready to take the reins In a lost season, the best the Giants can hope for is to find some hidden gems tucked inside their roster, a young player or two worth keeping around for...
Giants rookie gets leadership honor from Ben McAdoo There have been very few positive takeaways from a catastrophic season for the Giants, but one is the rapid development of 23-year-old tight end Evan Engram. Coach Ben McAdoo named...
Giants sound just as baffled as everyone else by lousy defense Olivier Vernon is as stunned as everybody else at the sudden disintegration of one of the NFL's elite defenses. “You couldn't tell me last year we would be in this...
George “Bugs” Moran was a career criminal who ran the North Side gang in Chicago during the bootlegging era of the 1920s. They fought bitterly with “Scarface” Al Capone for control of smuggling and trafficking operations in the Windy City. Throughout the 1920s, both survived several attempted murders. On one notorious occasion, Moran and their associates drove six cars past a hotel in Cicero, Illionis, where Capone and their associates were having lunch and showered the building with more than 1,000 bullets.
A $50,000 bounty on Capone's head was the final straw for the gangster. They ordered that Moran's gang be destroyed. On February 14, a delivery of bootleg whiskey was expected at Moran's headquarters. But Moran was late and happened to see police officers entering their establishment. Moran waited outside, thinking that their gunmen inside were being arrested in a raid. However, the disguised assassins were actually killing the seven men inside.
The murdered men included Moran's best killers, Frank and Pete Gusenberg. Reportedly Frank was still alive when real officers appeared on the scene. When asked who had shot him, the mortally wounded Gusenberg kept their code of silence, responding, “No one, nobody shot me.”
The St. Valentine's Day Massacre actually proved to be the last confrontation for both Capone and Moran. Capone was jailed in 1931 and Moran lost so many important men that they could no longer control their territory. On the seventh anniversary of the massacre, Jack McGurn, one of the Valentine's Day hit men,was killed them in a crowded bowling alley with a burst of machine-gun fire.
McGurn's killer remains unidentified, but was likely Moran, though they were never charged with the murder. Moran was relegated to small-time robberies until they were sent to jail in 1946. They died in Leavenworth Federal Prison in 1957 of lung cancer.
– History.com Staff
On Sunday, Baltimore Orioles rookie first baseman hit their third and fourth home runs of the young season and seventh of their career which, combined with the three they hit in '16, gives Mancini 7 homers through their first 12 games and a share of the all-time MLB record for a player's first dozen.
Maybe it's the water in Baltimore or the ballpark or their the players' willingness to share, because after the game, manager Buck Showalter shed some light on Mancini's torrid start and player interest in the 25-year-old's Louisville Slugger C243. Via MLB.com's Dhiren Mahiban:
“So Trey hits their second home run and Gentry grabs their bat and says, ‘I'm going to give that bat a try' [and he] hits a home run. Manny says, ‘You know what? Give me that bat' and Manny hit a home run so all of them with Mancini's bat — I've never seen that before.
Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports
Those three homers all came in the eighth inning at Toronto. The home run was Gentry's first of the year and Machado's second.
“When you're ahead like that, you're trying to be respectful of the opposition and not have too much fun, but that one was,” Showalter added. “I just went, ‘Really?'”
Considering how most baseball players and fans are so superstitious, it's a bit of a surprise that Mancini lent out their lumber. Or maybe it's just Mancini's swing.
Let's ship that puppy over the National League East and see if Bartolo Colon can put another one out with it and if so, check the thing for magic and/or cork.
gallery: MLB Power Rankings: After two weeks, there's a new top team in baseball
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Robots are taking our jobs — and they may have helped sway the last presidential election.
The prevalence of industrial robots in the Midwestern red states that helped determine the 2016 election suggests they may help feed the “economic anxiety” that was often credited with boosting Donald Trump's upstart campaign, according to an analysis from the Brookings Institution.
Robots are “clustered heavily” in manufacturing states in the Upper Midwest and South, wrote Brookings Senior Fellow Mark Muro. That makes sense given the heavy concentration of the auto industry there, Muro noted. These robots are “burning welds, painting cars, assembling products, handling materials, or packaging things.”
The numbers are striking. Brookings' analysis of data from the International Federation for Robotics determined that more than half of the more than 233,000 industrial robots in the country are found in just 10 Midwestern and Southern states, led by Michigan, Ohio, and Indiana.
And as of 2016, the overall national average for “red states” was 2.5 robots per thousand workers. The national average for “blue states” was 1.1 per thousand.
“Robot and broader economic anxiety (along with associated labor market stresses) may also max out in the industrial Midwest — particularly in such robot-exposed ‘red' states as Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania where the election's outcome was determined,” Muro wrote.
The fact that industrial robots are so heavily concentrated in a few areas is a reminder of where they are not, they added.
“Automation will resemble other economic changes in that it will touch down in disparate communities in disparate ways determined by the workings of global value chains as they are shaped by the local industry mix, skills, location.”
In the most “roboticized” large metro areas, the number of robots per thousand human workers is nearly 20 times bigger than in the least-roboticized areas.
Toledo, Ohio, had 9.0 robots per thousand workers as of 2015, for example, compared with 0.5 per thousand in Orlando or New York. But in some small cities, the concentration is even starker: there are more than 35 robots per thousand workers in Elkhart and Kokomo, Ind.
Metro area (among 100 largest) Annualized percentage change, 2010-15 Robots per thousand workers, 2015 Toledo, Ohio 28% 9.0 Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, Michigan 21% 8.5 Grand Rapids-Wyoming, Michigan 23% 6.3 Louisville-Jefferson County, KY-IN 27% 5.1 Nashville-Davidson-Murfreesboro-Franklin, TN 23% 4.8 Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA 16% 4.5 Jackson, Mississippi 21% 4.3 Greenville-Anderson-Mauldin, SC 22% 4.2 Ogden-Clearfield, UT 16% 4.2 Knoxville 17% 3.7
“It is telling that the robot incidence in red states that voted for President Trump in November is more than twice that in the blue states that voted for Hillary Clinton,” they added.
LOS ANGELES — Justin Turner homered and drove in five runs, Clayton Kershaw won despite giving up four homers and the Dodgers roared to a 9-5 victory over the Diamondbacks on Friday night in their NL Division Series opener.
Turner hit a three-run homer and Yasiel Puig added an RBI double before the Dodgers made their first out against Arizona starter Taijuan Walker, who lasted just one inning in their playoff debut.
Turner, a former Met, added an RBI single in the fourth and another in the eighth. The red-bearded slugger tied a Dodgers record for most RBIs in a postseason game, sharing it with Pedro Guerrero and Davey Lopes.
A.J. Pollock, J.D. Martinez, Ketel Marte and Jeff Mathis homered off Kershaw, but Arizona's euphoria from its wild-card victory over the Rockies was erased during a rough first inning in Chavez Ravine.
Game 2 is Saturday night, with Rich Hill facing Diamondbacks lefty Robbie Ray.
Puig and Corey Seager both tripled and drove in two runs for the 104-win Dodgers, who beat their NL West rivals comfortably even while Kershaw added another weird chapter to their unimpressive playoff history.
The three-time Cy Young Award winner gave up only four hits in 6 ¹/₃ innings, but still became the first pitcher in team history to yield four homers in a postseason game. They earned a playoff victory at Dodger Stadium for the first time in their career.
Kershaw struck out seven, but the ace left-hander's frequent inability to match their regular-season brilliance in October remains a constant presence. They struggled with the long ball again after serving up a career-high 23 homers during the regular season, but still earned their fifth victory in 15 postseason starts.
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Fire crews in Wichita are being credited with saving a stuck puppy.
According to a social media report, a caller to Firehouse 22 in Wichita asked for assistance in a pet related matter.
Both Engine 22 & Squad 2 responded with their Battalion Chief. On scene fire crews found a small puppy had its head stuck through a wheel and the residents could not get it removed.
Firehouse 22 saved a puppy whose head was stuck in a wheel. The puppy was safely removed & returned to the homeowner. #PuppyRescue pic.twitter.com/1XYafctoY4 — WichitaFireDept (@WichitaFireDept) August 14, 2017
WFD members went to work to assess the situation. Members worked together to see if they could manipulate the wheel off the puppy's head.
E22 members prepared a water & soap mixture to help with the process. The puppy was safely removed and returned to the homeowner.
WASHINGTON—The White House said Tuesday that finding a solution to the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians doesn't have to include an agreement to establish two separate states, marking a dramatic break from decades of U.S. policy.
On the eve of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit to the White House to meet President Donald Trump, a senior administration official said the Israelis and Palestinians have to agree on what form peace between their countries will take—and that didn't necessarily include two states.
Read: Israel's Benjamin Netanyahu, Trump to meet amid uncertainty over U.S. policy
“A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not a goal that anybody wants to achieve,” the official said. “Peace is the goal, whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want or something else, if that's what the parties want, we're going to help them.”
Two states for two peoples, Israelis and Palestinians, has been the official U.S. policy of Democratic and Republican administrations for decades, and was the tenet guiding historic talks at Oslo and Camp David. Most governments and world bodies back that principle as well and it had been embraced by the Israeli government and the Palestinian Authority.
The U.S. historically has said it supports direct negotiations between the two sides that would end in a two-state solution. Toward that end, Washington has opposed Israeli construction of settlements in the Palestinian territories.
An expanded version of this article appears at WSJ.com .
Popular on WSJ.com:
Mike Flynn's Brief White House Stint Caps Contentious Career
North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un's Brother Killed in Malaysia
Video
Firefighters are tackling a large blaze on the hillside close to Corfe Castle.
Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue said a large area of steeply sloping railway embankment and hillside are alight.
STILLWATER, Okla. – Standing on the edge of the 18th green, their earpiece still dangling, their Swinging Pete hat soaked with sweat, Oklahoma State athletic director Mike Holder reflected on all that he'd helped build.
This program.
This culture.
This event that now has turned into a made-for-TV drama.
After all, it was Holder, the legendary former golf coach here, who was instrumental in bringing match play to the NCAA Championship. That decision wasn't made lightly, especially since the shift away from the 72-hole, play-five, count-four, stroke-play format came at the expense of blueblood programs like his.
“Our fans like to blame me for us not having two or three more championships,” Holder said. “But something needed to happen. No one turned out to tournaments to watch other than family members. You couldn't get it on television. No one could understand the format. You needed to simplify it and get it down to what people can understand.”
Even the most casual fans could understand this Wednesday: Host Oklahoma State put on a show unlike any other in the history of college golf.
More than 3,000 orange-clad fans endured 95-degree temperatures and swarmed Karsten Creek to watch the five matches, creating roars so loud that players on neighboring holes had to back off shots. They had plenty to cheer for, as Oklahoma State – the winningest program in the modern era, the undisputed No. 1 team all season long, the subject of a behind-the-scenes reality show – hammered Alabama, 5-0, to capture its 11th NCAA Championship.
“I usually say that the dream is always better than the reality,” Holder said afterward, “but I'm not so sure in this case. It couldn't be any better.”
Perhaps neither could this team.
Oklahoma State's 10 victories tied the most in program history. The Cowboys became the first since Houston in 1977 to record double-digit wins, including an NCAA title.
Though there might not have been a superstar on this year's roster – though National Freshman of the Year Matthew Wolff almost certainly will become one – it's one of the deepest ever assembled. All five starters posted a sub-par scoring average. All five starters were inside the top 75 in Golfstat's rankings. All five starters either won or finished second in an event this season. This team was so talented, and so deep, that even the bench was chock-full of former All-Americans and players who were good enough to secure status on a pro tour but not on their own starting five.
And so, in many ways, this NCAA Championship felt like a coronation.
NCAA Men's DI Championship: Scoring
NCAA Men's DI Championship: Full coverage
After earning the top seed after stroke play, Oklahoma State outlasted No. 2-ranked Texas A&M in the quarterfinals and then convincingly dispatched SEC champion Auburn in the afternoon semifinals.
No top seed had ever gone on to win the match-play portion, but the Cowboys drained all of the drama out of the championship match by the end of the front nine.
Leading off, sophomore Viktor Hovland was 7 under and won, 4 and 3.
In the anchor spot, junior Zach Bauchou went out in 29 and rolled, 8 and 7.
And in the middle, Wolff was 7 under and holed the clinching putt, a 20-footer for birdie on 15 that elicited a defeaning roar usually reserved for PGA Tour events.
In total, the Cowboys played the front nine in 14 under and trailed for just seven holes overall. It's the first time in the match-play era that a team swept its opponent and didn't reach the 17th hole in any match.
Their mission all season long was to dominate – assistant coach Donnie Darr even said they had a pre-tournament goal of securing all 15 points in match play, or going 5-0 in the three matches – and they put on a clinic in the final.
“Wow,” Alabama coach Jay Seawell said. “They were just really good today.”
The Cowboys, of course, have been really good since they captured their first NCAA title in 1963, with Labron Harris at the helm. Ten years later, Holder took over the program and experienced unrivaled success, winning a national title in four different decades (and eight in all) and establishing a winning culture.
“Playing for Mike Holder,” said current Oklahoma State coach Alan Bratton, “I had an example of excellence every single day. If they did something, they did it great. That wears off on people.”
All of that success breeds expectation, though. Holder dismissed popular coach Mike McGraw in 2013 after a few seasons that weren't up to their lofty standards. In came Bratton, who was part of OSU's 1995 NCAA title team that knocked off Stanford and its head-turning first-year student, Tiger Woods.
But for all of its glitz and glamour, Oklahoma State had gone a dozen years without a title, and ironically, some of those close calls stemmed from the Holder-led switch to match play.
Since 2009, Oklahoma State has on multiple occasions boasted the best team in the country, but with no national titles to show for it. That included a few heartbreakers: the 2010 season, when the Cowboys lost in the championship match; the '11 campaign, when they dropped their semifinal match to tiny Augusta State, here at home; and then in '14, when a thousand OSU fans bused two-and-a-half hours to Prairie Dunes, only to watch a dynastic Alabama team capture its second consecutive title.
“Why wouldn't you want that pressure to perform?” Bratton said. “Why would you compete if you don't expect to do well? Everybody should expect to win or they shouldn't be in the game.”
The anticipation was at an all-time high this season.
The Cowboys were the preseason No. 1. They returned a team with proven All-Americans and welcomed a pair of freshmen who were highly prized recruits. They were playing nationals on their home course. And while hoping for some exposure (and perhaps a DVR keepsake of their championship run) they agreed to appear on a four-part mini-series that took a behind-the-scenes look at the program and their rivalry with Oklahoma.
“You'd be crazy to think there wasn't any pressure,” Darr said. “But I think it helped us get better. We were experienced with the cameras and comfortable on the big stage.”
It helps, too, that Oklahoma State can rely on its fraternity of former players. This team had unprecedented support in its quest for a title, with alumni on-hand from every era, including two players from the 1963 team all the way through four of the five members of the '06 squads, all sporting their championship rings. They hollered all afternoon as the boys poured in putts.
“Every single one of them was here,” Holder said. “If they weren't here physically, they were spiritually.”
Those who made the trip down the street or up the highway or across the country were treated to the most dominant performance in the match-play era. And when it was over, when Wolff dropped in the birdie putt and the crowd exploded, the Oklahoma State players donned NATIONAL CHAMPION hats and whirled T-shirts above their heads.
“This feels like relief in a lot of ways,” Darr said. “I think that tells you a lot about the pressure we were experiencing.”
And the payoff was worth it.
Arriving at the 18th green in carts, Oklahoma State's five starters received a hero's welcome, greeted by hundreds of sunburned fans who waited on a hillside just to witness a trophy presentation that, for them, probably took 11 years too long.
Looking around at the delirious scene unfolding around him, Holder marveled at what their program and this sport have become.
“I've always said that when you get the right elements together and you embrace it, when you don't shy away from the pressure, then you can do magical things that you only dream of,” they said. “And there's nothing quite like this that I've seen.”
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Orange to be on top end of Aussie Monopoly
Move over Mayfair, push off Park Lane, Orange is the new blue chip property on the latest all-Australian version of the Monopoly board game. Nearly 1000 people voted for Orange to beat Coffs Harbour, Byron Bay and Lord Howe Island to score a place alongside Sydney Harbour in the new version. Source, Central Western Daily.
Intro
Benfica vs Borussia Dortmund
Tuesday 14 February 2017
Benfica and Borussia Dortmund lock horns in the UEFA Champions League last-16 first leg.
Watch Online – Full Match Replay
1st Half
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
Commercial plane crashes, bursts into flames at Nepal airport A passenger plane from Bangladesh crashed and burst into flames as it landed Monday at the Kathmandu airport in Nepal. A police official says at least 38 people were killed...
Dozens of Rohingya Muslims confirmed buried in mass graves BALUKHALI REFUGEE CAMP, Bangladesh — The faces of the men half-buried in the mass graves had been burned away by acid or blasted by bullets. Noor Kadir finally recognized his...
Top CEOs take four days to earn a Bangladesh worker's life pay DAVOS, Switzerland — A CEO from one of the world's top five global fashion brands has to work for just four days to earn what a garment worker in Bangladesh...
Alleged Port Authority bomber's family believes they were caught up in a 'conspiracy' Relatives of the Midtown bomber have recounted the shocking moment they saw photos of the attacker lying on the ground in the aftermath of the blast — and realized who...
Port Authority 'bomber' tried brainwashing their wife: officials Port Authority bomber Akayed Ullah was influenced by the sermons and writings of a radical Muslim preacher — and tried to have their wife brainwashed by them as well, Bangladeshi...
Port Authority terror suspect's wife gets grilled in Bangladesh DHAKA, Bangladesh — Bangladeshi authorities on Tuesday were grilling the wife and other relatives of the alleged Port Authority bomber, officials said. Authorities from Bangladesh's Counterterrorism and Transnational Crime...
Port Authority 'bomber' was not on terror list: Bangladesh official Authorities in Bangladesh said Tuesday that alleged subway bomber Akayed Ullah was not on the country's terror list and are not sure when they left their homeland. “So far, his...
Islamic extremist arrested in American blogger's grisly death DHAKA – Bangladesh police said on Saturday they had arrested an Islamist militant wanted in connection with the 2015 killing of a U.S. blogger critical of religious extremism. Deputy police...
Ignore the lead paint, mold and rats — New York's public housing is “beautiful,” a top official claimed Tuesday.
At a City Council hearing where other New York City Housing Authority staffers discussed a backlog of almost 100,000 work orders, Acting General Manager Vito Mustaciuolo instead whined that no one was talking about the agency's “good work.”
“The public doesn't see pictures of the apartments that I visited where residents have beautiful homes,” Mustaciuolo said.
“They are well maintained, and that is in part because of the good relationship between tenants and the property-management staff. So it is unfortunate that the only focus is on unsightly conditions and the bad conditions.”
Councilman Mark Gjonaj (D-Bronx) hit back that the hearing wasn't about “praise” for the embattled agency, which is currently embroiled in scandals over uninspected lead paint and fungus-covered buildings and is struggling to keep rodent infestations under control.
“It's not about patting people on the back,” said Gjonaj, who previously worked in real-estate management.
“As you know, I come from this world, and I would not have responded to any agency or department with, ‘How can you not focus on all the good work I'm doing and focus on a small problem?' This is a problem. Legally you are required to correct this condition and make sure it doesn't reoccur and it doesn't exist.”
Mustaciuolo's comments were also met with scoffs and indignation across the city's public-housing buildings, where the lengthy list of open work orders includes 32,000 paint jobs, 24,000 carpentry jobs and 14,000 plastering requests, according to NYCHA stats.
“Beautiful?” said Frances Noguet, 38, a resident of the Jacob Riis Houses on the Lower East Side. “Nothing beautiful around here . . . He's patting themselves on the back when they should be fixing things. They never fix things on time. The elevator never works. I've got elderly parents. They're disabled. Try getting them up 13 flights of stairs.”
Up at the Morris Houses in The Bronx, Mustaciuolo's remarks also had the residents in stitches.
“Beautiful homes? That's a stretch,” said Victor Calderon, 54.
“This one has roaches. That one has mold growing on the bathroom wall. That one's not getting heat. There's always something that needs fixing.
see also De Blasio praises exiting NYCHA boss despite agency's scandals Mayor Bill de Blasio on Tuesday again came to the...
“So to say that most of the apartments are fine is painting a pretty rosy picture. I'd like to live in whatever world they live in.”
Earlier at the hearing, other ­NYCHA officials echoed their concerns.
“We are all dismayed by the reports of unacceptable apartment conditions — residents living with holes in their walls that haven't been repaired or repair jobs that are half-finished,” said Cathy Pennington, NYCHA's executive vice president of operations who came on board last month. They blamed the agency's failing infrastructure and staffing shortages on being “shortchanged” $3 billion by the feds since 2001.
Mustaciuolo evaded reporters' questions after the hearing, scuttling off to another meeting.
Additional reporting by Reuven Fenton
DOUGLAS COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating the death of three people including a 3-year-old girl.
Just after 1:30p.m. Sunday, deputies responded to report of a shooting in the driveway of a home in the 1000 Block of E900 Road southwest of Lawrence, according to a media release.
Upon arrival, deputies found a 36-year-old woman with several gunshot wounds. They died at the scene. They were not affiliated with the residence, according to the sheriff's department.
Authorities later found the woman's vehicle in the parking area at Baker Wetlands south of 31st and Haskell Avenue. A 41-year-old man and 3-year-old girl were found dead in the wetlands not far from the vehicle. Authorities have not determined how they died.
Authorities believe the man shot the woman and the child is their daughter and no other individuals were involved. Names of the victims were not released.
Erik Jones, seen above celebrating an Xfinity win, led a career-high 20 laps and finished a personal-best third in last week's Pocono 400. Brandon Wade Fort Worth Star-Telegram/TNS
Larnaca Mayor, Andreas Vyras, told Phileleftheros that developments on the field of investments in Larnaca are eventually growing in a positive direction. More specifically, the town's mayor outlined that the Russian entrepreneur, Nikolai Potapenko has already submitted preliminary plans before the Council of Ministers for the construction of a luxury hotel on the Finikoudes strip.
According to Phileleftheros, the Russian investor is currently seeking the state's permission to proceed with the development of two buildings: a five-star luxury hotel and a high-rise building that is designed to have over 20 floors.
Potapenko has already pumped about €1,5 mln into the project, that will include a 20-storey luxury hotel, a spa, conference centre, apartments, commercial units, cinema and rooftop restaurant.
Re: High velocity readings
71 grs appear to be a "bridge too far". Primer is flat and looks like its trying to flow on one side. I would reshoot 68-69.5 in .3 increments, or at least .5 charges. See what you find. Go at least to a 180 gr. Good Luck
__________________
If it's not yours, don't take it. If it's not true, don't say it. If it's not right, don't do it. If you don't think you can hit him, don't shoot him.
Warren Buffett bit deep into Apple in the fourth quarter.
The billionaire investor behind Berkshire Hathaway more than tripled the number of shares they own of Cupertino, Calif., company, to 54.7 million shares, according to regulatory filings on Tuesday.
Shares of Apple have climbed 16.6 percent this year — putting Buffett's stake in the tech giant at $7.75 billion, at least.
In an interview with talk-show host Charlie Rose last month, Buffett said they have bought $12 billion worth of stock since the election.
Buffett also increased their purchases in airline stocks during the fourth quarter.
In September, Buffett shocked the investing world after disclosing they bought $1.2 billion in airline stocks. They had long been down on the sector.
Investment managers are required to disclose in regulatory filings their long positions 45 days after the close of a quarter. Other SEC filings revealed:
David Tepper's Appaloosa initiated stakes in three pharmaceutical companies: Teva Pharmaceutical, Pfizer and Mylan.
Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund Management initiated a stake in Procter & Gamble. In December, the hedgie warned they were building a new stake.
David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital completely exited its stake in Michael Kors.
Paul Singer's Elliott Management sold its positions in private prison companies The GEO Group and Core Civic after buying stock in the third quarter.
We must not forget October 6, 1980 and the sadness it brought
Dear Editor,
Friday October 6th, 2017 marks 37 years since the imposition of the 1980 Constitution by the late P.N.C maximum leader Mr. L.S.F Burnham. The centuries of bloody struggle waged by our fore-parents for Freedom, Justice and Human Dignity against the forces of European Imperialism and the plantocracy, all came to a dreadful end on October 6th, 1980 when Burnham and their People's National Congress usurped all our rights as an independent people in the skillfully crafted New People's Constitution, which centralised all power in their hands as Executive President sending Guyanese politically into a remote period pre-dating the Great Magna Carta of 1215.
This constitution was to oversee the transition of Guyana from a Capitalist State to a Socialist State and was to usher in the era of the Marxist concept of “Dictatorship of the Proletariat.” In doing so Burnham unleashed into the lives of the Guyanese nation a long, dark night of the dictator, a cycle of Cruelty, Poverty and Oppression that was to witness the migration of half of our population.
With the defeat of the P.N.C at the General Elections of 1992 by the PPP by the late Dr. Cheddi Jagan, a constitutional reform commission was set up. Twenty five years have elapsed since that commission came into existence and in excess of one billion Guyana dollars have been spent and we are still in the woods so to speak as far as constitutional reform has gone. More than 95% of the population has never had access to the 1980 Constitution or seen the Reform Edition.
Articles 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 161, 162 and 212 are some of the Articles in which the autocratic powers of the Executive President are vested, making them as powerful as the old Tudor King Henry VIII of England. Reforms of the 1980 constitution so far are cosmetics, which in the long run will need to be rewritten to empower the Guyanese people. The P.N.C and the P.P.P have deliberately thwarted our destiny as a nation by denying us our inalienable rights to our land. They have kept us in a state of poverty and dependence and criminalized our young people.
Friday 6th of October, 2017 is a Red Letter Day for all Guyanese. As a nation we are trapped in a time warp where for 37 years we continue to repeatedly go through the same motion under worsening conditions of life. The Guyana United Artists to commemorate this historic occasion will be displaying a small collection of paintings pertaining to this tragic period in Guyanese history on the square of the Revolution from 10 A.M to 1 P.M on Friday 6th of October.
Desmond Alli
General Secretary
Guyana United Artists (G.U.A)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A nursing student studying at UofL experienced a bit more than they expected to on a trip to find their mother in Puerto Rico.
Robert Tirado was waiting anxiously to hear from their loved ones in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria tore through their hometown of Cabo Rojo.
Tirado arrived in the United States three months ago to pursue a nursing program at Norton Healthcare but as they studied for board certification, they were waiting to hear that their mother was safe after Hurricane Maria.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Pilot killed in plane crash outside Bardstown
+ Louisville City FC releases full list of owners
+ Man charged for stabbing near Churchill Downs
"As I was here, I was trying to make any contact to find my mom and I couldn't," Tirado said.
Friends started getting calls their family members were safe. Eight days then went by.
"As the days went, I start hoping to God that I would get a phone call," Tirado said. "And I didn't."
They decided they had to go to Puerto Rico. After days of travel, they finally made it to Cabo Rojo to find their house still standing and their mom alive.
"My mom was on the couch happy as heck to see me," Tirado said.
After only 45 minutes of being home to check on their mother, Tirado started to hear loud screams coming from down the street. Tirado followed the screams and it led them to 18-year-old Jessica and their father in two inches of water.
"I looked and I saw a baby's head crowning from in between their legs and I said oh my god this is a delivery that's about to happen here," Tirado said.
They told Tirado they needed help.
"So I ran down the street. I said well I am going to get someone from the National Guard, some military personnel to come up here and help me do this," Tirado said. "And I couldn't find anybody."
Tirado was the only one around to help, so they said jumped into action.
"The baby comes out, the baby's head comes out- we wrap it up since it's all in the water," Tirado explained.
Tirado stated, from there, they drove to the hospital where the doctor pulled them aside.
"The doctor said you did an amazing job," Tirado said. "I had no clue what I was doing, just what I have seen on TV. But I just said oh I hope God is with me right now, I hope that I do this right. I just believed this was the right thing to do in this moment."
The new mom said they named their daughter Maria, after the Hurricane. If they happen to ever have a son, they plan to name them after Robert.
Tirado returned to work on Tuesday to continue studying for the boards. If they pass, they will be a registered nurse in the state of Kentucky.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Spies at a pre-wedding celebration hosted by Prince Albert said, “Guests started pushing people into the pool, including the groom. It was like the good humor of the old days.”
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The NCAA is expected to announce who will host the first four beyond 2018 on Tuesday.
Dayton is one of four cities vying for the chance to host the games from 2019-2022. The other three cities include Evansville, Hershey and Detroit.
When it comes to hosting the First Four it's about more than just basketball for Dayton. There's a lot of pride and money on the line.
What began here as a single play-in game back in 2001, expanded to the First Four in 2011. The event has generated upwards of $4.5 million every year for the host city.
Last August Dayton submitted the bid to host the games through 2022.
Trump: 'Very Good Chance' at Making Trade Deal With China
President Trump says "we have a very good chance of making a deal" with China when it comes to trade. They spoke at the White House. (Source: Bloomberg)
1:30
Dale Earnhardt Jr shares some of their favorite memories as their NASCAR racing career draws to an end
Of course Khloe Kardashian registered for a $600 Versace diaper bag All a newborn baby needs is love, attention and . . . a $600 Versace diaper bag? Khloé Kardashian, who celebrated the imminent arrival of their first child with a shower this...
Dog and baby were BFFs before the kid was even born We know dog is man's best friend, but is it baby's? Baby Oliver and their pooch Peach are the best of friends, and mom Rachel Gagnon, 24, has the...
Last fall the ashes of Florida Keys fly-fishing legend Capt. Bill Curtis were recently stolen from a parked pickup truck, sparking a mystery in the style of a Carl Hiaasen novel. Curtis “had no spurned lovers, lifelong enemies, obsessed fans or angry family members, according to friends, family and the police,” and the theft has created ongoing theories from some of Curtis's closest friends, including fellow angler and author, Tom McGuane. “My theory is that it was a poor fisherman who knew what it was and thought that by sprinkling it on their Wheaties that someday they would be a better angler,” says McGuane. Read “The One That Got Away: Theft of Fishing Guide's Ashes Becomes a Whodunit” by John Clarke, via The New York Times.
By KIM TONG-HYUNG and FOSTER KLUGAssociated Press
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - North Korea said Tuesday that its military presented leader Kim Jong-un with plans to launch intermediate-range missiles into waters near Guam and "wring the windpipes of the Yankees" by creating "enveloping fire" near the key U.S. military hub in the Pacific.
The comments, while typically belligerent, are significant because they also appeared to signal a path to defuse a deepening crisis with Washington over a weapons program that is seen as nearing the ability to accurately send a nuclear missile to the U.S. mainland.
During an inspection of the army's Strategic Forces, which handles the missile program, Kim praised the military for drawing up a "close and careful plan" and said they would watch the "foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees" a little more before deciding whether to order the missile test, the North's state-run Korean Central News Agency said. Kim appeared in photos sitting at a table with a large map marked by a straight line between what appeared to be northeastern North Korea and Guam, and passing over Japan - apparently showing the missiles' flight route.
The missile plans were previously announced, and Kim said North Korea would conduct the launches if the "Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity" and that the United States should "think reasonably and judge properly" to avoid shaming itself, the news agency said.
Lobbing missiles toward Guam would be a deeply provocative act from the U.S. perspective, and a miscalculation on either side could lead to a military clash. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United Sates would take out any such missile seen to be heading for American soil and declared any such North Korean attack could mean war.
Kim's comments, however, with their conditional tone, seemed to hold out the possibility that friction could ease if the United States made some sort of gesture that Pyongyang considered a move to back away from previous "extremely dangerous reckless actions." This might be difficult as the United States and its ally South Korea plan next week to start annual defensive military drills that the North claims are preparation for invasion.
On Monday, the chairperson of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff met with senior South Korean military and political officials and the local media. Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford also made comments that appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump's warnings if need be.
Dunford said the United States wants to peacefully resolve tensions with North Korea. But Washington is also ready to use the "full range" of its military capabilities in case of provocation, Dunford said.
Dunford is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which Trump declared the U.S. military "locked and loaded" and said they were ready to unleash "fire and fury" if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
The Korean People's Army's Strategic Forces said last week that it would finalize and send to Kim for approval the plan to fire four ballistic missiles near Guam, which is about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang.
The plans are based on the Hwasong-12, a new missile the country successfully flight-tested for the first time in May. The liquid-fuel missile is designed to be fired from road mobile launchers and has been previously described by North Korea as built for attacking Alaska and Hawaii.
The North followed the May launch with two flight tests of its Hwasong-14 ICBM last month. Analysts said that a wide swath of the continental United States, including Los Angeles and Chicago, could be within reach of those missiles, once they're perfected.
The North's latest report said Kim ordered their military to be prepared to launch the missiles toward Guam at any time. If the "planned fire of power demonstration" is carried out because of U.S. recklessness, Kim said it will be "the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks," the North reported.
North Korea is angry about new United Nations sanctions over its expanding nuclear weapons and missile program and the upcoming military drills between Washington and Seoul.
Kim said that the United States must "make a proper option first and show it through action, as it committed provocations after introducing huge nuclear strategic equipment into the vicinity of the peninsula" and that it "should stop at once arrogant provocations" against North Korea, state media said.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Monday called for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff, saying that "there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula," according to their office.
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House, Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries. Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provocations.
___
AP writers Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul and Bob Burns in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Basking in the Son
by Susan Moses
North Texas Catholic
3 days ago
A young woman from St. Gabriel Catholic Church in McKinney claps as they sing during a praise and worship song at the 2016 Steubenville Lone Star Catholic Youth Conference, on Friday, June 17, 2016 at the Sheraton Hotel in Downtown Dallas. (NTC photo/Ben Torres)
Long days and less responsibility make summer a perfect time for your family's faith to flourish. With no school and no homework, schedules tend to be more relaxed and kids have more time to explore and expand their spiritual horizons.
Jason Spoolstra, director of youth ministry for the Diocese of Fort Worth, said “everyone thinks of making resolutions at the New Year, but summer is also great time” for implementing ideas and activities for faith formation.
Here are some ideas to help you and your family to grow closer to the Lord and each other this summer.
Begin with the Foundation
Julie Kiehlbauch, mother of three and youth ministry assistant at St. Ann Parish in Burleson, said their family finds summer is a good time to “up the opportunity for sacraments.” Add a daily Mass during the week and go to Reconciliation as a family.
Start a family tradition. Pick an evening to pray the Rosary or Divine Mercy Chaplet as a family, study Scripture together, or discuss the readings from Sunday Mass. Have each family member choose a saint and learn about them or them
Next, Check Out Your Parish
Many parishes offer Vacation Bible School, which offers fun and faith lessons for the younger ones. Don't miss the experience when your children age out — youth and adults will be welcome helpers and assistants.
Discover what your parish youth ministry has scheduled for the summer, which can range from Bible study and game nights to overnight trips.
High school students have a selection of faith-filled conferences and retreats nearby. Registration usually begins at the parish level, but you can contact the diocese if your parish is not participating.
Steubenville Lone Star brings in nationally renowned speakers for a weekend of inspiration and evangelization through music, talks, prayer, Eucharistic Adoration, and Mass.
Camp Fort Worth focuses on local service projects in the diocese by day, with worship and fellowship in the evenings.
The Young Disciple Retreat delves deeper into discipleship and using your gifts to glorify God.
The Vocations Office sponsors the Quo Vadis retreat for young men beginning to consider their vocation.
Day Tripping with the Family
With 28 counties and 90 parishes, you'll find lots to explore within the diocese. Among many gems in the diocese, you'll find:
Our Mother of Mercy Church in Fort Worth, a historically African-American parish, was designated as the primary Door of Mercy for the diocese during the Extraordinary Jubilee of Mercy.
St. Peter Church in Lindsay is listed in the National Registry of Historic Places and is considered one of the most beautiful churches in Texas.
The Marian grotto at St. Mary Church in Windthorst was built in 1949 and dedicated to Our Lady of Perpetual Help in thanksgiving for returning all 64 servicemen from World War II. It attracts visitors from around the world.
St. Patrick Cathedral in downtown Fort Worth features beautiful statues and artwork, including five-feet-high Stations of the Cross carved in Italy.
The altar at St. Peter Church in Lindsay (NTC file photo)
Getting Away
If you are traveling this summer, a little time on the internet can yield big results. Shrines, basilicas, or missions may be located near your destination. Was the city founded by Catholics? Or does an American saint hail from there? With a bit of research, your family can discover a hidden treasure of the Church and make great memories.
Texas is home to four basilicas: St. Anthony Cathedral Basilica in Beaumont, St. Mary's Cathedral Basilica in Galveston, Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower in San Antonio, and Basilica of the National Shrine of Our Lady of San Juan del Valle in San Juan.
If you plan to send your child to camp, consider The Pines, a Catholic camp in East Texas. Kiehlbauch, whose children attended the camp, appreciated that all activities were directed back to God, from swimming to a walk in the woods.
Consider a mission trip as a family. Chris Vaughan, diocesan director of marriage and family life, spent a week with Family Missions Company in General Cepeda, Mexico last summer with their wife and six children. They said, “We helped serve Christ in very real ways. My wife and the younger ones visited the elderly and sick, and the older kids and I helped build houses.”
To Love is to Serve
It's never too early to instill the value of serving. Local aid organizations need hands to sort clothes or canned goods. Pray outside an abortion clinic. Leave the world better than you found it by picking up trash at a park, then pray St. Francis of Assisi's Canticle of the Creatures.
Give your nearest nursing home a call. Residents love visitors to play music, play checkers, paint nails, or just socialize.
Summer boredom can be a blessing. With a bit of thought, your family can come up with more ideas to cultivate faith than Abraham has descendants. And may these seeds of faith bloom over a lifetime.
Long days and less responsibility make summer a perfect time for your family's faith to flourish. With no school and no homework, schedules tend to be more relaxed and kids have more time to explore and expand their spiritual horizons.
Published
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
The Cavaliers withstood a big night by Timberwolves forward Andrew Wiggins, who scored 41 points to lead the way for Minnesota. It matched Wiggins' second-highest point total of the season.
Wiggins had help from Karl-Anthony Towns, who scored 26 points and grabbed seven rebounds. Gorgui Dieng added 12 points, but no other Timberwolves player reached double figures in scoring.
A step-back 3-pointer by James and a fast break layup by former Timberwolves player Derrick Williams pushed Cleveland's lead to 114-106 with 1:39 to play. That essentially sealed the win for the Cavaliers, who went on to close out their 38th victory of the season.
It's Cleveland's second win over Minnesota in a two-week span. The Cavaliers beat the Timberwolves 125-97 on Feb. 1.
Cleveland took its biggest lead of 14 points midway through the third quarter when Irving hit a deep 3-pointer. Wiggins single-handedly brought the Timberwolves back.
Wiggins scored 19 points in the third quarter, including a late 3-pointer and a buzzer-beating jumper to tie it at 93 heading into the fourth. Wiggins had 37 points through three quarters on 14-of-22 shooting but cooled off in the final quarter.
Cleveland's offense had to make up for the loss of forward Kevin Love, who earlier Tuesday had surgery on their left knee that will sideline them for six weeks. Love was averaging 20.0 points and 11.1 rebounds per game.
In Love's absence, three Cleveland starters topped the 20-point mark. Irving and James had their typical outputs on offense, while Channing Frye chipped in 21 points—including four 3-pointers. Tristan Thompson added 14 points and 11 rebounds.
Minnesota struggles to guard the 3-pointer this year, while Cleveland entered Tuesday's game as one of the top 3-point shooting teams in the league. While the Cavaliers shot only 33.3 percent from long range, they converted 13 3-pointers.
NOTES: Timberwolves G Zach LaVine had successful surgery Tuesday to repair their torn ACL in their left knee. LaVine suffered the injury Feb. 3 in Minnesota's game against Detroit. LaVine was averaging a career-high 18.9 points. ... Minnesota plays Wednesday at Denver before a nine-day break for the NBA All-Star Game. The Timberwolves return to action Feb. 24 against Dallas. ... Cleveland hosts Indianapolis on Wednesday before the Cavaliers enter the All-Star Break. The Cavs' first game after the break is Feb. 23 against the Knicks.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Mr Macron said the EU would be dealing with migration from Africa "for decades"
French President Emmanuel Macron has told the BBC that EU plans to create migrant processing centres in North Africa will not work unless the process is led by those countries.
Speaking during a visit to Nigeria, Mr Macron said many African countries were worried that such centres would act as a pull factor for migrants.
No African country has so far agreed to host the centres.
EU leaders agreed to explore the idea at a summit earlier this month.
They also agreed to set up secure centres to receive migrants inside the EU, but they differed sharply on how the plan would be implemented.
Mr Macron said that Europe would be dealing with migration from Africa for decades due to what they called the fundamental problem of unplanned population growth in Africa.
They have been criticised for saying the same thing in the past, with some accusing them of repeating colonial rhetoric.
However they also said that the EU could not take decisions for African countries.
The idea of migrant processing centres in North Africa "can fly, just if some African governments decide to organise it", they said.
Mr Macron said their top priority was to discourage people from taking "crazy risks" and putting their lives in danger in order to get to Europe.
Earlier Mr Macron told Nigerian entrepreneurs their aim was to help Africa succeed, offer new hope to African youth and persuade Europeans that Africa was part of their "common destiny".
More than 100 people have drowned and a further 100 were reported missing after migrant boats sank in two separate incidents over the past week, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.
More than 1,000 people have died trying to cross the Mediterranean this year, the IOM says.
About 56,000 migrants have arrived in Europe so far this year compared to more than a million in 2015.
School was closed on the Monday Ariel Jeffrey Kouakou asked for their parents' permission to walk to a friend's house alone. It was a big ask, walking to a buddy's by himself, something the skinny 10-year-old, with the dark hair, dark eyes, warm smile and gentle nature had never done, and a request their parents agreed to on the day their son went missing.
School was open a week later — Monday, March 19 — as a team of Montreal police divers assembled on the ice of the Riviere des Prairies. Their mission was grim: the river abuts the park where Ariel was last seen, a sighting reported to police during the early stages of the seven-day search that has gripped Montrealers, yielding few clues and even fewer answers as to what has become of the missing boy.
“At this point, although a week has passed, we have to keep hope of finding this boy and giving the gift of closure to the parents,” Pina Arcamone, executive director of the Missing Children's Network, told the Montreal Gazette. “It's unimaginable what they're living.
“It really is.”
Kouadio Frederic Kouakou is Ariel's father.  They are a French-speaker, as is their son. Kouakou embodies the Canadian dream: they immigrated to Montreal from the Ivory Coast. Now they work as a teacher at a local school. They and their wife, Akouena Noella Bibie, have insisted, from the start, that Ariel was kidnapped. Ariel, their father has said, loved soccer, not swimming. And they knew well enough not to venture too close to a fast rushing river, with its deadly currents and its thin ice.
“From the beginning, I have said that they were taken, that it was a kidnapping,” Kouadio Frederic Kouakou told TVA Saturday. “My appeal is for compassion from the kidnappers. I pardon them, as does my wife.
“All we are asking is for them to bring our child back safely.”
Montreal police have not ruled out the family's kidnapping theory. Officers have fielded some 247 tips in the case, chasing every one, an effort the Kouakous have repeatedly praised. The family is offering a $10,000 reward for Ariel's safe return. Adonis Stevenson, a local boxer and a Haitian-Canadian, has pledged an additional $15,000, pushing the total to $25,000.
On the day they vanished, a security camera at a local garage captured a fleeting image of Ariel. They enter the screen-view from the left, walking steadily in the direction of their friend's house in north-end Montreal. The hood of their jacket is pulled up to ward off the cold. They raise their left hand to their face.  They are 4-foot-7, no more than 90 pounds, and wearing grey pants and bright yellow sneakers. Ariel appears, and then they are gone, but when they got to the friend's house — the friend wasn't there.
Ariel's parents reported them missing later that day. In the days since, police have been out in force searching, with mounted units wading through knee-deep snowdrifts and helicopters hovering overhead. Hundreds of community volunteers have banged on doors, checked backyards and alleyways, garages and wooded areas, and handed out flyers with Ariel's image on them. Hoping for a clue, a sign — even a shoelace — that could point searchers in the direction of the lost child.
Last Friday night about a hundred people — strangers, neighbours and friends, many holding candles — gathered in front of the Kouakou family home. Ariel's friend organized the vigil. They were 10, like Ariel, and it was their birthday.
“I don't want gifts,” Gabrielle Fournier-Villeneuve told Global News. “I want to bring hope to those who've lost it.”
Three days later, the police divers took to the river, dragging sleds loaded with propane heaters, scuba tanks, stepladders, heavy ropes and tools for boring through the ice.
“There's ice and snow that's blocking the light, so the divers can see about three feet — not more — in front of them,” Montreal police Sgt. Manuel Couture told The Canadian Press.
On Monday morning, as the police went to work, a reporter asked Ariel's father how they were managing to stay strong.
“I am from the Ivory Coast,” Kouadio Frederic Kouakou told Radio-Canada. “In our country, the father is the central pillar. If I crumble, everything will crumble around me, and I don't want that.”
— With files from news services
• Email: joconnor@nationalpost.com | Twitter: oconnorwrites
Everyone wants to have a financially secure retirement, but to get there, you'll have to save and plan. Just getting started with a retirement savings strategy can be the hardest part of getting on the road to retiring richer.
Once you've begun, though, there are some things you can do to make the journey a little bit easier. The following tips can help you boost your savings without feeling like you're sacrificing and give you the mental shove forward you need to keep up your momentum in striving toward your financial goals.
Glass jar with sticky note labeled Retirement holding cash, on a flat surface next to a calculator.
Getty Images
1. Save half your raises
The best way to save money is before you think you have it. That's a big reason why so many employers have moved toward automatically enrolling their employees in 401(k) retirement plans, because it gets workers into the habit of saving, sometimes without even realizing it.
Yet the problem with most automatic enrollment plans is that they start you out saving only small amounts of your pay, often 3 percent. You can increase that amount yourself at any time, but your take-home pay will go down as a result.
The simple answer: Wait until you get a raise and boost your contributions at that time. For instance, if you get a 2 percent raise, increase your 401(k) contribution rate by 1 percentage point. That way, half of your raise will go toward your retirement, but you'll still get the psychological boost of seeing your paychecks go up.
2. Invest half of your tax refund
When it comes to saving, big chunks of money that you can potentially set aside are few and far between. One area where many people have an opportunity to do this is with their tax refunds. Millions of taxpayers get refunds of $1,000 or more each year. For someone making near the typical household income of around $50,000, saving half of a $1,000 tax refund is the same as boosting your 401(k) contribution by 1 percentage point.
Again, you could save all of your refund instead of half, but where many people get bogged down in their savings strategy is that they get tired of never getting any immediate reward for their efforts. By hanging on to a portion of your refund, you'll get the payoff now while also setting yourself up for future success.
More: Retirement complications: Beware of hidden taxes when the career ends
More: 8 reasons you're overpaying for healthcare
More: 7 in 10 Americans are falling short in this key personal finance area
3. Set aside half your side-job earnings
Working a second job has been a time-honored tradition to save more money, but the rise of the gig economy has made side jobs more popular than ever. With estimates of 40 to 50 million Americans taking on work on the side to earn more money, there are ample opportunities to boost your income.
Admittedly, many people work second jobs because they must in order to make ends meet. But if your most important long-term priority is putting yourself in position to retire as rich as possible, taking a portion of your earnings from a side job can be a great way to supplement the savings from your primary employment and get your retirement nest egg growing that much faster.
Gain without pain
Retiring rich is just a dream for many Americans, but you can make it a reality -- if you're committed to it. Yet saving for retirement doesn't have to be painful. By making incremental changes like the ones mentioned above, you'll be able to reach your financial goals more easily over the long haul.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Offer from the Motley Fool: The $16,728 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known "Social Security secrets" could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $16,728 more... each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after. Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Swearing, stage fighting and winner speech strops – the Brit Awards have had it all over the years, but whether there will be the same histrionics from 2017's music stars remains to be seen.
Here's everything you need to know about the 2017 Brit Awards, from how to watch to who's performing.
What time are the 2017 Brit Awards on TV?
The Brits will be shown live on ITV on Tuesday 22 February from 7.30pm.
Clara Amfo, Laura Jackson and Alice Levine will host coverage of the red carpet on ITV2 from 6.30pm - 7.30pm and will then go backstage from 10pm to 11pm.
Who are the Brits hosts this year?
Dermot O'Leary and Emma Willis will be trying to maintain order as the show gets underway, taking over from last year's hosts Ant and Dec. The pair have been brought in after original host Michael Bublé was forced to pull out after it was revealed their young son had liver cancer.
“Firstly, my immediate thoughts and prayers are with Michael and their family at such a difficult time," said O'Leary as the news was announced. "Michael is an effortless showman, so those patent shoes will not be easy to fill, but it's an honour to be asked to step in with Emma to host the Brits."
Who are the Brit Award nominees?
David Bowie is up for two posthumous awards on the night, while the current crop of British talent is represented by Skepta and Little Mix with three nominations apiece. Check out the full shortlist here.
Can I vote for the winner?
You can vote now to decide who wins Best British Video and Best British Breakthrough Act – head to this link to find out more. Voting closes on the 17th February.
Who is performing at this year's Brit Awards?
The full line-up has now been confirmed. Expect performances from Katy Perry, Ed Sheeran, Bruno Mars, The 1975, Little Mix, Emeli Sandé and Skepta.
Brit Icon Robbie Williams will also be performing on the night.
Did you say Brit Icon?
Yes, it's a special award for "artists whose writing, recording and performances have made a lasting impact on British culture". Robbie Williams is being given the honour this year, following in the footsteps of Elton John and David Bowie.
Four women have accused celebrity chef Mario Batali of inappropriate touching over the course of two decades, causing the restaurateur and television show host to step aside from their projects for the time being.
The accusations against Batali, which were first published in a report by Eater New York, were made by four women who have at one time worked in the restaurant industry. Three of them were employees of the chef.
Eater New York reported the women asked to remain anonymous in fear of retribution.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mario Batali accused of sexual misconduct 0:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
All the women recounted instances at different points in Batali's career when they say the chef groped them and made inappropriate comments of a sexual nature.
In a statement, Batali apologized and said the accusations described by the women "match up with the way [he has] acted."
Related: Since Weinstein, here's a growing list of men accused of sexual misconduct
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family," the statement said in part.
Batali added that they were stepping away from the "day-to-day operations of my businesses," acknowledging their actions disappointed many people and "the failures are mine alone."
ABC, which airs "The Chew," a show geared at foodies and co-hosted by Batali, said it was reviewing the allegations.
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention. ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment," an ABC spokesperson said.
"While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
Related: New Orleans Chef John Besh Steps Down After Sexual Harassment Allegations
Batali was reprimanded as recently as two months ago for inappropriate workplace behavior, a spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, a restaurant-management services company co-owned by Batali and Joe Bastianich, told Eater New York.
Celebrity chef Mario Batali speaks during an interview at their restaurant, Del Posto, in New York on April 11, 2006. Brendan McDermid / Reuters file
Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group has been sued for harassment before, but not for any action involving Batali, Eater New York reported.
The group told Eater New York in part: “We take these allegations very seriously. We pride ourselves on being a workplace for our employees where they can grow and deliver great service with equal opportunity and free from any discrimination. We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment. We train employees in these policies and we enforce them, up to and including termination. Mr. Batali and we have agreed that they will step away from the company's operations, including the restaurants, and has already done so.”
Joe Bastianich, Batali's hospitality group partner, said in a statement to Eater New York: “Right now, I'm just focused on ensuring that our more than 1,000 employees continue to have a safe and positive work environment.”
In addition to their hospitality group and co-hosting "The Chew," Batali become an industry Goliath by becoming the face of an eponymous pasta sauce brand, creating a host cookbook and a line of kitchen products.
They also began the Mario Batali Foundation, a nonprofit to empower children.
CORRECTION (Dec. 11, 1:55 p.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated the number of women accusing Mario Batali of sexual misconduct who were employees of his. There are three, not four; the fourth accuser did not work for Batali.
THE County Limerick chairperson of ICMSA's national dairy committee says the milk price cuts announced by Kerry and Glanbia raise “fundamental questions about the continued lack of price transparency and whether parts of the supply chain are benefiting from price volatility.”
Gerald Quain, a dairy farmer in Colmanswell, said the decision of both Glanbia and Kerry Group to cut their milk price for February by 3 c/l and 2 c/l respectively is a major blow to farmer confidence.
“It is especially so as we head into the peak milk production months. It shows scant regard to the challenges facing farmers like the still adverse weather conditions, fodder shortages, and increased input costs.
“There's a recurring pattern here that has processors imposing more and more standards and conditions on their farmer-suppliers on the basis that we can move up the value chain and achieve higher prices.
“But then you have decisions like these and farmers are justifiably questioning how milk prices can be cut to such an extent and, just as importantly, who is gobbling up the margin that has been taken from the farmers on foot of this decision?” asked Mr Quain.
The Limerick farmer continued by noting that in terms of price volatility the farmer is consistently taking the hammering, “while still waiting for the long-promised and much trumpeted transparency in the food supply chain so that all links in the food supply chain can finally clearly identify exactly who benefits and gains from this volatility”.
“While farmers understand that markets have been under pressure since late 2017, there has been an demonstrable improvement since the start of 2018 and we cannot continue to see farmers – and farmers alone - be completely exposed to a marketplace that is dominated by large multinationals.
“The decisions of Glanbia and Kerry - given their product mix, scale and investment in value added - is hugely disappointing for farmers and the very abrupt and significant scale of the price cut makes a glaring contrast with their actions when milk price was strengthening.
“Farmers have invested heavily to meet milk processor demands and for farmers to be sustainable, they cannot be subjected to further cuts in milk price,” concluded Mr Quain.
Harold Kingston, former chair of the IFA national environment committee, had a very pointed tweet on Tuesday night.
They wrote: “Two weeks ago the shops couldn't keep up with the panic buying of dairy products. This week it's a race to the bottom for milk prices. Some turnaround.” To continue the analogy – the proverb “eaten bread is soon forgotten” springs to mind.
IFA national dairy chairperson Tom Phelan said farmers have just gone through a long, cold and wet winter, only to experience an extremely late spring and the most severe snow storm in a generation right in the middle of the 2018 calving period.
“We fully acknowledge that market returns are more challenging, with powder and many other commodities weaker than in 2017, though butter prices have been picking up by €310/t since mid-January.
IFA president Joe Healy said farmers are still dealing with the aftermath of Storm Emma, are counting the cost of this freak event and will need further support to deal with the damage and losses.
They called on the government to provide support to help farmers through the difficulties. Mr Healy also asked insurance companies, banks and others to recognise the difficulties farmers face at this time and ensure they can access necessary finance and compensation quickly.
Meanwhile, the IFA president said the Fodder Transport Scheme is not working and must be revised.
“Fodder shortages will become even more apparent following the recent storm as fodder that would have been available from the south and south-east of the country may now be in doubt.”
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
Why it matters to you Many of us may be worried about robots and machines taking over our jobs, but Lyft wants to assuage some of those fears.
Despite the burgeoning interest in driverless cars and autonomous technology, there will always be a place in this world (and in cars) for humans. That, at least, is the stance that Lyft is taking according to its interview with Recode. In a recent episode of the publication's podcast, the company's director of product, Taggart Matthiesen, noted that while Lyft is certainly focusing on self-driving automobiles, their human counterparts will not be forgotten in the face of technological progress.
“Drivers have always been part of our family, they have been core to our service,” Matthiesen said. “As far as I'm concerned, they will continue to be that. Over time, technology will give us the opportunity to provide additional services on our platform, whether that is a concierge service, whether that is an in-vehicle experience … these are all things that we will slowly evolve and work with our drivers on.”
This certainly comes as encouragement and reassurance to those who fear that their jobs may soon be obviated by the rise of the machine. After all, robots have previously been estimated to have the capacity to replace some 5 million jobs in the next three years. However, given that most of these jobs will likely be lower level, administrative roles, this replacement could also herald the dawn of a more creative and innovative era in the human workforce.
In any case, Lyft is making clear that it has no intentions of completely turning to robots and machines when it comes to its own driving fleet. Already, Matthiesen said, the company has formed an “advisory council” tasked with “proactively reaching out about the future of human workers in self-driving cars.” And ultimately, the director noted, Lyft might “never be 100 percent” autonomous. Why? Because when push comes to shove, there are some scenarios in which human empathy and understanding are necessary.
“If I need to go to the doctor's office and my leg is in a cast, and I can't drive, we have a service for that,” Matthiesen said. “If you get into the world of autonomous, we may need someone in that vehicle to help that person. There are things we're doing beyond getting a passenger from point A to point B, additional services that we as a company can look at.”
Acura's MDX crossover is packed with comfort, luxury, and tech features at prices significantly lower than comparable Volvo, BMW, and Mercedes-Benz models. After the 2017 model year's design refresh and addition of a new hybrid drivetrain, there are no substantive changes to the 2018 Acura MDX. The midsize, three-row MDX is the larger of Acura's two crossover models — the other is the RDX, which is scheduled to launch a new generation in 2019.
Acura, the luxury brand of Honda Motor Company, packs each MDX trim with luxury, comfort, and a higher-than-usual assortment of standard safety and driver-assistance tech. Choosing an MDX model is extraordinarily simple compared to other crossovers: Pick an engine and drivetrain from three possibilities, thenchoose at most two of three available option packages, and the big decisions are over. Finally, select your colors and accessories, and you're good to go. We further break down the differences between the three MDX versions further below.
2018 Acura MDX engines
Acura MDX models have one of two direct-injection V6 engines. Both motors have 24-valve, SOHC i-VTEC valvetrains with drive-by-wire throttles and 100,000 mile tune-up intervals. Each engine is also paired with a 6-speed automatic transmission with paddle shifters. Premium unleaded 91 octane gasoline is recommended for both engines.
The MDX FWD and AWD models' 3.5-liter V6 pumps out 290 horsepower at 6,200 rpm and 267 pound-feet of torque at 4,700 rpm. Environmental Protection Agency fuel ratings differ with the FWD and AWD models and also depending upon the presence of Acura's Idle Stop technology, part of the Advance option package.
A FWD MDX without Idle Stop is EPA-rated to average 19 mpg in city driving, 27 mpg on the highway, and 22 mpg combined. With Idle Stop, the ratings are 20 mpg city, 27 mpg highway, and 23 mpg combined.
AWD MDX models take a slight fuel economy hit. Without Idle Stop, the AWD MDX rating average is 18 mpg city, 26 mpg highway, and 21 mpg combined. With Idle Stop, the average is 16 mpg city, 26 mpg on the highway, and 22 mpg combined.
The MDX Sport Hybrid combines a 3.0-liter V6 making 257 hp at 6,300 rpm and 218 lb-ft of torque at 5,000 rpm with three electric motors powered by lithium-ion batteries. The front engine electric motor generates the equivalent of 47 hp at 3,000 rpm and 109 lb-ft of torque at 500 to 2,000 rpm. Dual rear electric motors are each good for 36 hp at 4,000 RPM and 54 lb-ft of torque at 0 to 2,000 rpm. The combined system is rated at 321 horsepower and 289 lb-ft of torque.
The EPA rating for the MDX Sport Hybrid is 26 mpg city, 27 mpg highway, and 27 mpg combined. Sport Hybrid MDX's don't have an Idle Stop option.
2018 Acura MDX safety and driver -ssist tech
All 2018 MDX models have collision-mitigation braking, lane-keeping assistance, and adaptive cruise control with low speed follow. Low speed follow maintains a desired distance from the vehicle in front at speeds under the set speed. Rearview cameras and automatic high-beam headlamp adjustment are also standard.
Two option packages add assistance features among other upgrades. The Technology Package includes blind-spot monitoring with rear cross-traffic alerts and rain-sensing front windshield wipers. The Advance Package, which is a superset of the Technology Package, adds front and rear parking sensors and a surround-view camera system.
The MDX Sport Hybrid model is available only with either the Technology Package or the Advance Package. The table below of standard and optional safety features for each MDX configuration reflects those in the Technology Package for the hybrid.
Passive safety/driver assist features 2018 MDX FWD 2018 MDX SH-AWD 2018 MDX Sport Hybrid Rearview camera with backup assist gridlines Standard Standard Standard Blind-spot monitoring with rear cross-traffic alert Optional Optional Standard Adaptive cruise control with low speed follow Standard Standard Standard Auto high-beam headlamp Standard Standard Standard Lane-keeping assist, lane-keeping alert Standard Standard Standard Rain-sensing front wipers Optional Optional Standard Parking assistance front and rear Optional Optional Optional 360-degree camera Optional Optional Optional Collision mitigation braking Standard Standard Standard
How to choose a 2018 Acura MDX
The MDX standard feature set is deep and wide. All versions have antilock braking systems with electronic brake distribution, emergency brake assist, and hill start assist. High-performance tires on 18-inch wheels are standard for MDX FWD and AWD models without option packages. Otherwise, the crossovers ride on 20-inch wheels.
Every MDX has LED headlights and taillights, power moonroofs, power tailgates, leather seats with power-adjustable and heated front seats, keyless entry with push-button start, tri-zone automatic climate control, four USB ports and three 12-volt power outlets, and active sound control.
The standard infotainment setup with an 8-inch color display includes the Acura Premium Audio System with eight speakers, a CD/MP3/WMA compatible disc player, Bluetooth streaming audio support, and SiriusXM Satellite Radio with advanced features. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto support are both new for 2018. Other features include a compass, Homelink transmitter, a maintenance reminder system, and a multi-information display.
MDX handling tech for all models includes road departure mitigation, vehicle stability assistant with traction control and motion adaptive steering, and trailer stability assistance (for the AWD gas model only).
MDX option packages
Rather than offer a bewildering array of feature upgrades and options, Acura has three option packages: Technology, Advance, and Entertainment.
The Technology Package, a $4,400 option, bundles integrated navigation, HD Radio, and voice recognition for navigation, audio, climate control, and Bluetooth hands-free operation. The package also includes remote engine start, blind-spot monitoring with rear cross-traffic alerts, 20-inch wheels, rain-sensing wipers, and power folding side mirrors with puddle lights.
Adding to or replacing features in the Technology Package, the $10,400 Advance Package bumps up comfort, convenience, and safety with perforated Milano leather seating and trim with contrast stitching and piping, natural wood trim, and second-row captain's chairs with a center console (no console if you also order the Entertainment package).
Other Advance Package features include a heated steering wheel, surround-view camera system, LED fog lights, the Idle Stop system that saves a bit of gas, heated and ventilated rear seats, auto-dimming side mirrors, and front and rear parking sensors.
You can't order an MDX with both the Technology and Advance Packages for the same car because the Advance Package is a superset that encompasses the less expensive option.
You cannot order the $2,000 Entertainment Package without ordering either the Technology Package or the Advance Package, and the exact features differ depending on the other package included. The Entertainment bundle includes a DVD rear entertainment system with a 9-inch 800×600 full VGA screen (a 16.2-inch screen with the Advance Package). Also on the list are seven-passenger seating with second-row heated outboard seats, two wireless headphone sets, and second-row sunshades.
2018 MDX trim levels
With the MDX's wide range of standard features and shared option packages, there's little difference between the two gasoline power-only models other than front-wheel drive on the MDX FWD and the MDX SH-AWD's all-wheel drive. Acura differentiates the Sport Hybrid trim bit more than the other two, but not by much.
So, other than colors and accessories, choosing a 2018 Acura MDX trim starts with the engine. If you want the hybrid model, then you also get AWD. If you are fine with the gas-only engine, decide on FWD or AWD. Pick one or two of the available option packages, and that's it. The MDX FWD starts at $44,200, and the SH-AWD starts at $46,200. Two grand gets you better traction with a 1-mpg penalty.
The MDX Sport Hybrid starts at $51,960 with the Technology Package. You cannot buy the Sport Hybrid without the Technology Package or the Advance Package. Also, the Entertainment Package is not available with the Sport Hybrid trim.
And that's it. The least expensive trim starting price is the MFX FWD with no option package for $44,200. The most expensive model is the MDX Sport Hybrid for $58,000 with the Advance Package.
(Philip Toscano/PA via AP). A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
(AP Photo/Ben Curtis). Madison Keys of the US arrives for the women's singles match against Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand on the third day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
LONDON (AP) - The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
7:55 p.m.
Kristina Mladenovic advanced to a Wimbledon third-round meeting with Serena Williams after defeating Tatjana Maria 6-2, 6-2.
The 62nd-ranked Mladenovic was only slowed by a 30-minute rain delay as they cruised to victory without facing a break point. Williams progressed earlier with a 6-1, 6-4 victory over Viktoriya Tomova.
Although play swiftly resumed on Centre Court - and also on No. 1 Court where third-seeded Marin Cilic was two sets up against Guido Pella - a second shower that began as Mladenovic clinched victory has seen play suspended on all courts once more.
A number of other matches on the men's side of the draw remain in the balance. Ninth-seeded John Isner is serving at 3-4 in the fifth set against Belgian qualifier Ruben Bemelmans.
After knocking out sixth-seeded Grigor Dimitrov, Stan Wawrinka is struggling to back up their first-round performance as they trail Italian qualifier Thomas Fabbiano by two sets.
___
7 p.m.
Play has been halted by rain at Wimbledon. It's the first rain break of this year's tournament after two days of sunshine.
___
6:50 p.m.
Jan-Lennard Struff will face Roger Federer in the third round at Wimbledon after a 6-7 (5), 3-6, 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 13-11 comeback victory over Ivo Karlovic.
Despite being on the receiving end of 61 aces from Karlovic, the 64th-ranked Struff prevailed in just short of four hours as they sent down 31 aces of their own.
The final point count was 206-205 in Struff's favor, with the German player's first break of serve coming in the last game of the match.
Their reward is a meeting with defending champion Federer, who earlier defeated Lukas Lacko 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
___
5:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki has made another early exit from Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion lost 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia in a second-round match after being bothered by a swarm of flying insects in the second set.
Wozniacki has never been past the round of 16 at Wimbledon, and this is the fourth time in seven years they have lost in the first or second round.
The second-seeded Dane saved four match points at 5-3 in the final set before breaking back to level the match. But they were broken again in the last game.
Organizers used bug spray after Wozniacki complained to the chair umpire about the insects.
 They are the fifth of the top eight women seeds to lose before the third round.
___
5:45 p.m.
Serena Williams continued their Wimbledon return by moving into the third round with an emphatic 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova.
The seven-time champion lost just five of 32 points on their first serve as they took a little over an hour to triumph against their 135th-ranked opponent.
Williams was unable to defend their 2016 Wimbledon title last year because they were pregnant.
Despite their ranking having fallen to 181, Williams is seeded 25th this year.
The 36-year-old American next faces German Tatjana Maria or Kristina Mladenovic of France.
___
5:05 p.m.
Second-seeded Caroline Wozniacki is battling a difficult opponent and a swarm of flying bugs at Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion complained to the chair umpire about the bugs that invaded No. 1 Court after they lost the first set 6-4 against Ekaterina Makarova of Russia. After shaking their head repeatedly on court to get the flying insects out of their hair, the Dane asked for bug spray to be used.
That seemed to do the trick - at least when it came to improving their own game. Wozniacki won the second set 6-1 to level the match.
___
4:25 p.m.
Gael Monfils overcame Paolo Lorenzi 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to set up a third-round meeting with 2017 Wimbledon semifinalist Sam Querrey.
After hitting just four winners in the opening set, the 44th-ranked Monfils improved to a total of 49 for the match and reached the third round at the England Club for the seventh time in their career.
The Frenchman has never been beyond that stage and to do so will have to defeat 11th-seeded Querrey.
Querrey earlier eased past Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3 to advance to the third round for a third successive year.
Last year Querrey defeated Andy Murray to reach their first Grand Slam semifinal, where they were defeated by Marin Cilic.
___
4:15 p.m.
Roger Federer won 35 straight points on their own serve en route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 in the second round of Wimbledon.
Federer didn't drop a point on their serve in the entire second set and kept that streak going until they were 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third, when Lacko sent a backhand winner down the line.
In total, the eight-time champion lost just nine of 61 points on their serve and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
___
3:45 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as they prepare for their second-round match at Wimbledon.
And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. Their coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account, showing them and Rosengren at practice - posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation's soccer jersey.
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan their country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping their third-round match on Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
3:15 p.m.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set, and once again dominated the rest of the way to win.
The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club.
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set, in which they made 12 unforced errors, twice as many as Dulgheru. Nine of those were errant forehands.
But the American, the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago, then won seven games in a row.
In the first round, Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
___
3:05 p.m.
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of their career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in their 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as they cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but they had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on their second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when they walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for their opening match after ending their decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said they didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said they were not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's their business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. They were joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making their first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament - having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Venus Williams and Jimmy Buffett headed to Advertising Week The biggest trade show in the city, Advertising Week New York, is slated to kick off Monday, pulling over 100,000 people to five days of seminars, panel discussions and pop-star...
Adweek exec quits for second time Michael Burgi is calling it quits at Adweek — for the second time. They were most recently the director of editorial partnerships, rejoining in early 2013. Burgi had earlier been...
Adweek sells for $20M, but Clio Awards remains without buyer Adweek was sold for about $20 million to the Toronto-based Beringer Capital on Monday — but many observers were surprised that the Clio Awards that were also being shopped were...
Adweek's former owner may be returning Ken Fadner, owner of the digital news site MediaPost and long-ago owner of Adweek, is said to be interested in acquiring the ad trade pub once again. Todd Boehly, who...
AdWeek, Clio Awards put up for sale The media company controlled by Todd Boehly that owns Adweek, the Clio Awards show and web site Mediabistro has retained investment banking firm DBA Partners to explore a sale of...
TMZ is the hottest digital brand of the year The closely watched Adweek Hot List hits on Dec. 8 and Media Ink can exclusively reveal that one of the biggest winners will be TMZ, the Time Warner-owned celebrity gossip...
‘Bomb' cover a hit for Rolling Stone's most controversial cover of 2013 has turned into an award winner. Jann Wenner's pop culture title was ripped by critics this summer for putting Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar...
Share
PORTLAND, Oregon — December 6, 2017: Digital Trends has revealed its overall favorite products of 2017. To celebrate the best technology products with a 2017 launch date, the staff chose gear across 10 categories – Cars, Computing, Emerging Tech, Entertainment, Gaming, Home Theater, Mobile, Outdoors, Photography, and Smart Home. Nintendo Switch, the much-coveted portable gaming device, earned top honors for the year.
“Our testing and judging procedure is focused on technological advancements, as well as the experience for the consumer,” said Jeremy Kaplan, editor-in-chief, DigitalTrends.com. “We are especially excited with the advances in new and emerging categories like Outdoor and Smart Home, where the advancement seems to be happening at hyperspeed.”
The 2017 Digital Trends Best Products
Overall: Nintendo Switch
Cars: Honda Civic Type R
Computing: Microsoft Surface Pro
Emerging Tech: Formlabs Fuse 1 (3D Printer)
Entertainment: Blade Runner 2049
Gaming: The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
Home Theater: LG C7 OLED
Mobile: iPhone X
Outdoors: BioLite Firepit
Photography: Sony A9
Smart Home: Google Home Mini
Image copyright Getty Images
It's almost 50 years since abortion was legalised in Britain and we would like to hear your experiences surrounding the issue.
The 1967 Abortion Act was a bid to end life-threatening backstreet practices, that were often the only option for many women who wanted a termination.
Around the world abortion remains a personally polarising and politically divisive issue.
In some countries, abortion is banned, while in others it is only allowed in particular circumstances. In places such as the United States, the new leadership is having a direct impact on the services available.
Gathering accurate official statistics on abortion rates can be difficult because they often go unreported especially if they are carried out illegally. However, the American Guttmacher Institute puts the global figure between 2010-2014 at an estimated 56 million terminations each year.
The figures vary significantly from country to country and the institute reported that women in developing areas of the world were more likely to have an abortion than those in developed regions.
Last year the UK's Department of Health reported that there were 190,406 abortions carried out in England and Wales, slightly lower than the figure for 2015.
Tell us how abortion has touched your life. Have you had an abortion or have you been affected in another way? Let us know by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways:
If you want the best possible picture from an LG TV, you're going to want to look at its OLED models, but they're fairly expensive and not everyone wants to spend that kind of money on a TV — even a really good one. LG is aware of this, and is constantly working to improve its LCD models. The latest result of the company's efforts to that end is the SJ9500 Super UHD TV, which LG says provides its best 4K LCD picture quality ever.
To achieve this, LG uses a quantum dot film developed by the company's display division that it calls Nano Cell, which allows for more accurate colors, deeper blacks, and a wider viewing angle. While conventional LCD displays can lose nearly 60 percent of their color and contrast when viewed from off to the side, LG says the SJ9500 maintains 95 percent at the same angles, meaning you don't have to fight over the best seat in the house, at least not for picture-related reasons.
More: LG debuts Tone Free headset and Tone Studio wearable speaker ahead of CES
As expected in a premium TV these days, the SJ9500 supports high dynamic range (HDR), with both the HDR10 and Dolby Vision formats supported. The TV features Active HDR, which LG says analyzes and optimizes HDR10 content on a scene-by-scene basis, making for an even better HDR experience. The new models also include support for Advanced HDR, developed by Technicolor, as well as a feature LG calls HDR Effect. This feature has the further ability to process standard dynamic range content in order to simulate HDR, making for a more colorful picture, even with older content.
The SJ9500 doesn't use a front cover, which helps keep the thickness of the bezel down, making for a nearly edge-to-edge look. As LG's premium UHD LCD TV, it uses a metal design and uniquely shaped stand that allow it to maintain an impressive look without dominating your living room — at least not until it's turned on.
More: LG's levitating PJ9 Bluetooth speaker expected to take off at CES
Alongside the SJ9500, the company is also introducing two other series, the SJ8500 and SJ8000. These offer the same type of display technology and features, though they aren't quite as thin and lights as the SJ9500, which is just 6.9 mm thick at its thinnest point.
As of yet, there is no word on the pricing for these TVs or when we might see them released. As for how the SJ9500 performs, LG is showing the TV at CES in Las Vegas, so you can be sure that we'll check it out and report back with our impressions.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions became the latest official in the Trump administration to defend the president's comments following the car-ramming attack in Charlottesville, while promising the Department of Justice would take “vigorous action” to defend the rights of Americans to protest bigotry.
“Well [Trump] made a very strong statement that directly contradicted the ideology of hatred, violence, bigotry, racism, white supremacy — those things must be condemned in this country,” Sessions told TODAY on Monday. “They're totally unacceptable, and you can be sure that this Department of Justice, in their administration, is going to take the most vigorous action to protect the right of people, like Heather Heyer, to protest against racism and bigotry.”
Heyer, a 32-year-old counter-protester, was killed and 19 people were injured after James Alex Fields Jr., 20, allegedly rammed their car through a crowd.
“We're going to protect the right to assemble and march and we're going to prosecute anybody to the fullest extent of the law that violates the right to do so, you can be sure about that,” Sessions said.
Fields has been charged with second-degree murder, among other counts, for the alleged attack.
Sessions said that terrorism investigators from the FBI are working on the case with civil rights specialists and attorneys at the Department of Justice.
“It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute,” Sessions said. “We are pursuing it in the Department of Justice in every way that we can make it — make a case. You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigations toward the most serious charges that can be brought because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America.”
The vehicle rammed through the crowd during a day that saw clashes between white supremacists attending a “Unite the Right” rally held in Charlottesville and counter-protesters.
President Donald Trump faced bipartisan criticism after suggesting “many sides” were to blame for the violence in Charlottesville. Trump did not denounce the white supremacist groups by name, but an official White House statement later called them out using their specific monikers.
“I thought it was a pretty good statement delivered just a few hours after the event. The next day — yesterday — they explicitly called out the Nazis and the KKK by name,” Sessions said.
Sessions implied Trump was speaking to the deep-seated issues of violence that have happened historically in America.
Related: Pence Defends Trump From Critics of Charlottesville Remarks
Police booking photo of James Alex Fields Jr. Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail / EPA
“We've had violence around the country in any number of ways over decades. We've had these spasms of violence that are unacceptable in America,” Sessions said. “He did say they aren't just talking about Donald Trump or Barack Obama — they said these problems have been going on for a long time.”
On Saturday, a federal civil rights investigation was launched by the Department of Justice into the deadly car-ramming attack.
“The violence and deaths in Charlottesville strike at the heart of American law and justice,” Sessions said on Saturday. “When such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred, they betray our core values and cannot be tolerated.”
The FBI said in a statement Saturday that it, the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia have opened a civil rights investigation into the car striking the crowd of people.
The investigation will examine the actual ramming attack itself, whether it was pre-meditated, and — if it is determined the attack was planned — if others were involved.
Acting U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Virginia Rick Mountcastle and the Civil Rights Division in Washington will head up the federal investigation.
However, the greater issue of clashes between the rallying white supremacists and counter-protesters is currently not under investigation.
Sessions said on Saturday the federal investigation “will have the full support of the Department of Justice.”
“Justice will prevail,” they said.
TAMARAC, Fla. — Florida deputies say a man meant to kill themselves — and accidentally killed their roommate and their dog as well — by running their car in their garage.
Broward Sheriff's spokesperson Gina Carter told reporters that the first man was found dead with a suicide note in the garage Wednesday morning. They found the bodies of their roommate and dog inside the townhome in Tamarac, also apparently killed by carbon monoxide fumes from the car.
Carter said the deaths of the second man and the dog appeared to be an accident. The men's names have not been released.
Firefighters evacuated the connecting townhomes, but no one else required treatment.
WASHINGTON — The Latest on efforts in Congress to reach a deal on a $1.3 trillion spending bill (all times local):
1:55 p.m.
Congressional Democrats have rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $25 billion in funding for President Donald Trump's long-sought U.S.-Mexico border wall.
The development came as talks continued on a massive $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill.
Aides said efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, appeared likely to fail.
Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now.
The White House Sunday proposed a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall — but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants.
The aides required anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the ongoing talks.
—-
12:51 a.m.
Congressional leaders and the White House are pressing to strike an accord on a $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill.
Standing in the way are disputes over immigration, abortion and a massive New York-New Jersey rail project that pits President Donald Trump against their most powerful Democratic adversary, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
An agreement by Monday would pave the way for a House vote on Wednesday. Action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The measure carries political and policy victories for both sides. Republicans and Trump are winning a long-sought budget increase for the Pentagon while Democrats obtain funding for infrastructure, the opioid crisis and a wide swath of domestic programs.
Coupled with last year's tax cut measure, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits.
WYCD Hoedown artist Tyler Rich admits they don't binge watch a lot of television because he's usually all caught up on the shows they watch regularly, including Game of Thrones, although they admit it took them a while to warm to that show. “It took me a few times to watch the first three episodes before I got hooked,” says Tyler, who is a huge animal lover, especially dogs. They struggled because says, “They kill off the pups, the direwolves, they kill ‘em in the first like three episodes and I was like, ‘I can't watch this. What is this? Killing dogs or wolves?' And then I watched like the third time and I was hooked.”
Other shows “The Difference” singer enjoys or enjoyed include Breaking Bad and Walking Dead.
A bride has died after a gas explosion happened on their honeymoon. The same blast killed their husband amnd had happened one night after they wedded Omer Baloch, 33.
Saniyah Ahmed, 26, lost their fight for life two weeks after the explosion. Omer suffered up to 95 per cent burns and died the next day.
Police are investigating if Saniyah, who suffered 50 per cent burns, was targeted in an “honour killing” in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.
Saniyah's father Aftab Ahmed said:
“Doctors told us they were totally out of danger but on Thursday morning they lost their battle for life.
“She has been buried next to their husband Omer's grave. They could not live together in this life but will rest alongside each other for ever.”
The state-run gas department said the explosion was caused by a light being switched on after a leak.
A police official in Pakistan said:
Dreamy sweet and melty, milk chocolate permeates the history of American sweets. It's the gooey inside of a s'more, the sweet coating on a chocolate bar and the powder we stir into our milk. Store shelves are stacked with options — from chunks and bars to syrups — but for this Taste-Off, we concentrated on milk chocolate chips.
We snatched up every milk-chocolate chip on local store shelves and followed it by a tasting of the chips in both grab-from-the-bag and baked form. The results were surprising.
Unlike more pure forms of chocolate, milk chocolate includes a handful of necessary additives, including sugar, milk, added fat and flavors. When those ingredients are top-quality and perfectly balanced, they transform the bitter flavor of cacao into a fresh, decadent, milky bite.
Related Articles Taste-Off: Best bone broths — and the icky ones
Taste-off: The best — and worst — coconut milk Unfortunately, far too many milk chocolate chips miss the mark. Too much sugar, bad milk powder, odd flavored fats and those so-called “natural flavors” make for some strange-flavored chips that will ruin just about anything they touch.
Labels aren't much help, either. Nearly all these chocolates contain milk, sugar, cocoa, vanilla and lecithin. The best have the fewest ingredients, use fresh milk and always use real vanilla. They also have at least a touch of sodium. But some of the worst have the same list of ingredients — in different proportions.
Here's the scoop on the best milk chocolate chips — and the inedible failures. Nutrition details refer to a 15-gram serving, which is about 1 tablespoon of chocolate morsels.
Ghirardelli Premium Milk Chocolate Baking Chips
Everything about these extra-rich, medium-sized chips is right. Their deep chocolate and fresh milk flavors work eaten out of hand and in baked goods. 70 calories, 3.5 g fat, 10 g sodium, 10 g sugar. $4.49 for 11.5 ounces at Whole Foods; widely available. (4 stars)
365 Jumbo Milk Chocolate Chips (27 percent cacao)
Creamy rich and seductively fruity, these oversized chips boast bold chocolate flavor, underscored by a hit of chocolate liquor. A bit more sodium would kick it to the top. 80 calories, 4 g fat, 5 mg sodium, 10 g sugar. $3.99 for 10 ounces at Whole Foods. (3½ stars)
Guittard Milk Chocolate Baking Chips (31 percent cacao)
There is precious little chocolate flavor in these oversized chips, but the milky caramel flavor and buttery texture are big wins, especially when the chips are baked into a salty cookie. 80 calories, 4.5 g fat, 10 mg sodium, 9 g sugar. $4.99 for 11.5 ounces at Whole Foods; widely available. (3½ stars)
Hershey's Mini Kisses Milk Chocolate Chips
The extra hit of salt in these creamy, familiar-tasting chips is genius, as it tones down the sugar and balances out the flavors. 70 calories, 4.5 g fat, 20 g sodium, 8 g sugar. $2.11 on clearance for a 10-ounce bag at Target. (2½ stars)
Nestle's Toll House Milk Chocolate Chips
Out of hand, these are familiar — yet bland and lackluster. Tucked into a ball of cookie dough, they move up a notch. The slightly acidic flavor of the chip works well in extra-sweet cookies. 70 calories, 4 g fat, no sodium, 8 g sugar. $3.99 for 11.5 ounces at Safeway; widely available. (2½ stars)
Hershey's Kitchens Milk Chocolate Chips
The taste of cocoa powder is pleasant, but grainy texture and way too much sugar make for a lesser chocolate chip, especially when baked into a cookie. 70 calories, 4.5 g fat, 10 mg sodium, 8 g sugar. $2.49 at Target. (2 stars)
Signature Kitchens Milk Chocolate Chips
Silky and creamy? Yes. But the unfortunate stale milk and too much sugar smother the chocolate in these chips. 80 calories, 4.5 g fat, 10 g sodium, 9 g sugar. $2.50 on sale for 11.5 ounces at Safeway. (1 star)
Sunny Select Real Milk Chocolate Chips
These oversweet, unbalanced chips taste like a cheap chocolate bunny, the week after Easter. 80 calories, 4 g fat, 5 g sodium, 10 g sugar. $2.99 for 12 ounces at Lucky. (½ a star)
Market Pantry Milk Chocolate Chips
These taste so much like warmed-up plastic, you might as well chop up the wrapper and add it to your cookie dough. The wrapper might even add flavor. 80 calories, 4 g fat, 5 mg sodium, 10 g sugar. $2.29 for 11.5 ounces at Target. (No stars)
Reviews are based on product samples purchased by this newspaper or provided by manufacturers. Contact Jolene Thym at timespickyeater@gmail.com. Read more Taste-off columns at www.mercurynews.com/tag/taste-off.
CASINO
Bermuda has approved a controversial amendment to its gambling legislation that critics claim concentrates too much regulatory power in too few hands.
On Friday night, Bermuda's parliament approved the Casino Gaming Amendment Act 2017, which was introduced by the ruling Progressive Labour Party (PLP) in November. The vote was cast along strict party lines, with members of the opposition One Bermuda Alliance (OBA) party all voting against the Act.
The primary function of the bill is to require the Bermuda Casino Gaming Commission (BCGC) to follow “general directions” on gaming policy put forward by Jamahl Simmons (pictured), the Minister of Economic Development and Tourism. The Minister would also have the authority to replace BCGC members as the Minister “considers appropriate.”
Gaming industry stakeholders and OBA MPs had protested these changes, saying the amended Act would neuter the formerly independent BCGC by making it a slave to the whims and wishes of the minister.
BCGC chairperson Alan Dunch, who only recently replaced the outgoing Richard Schuetz, resigned last month after the Act was introduced. Dunch's deputy, Gerry Madeiros, followed their former boss out the door last week, as did commissioner Derek Ramm, leaving just two commissioners in place. Magistrate Cheryl Ann Mapp has been tapped to replace Dunch as chairperson.
Bermuda is currently vetting applicants for the Caribbean nation's first licensed casino operations. Critics say the Act allows Simmons a free hand in picking casino winners and losers, but Simmons told reporters that the Act “will not allow me to decide who gets casino licenses,” nor will it allow them (or future Ministers) “to interfere with corruption investigations.”
Prior to Friday's vote, Simmons amended the Act to “provide specific conditions” on the Minister's ability to fire BCGC commissioners, while requiring that dismissal orders be provided in writing “to ensure that there is a clear and unambiguous record of any directions provided by the Minister.”
Simmons claimed these late tweaks would preserve “the intent of an independent Commission and prevents the arbitrary, unjustified removal of members” of the BCGC.
Unimpressed by these assurances, former Bermuda premier Michael Dunkley added their name to those opposed to the changes. Dunkley insisted that the BCGC needed to be “as apolitical as possible” and warned that the transfer of power to the Minister would “backfire” on the PLP.
Dunkley said “the future for gaming looks bleak” under the new regime, while wondering why the PLP didn't suggest imposing top-down control of the BCGC when the OBA government proposed its original gaming legislation three years ago.
Comments
Stop deleting those texts and get outside. Sports/Fitness Day at the White House Wednesday. POTUS stated they would like to reverse the trend in declining sports participation. Planned activities for the attending yutes included throwing the pigskin with N.J. General Herschel Walker. Putting your opponent to sleep with Mariano Rivera. “Naturally” look like the Hulk, Lou Ferrigno or throwing on your two-piece for a little beach volleyball with Misty May-Treanor. Colin Kaepernick was not invited but some of the kids reportedly waited in the West Wing while the anthem played. … Yawn. In what has become a two-team league we'll take the Warriors over the LeBrons in five.
Thursday afternoon in Motown. Angels' Andrew Heaney allowed one run over six innings to the Yankees on Friday. Expecting more of the same pitching to the Tigers. 20 units on the Angels.
In what may be an October preview the Yankees took two of three from the Astros. Luis Severino raised their record to 8-1 after allowing two runs, while striking out 11 over seven strong innings. Win slices our deficit to -594 stottlemyres.
Tonight's World of Outlaws race scheduled for Fairbury Speedway has been rained out and will be made up next Tuesday.
Depending on one's tastes, a new exchange-traded fund could be one of the most fun investments of all time.
The AdvisorShares Vice ETF is dedicated to the so-called “sin stocks” of the market, or companies that deal in products seen as vices. The fund is scheduled to launch on Tuesday under the ticker symbol “ACT,” the letters of which stand for alcohol, cannabis, and tobacco, the three main focuses of the actively managed ETF.
“We're not making any kind of moral judgment or statement about what people want to consume with this focus; there's a strong economic argument for looking at these sectors,” said Dan Ahrens, a managing director AdvisorShares who is serving as the fund's portfolio manager.
“These are all steady, predictable industries, and they're at least recession resistant, if not recession proof, because people smoke and drink no matter what is going on in the economy. Tobacco is one of the most profitable consumer products in the industry, and there's tremendous upside potential in companies with cannabis exposure, as that is an industry that's in its infancy.”
Beyond their being seen as “vices,” there is financial overlap across the industries. Tobacco companies would likely be heavily involved in the event recreational marijuana becomes legal in a broader way than it has of yet, and even alcohol companies have making inroads into the industry. In October, Constellation Brands—the distributor of Corona beer—bought a stake in a marijuana business with the aim of developing drinkable marijuana products.
Read more: Corona beer parent's move into the marijuana business is a smart one
“The large alcohol and tobacco companies have a great deal of knowledge and expertise in working with and navigating the space of highly regulated and taxed products. It's very possible that we could see merger and acquisition activity in these spaces, or joint venture activity,” Ahrens said.
The fund will charge a net expense ratio of 0.75%, which is slightly lower than the average expense ratio for actively managed ETFs. According to 2016 data from Morningstar, the average actively managed U.S. stock ETF charged an expense ratio of 0.864%.
The alcohol, cannabis, and tobacco sectors have all been seeing strong growth of late, and the expansion isn't expected to end soon.
The tobacco industry overall, according to data from Morgan Stanley Investment Management, has seen compounded earnings growth of 7% a year over the past decade, with a yield of 4%, compared with the earnings growth of 0.5% posted by the MSCI World Index, which also has a lower yield.
Morgan Stanley Investment Management added that pricing power, along with the opportunity represented by next-generation products like e-cigarettes, could support the group going forward, helping it extend a lengthy period of strong earnings growth.
The alcohol industry has also been enjoying a period of expansion. Volumes for spirits grew 2.4% last year, according to data provided by the Distilled Spirits Council, while supplier revenue was up 4.5% to $25.2 billion. An ETF dedicated to whiskey companies, the Spirited Funds/ETFMG Whiskey & Spirits ETF WSKY, +0.17% is up 35.6% thus far this year, above the 18.6% rise of the S&P 500 SPX, +0.30%
Read more: Investors should get hooked on tobacco stocks' earnings growth and pricing power
And also: Trump administration could lead to more drinking—through deregulation
The cannabis and legal marijuana industries have also seen blistering growth of late, and that is expected to continue and even accelerate as more states allow expanded uses. By one estimate, the marijuana industry could see $50 billion in annual revenue by 2026—though some of that will come from the still-robust black market. Marijuana sales rose 30% in 2016, according to Arcview Market Research, and they are seen tripling in four years.
Related: An unpopular real estate ETF is remaking itself as a cannabis fund
A similar strategy is already available in mutual fund form: the USA Mutuals Vice Fund VICEX, +0.34% which has outperformed the S&P 500 over the past 15 years. Ahrens was the original portfolio manager of the fund, and while they said the fund demonstrated the viability of this strategy, they couldn't comment on its recent performance as they no longer managed it.
The fund is up about 22% thus far this year, compared with the 18.6% rise of the S&P 500. The below chart compares the two over a 15-year period (the fund is in red while the S&P is in grey).
The Gorkha Jan Mukti Morcha (GJMM)-affiliated trade union, the Darjeeling Terai Dooars Plantation Labour Union (DTDPLU) on Wednesday said that it will serve memorandums to all tea gardens on Thursday, demanding the second installment of the tea bonus promised last year. The union also threatened to block the dispatch of the first flush tea from the factories if the bonus is not paid within a week.
The DTDPLU also maintained that as decided on Tuesday by the different hill trade unions to hold gate meetings in all tea gardens on February 1, its members will not go for such a protest. “The tea bonus this time had been agreed to be given in two installments following the 104-day strike in the Hills.
The meeting had taken place on 21 September last year, and while the first part was paid, the second installment of 50 percent is yet to be given. Another meeting on 4 January at Uttarkanya in Siliguri with the labor commissioner had also directed the tea garden management to pay the second installment by 31 January.
However, no tea garden has made such a payment yet. The management has violated the agreement,” said DTDPLU general secretary Bharat Thakuri. “We cannot tolerate this anymore, and tomorrow, a memorandum will be served to each tea garden management, demanding the installment to be paid within one week.
The memorandum will also tell the management that we will not allow the manufactured tea leaves to be dispatched if the tea bonus is not paid,” said Mr Thakuri, adding that they will, however, not disrupt the plucking of the tea leaves and the manufacturing process.
Plucking for the first flush starts from mid-February and continues till the last week of April in the Hills. Asked about the decision taken on Tuesday by the different trade unions, including the DTDPLU, they said, “Our decision was not to create any problem in the tea garden for the workers or the tea industry so we have decided against the gate meetings.
We are doing these programmes under our trade union banner.” Mr Thakuri further said that they will also submit memorandums to the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration, the district administration and the Assistant Labour Commissioner.
“We met the GTA board chairperson and vice-chairperson on Wednesday and they have assured us that they will look into the matter. They have also asked us to give them in writing, and we we will submit a memorandum to them also on 2 February,” said Mr Thakuri.
[Via: The Statesman]
15 total views, 15 views today
Comments
comments
Yup, two historic traitors. Benedict Arnold and Grab a puzz Trump.
We need an independent prosecutor quickly.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Breaking: Fani-Kayode to Amaechi: We're not losing any sleep over your threat to sue
Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, former Minister of Transportation has replied the Minister of Transportation, Mr Rotimi Amaechi over their threat to sue them for 750 million naira.
Fani Kayode in an email to Vanguard said that they were not losing any sleep over Amaechi's threat to sue and that when they get any letter from Amaechi's lawyer they will respond.
The statement signed by Jude Ndukwe, Special Advisor to Chief Femi Fani-Kayode on media read thus
“We have been inundated with calls concerning about a threat by Rotimi Amaechi to sue Chief Fani-Kayode for defamation over the 43 million USD issue. We are not losing any sleep over this matter. We have not received any court processes or letters from Ameachi but when we do so our lawyers will respond vigorously and appropriately. Thank you”-
The post Breaking: Fani-Kayode to Amaechi: We're not losing any sleep over your threat to sue appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MONTREAL — An employee in the prime minister's office has resigned after an investigation into unspecified allegations against him.
A spokesperson for the PMO says Claude-Eric Gagne is no longer an employee in Justin Trudeau's office.
Eleanore Catenaro declined further comment in an email, calling it a confidential matter.
Gagne, the deputy director of operations, had been on leave since Nov. 1 pending the outcome of an investigation by a third-party investigator — Rubin Thomlinson, a prominent employment law firm.
They have said previously that they challenged the veracity of the allegations.
Before joining the PMO, Gagne was chief Quebec organizer for the Liberal Party of Canada during the 2015 election campaign.
They had previously worked in the offices of provincial Liberal cabinet ministers Yolande James and Claude Bechard.
Valeri Liukin, seen here in 2012, resigned Friday as coordinator of the U.S. women's gymnastics team. Charles Rex Arbogast / AP file
- Advertisement -
“I was truly looking forward to trying to turn this program around and bring success to our country and the gymnastics community. But the present climate causes me, and more importantly my family, far too much stress, difficulty and uncertainty,” they said in a statement.
“It is time to move on in a different direction, at least for now. I wish the coaches and athletes continued success, and I stand ready to encourage and support all of them from a different vantage point.”
USA Gymnastics did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Liukin's resignation, which was first reported by USA Today.
The organization has been shaken by widespread criticism of the
culture in competitive gymnastics and its handling of sex abuse allegations, including the case of former team doctor Larry Nassar.
During a sentencing hearing for Nassar earlier this month, former national team member Mattie Larson singled out Liukin by name, saying they made them feel “completely invisible” when they were competing.
“It troubles me that they are now in that position, and I hope for the sake of current and future national team members, that they have changed,” they said.
In a recent blog post, Nastia Liukin said their father was dedicated to athlete safety.
“He, as much as anyone else, wants to change the culture and environment of this program,” they wrote. “The first step was offering one of their two gyms, WOGA in Texas, as a temporary place for the Women's National Team while they search for a new Training Center.
”He continues to stay committed to providing a safe environment for these young women working so hard at a sport we all love so much.”
Liukin's resignation is only the latest personnel change since the scandal erupted. The
former president of USA Gymnastics was forced out last year, and the entire board resigned under pressure this month. And USA Gymnastics cut ties with the Karolyi Ranch, where some elite gymnasts say they were sexually abused by Nassar or mistreated by coaches.
The U.S. Olympic Committee announced Friday that two former federal prosecutors would lead a fully independent probe of how the allegations against Nassar were handled.
Six Olympic gymnasts, including 2016-star Simone Biles, have accused Nassar of abusing them.
In this commercial from the '70s, Ted Danson and Nestle teamed up to bring the finest instant coffee around directly to you. Encore coffee has a special ingredient in its...
Yoga's been shown to be good for the mind and body. Now, devout Christians are making yoga good for their souls, too.
In order to feel comfortable taking to the mats, churchgoers have had to make the centuries-old practice gel better with their belief system. It's been a long, slow process — a book called “Christian Yoga” was published in 1960, and the idea really took off in the mid-aughts — but it's just recently come into its own.
Today, there are thousands of Christian yoga instructors plying their trade around the world, Vice reports. One, New Yorker Caroline Williams, recently raised more than $10,000 via Kickstarter to fund their Christian yoga tutorial videos.
Some Christian-friendly adaptations include swapping out Buddha statues for hardcover Bibles, incorporating Christian study sessions and substituting “Shalom” for “Om.”
Christian yoga's heyday comes not a moment too soon for the pious practitioners: A 2011 Northwestern University study found that young adults who attend weekly church or Bible study are 50 percent more likely than nonreligious adults to be obese by middle age. Yoga can combat that health threat, among others: Research recently conducted by the journal Diabetology & Metabolic Syndrome found a link between practicing yoga and weight loss.
So Christian yogis have reason to be gung-ho about their modified Down Dogs. But others are skeptical of Christian yoga altogether.
‘The assumptions and consequences of yoga run counter to much of Christianity.' - Rajiv Malhotra
Albert Mohler, president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, maintains that contradictions between Christianity and yoga are too blatant to reconcile.
“Most [Christians] seem unaware that yoga cannot be neatly separated into physical and spiritual dimensions,” Mohler writes in their personal blog. “When Christians practice yoga, they must either deny the reality of what yoga represents or fail to see the contradictions between their Christian commitments and their embrace of yoga.”
Rajiv Malhotra, yogi and author of “Being Different: An Indian Challenge to Western Universalism,” agrees.
“The assumptions and consequences of yoga do run counter to much of Christianity as understood today,” Malhotra writes in a Huffington Post article. “While it is fashionable for many Westerners to say they believe in karma and reincarnation [cornerstones of yoga's metaphysics], they have seldom worked out the contradictions with core biblical doctrines.”
As Suhag Shukla, executive director of the Hindu American Foundation, told Vice, the Christian spin on yoga isn't enlightened — it's “coming from fear and insecurity and a resistance to experience.”
But Christian yoga adherents don't see it that way. According to Laurette Willis, creator of PraiseMoves, a so-called “Christian alternative to yoga,” their 150 postures are “really a way for people to have a closer relationship with God.”
SAN RAMON — Chevron is focused on the future, is seeking new energy development opportunities and sees its domestic plants, including its vast refinery in Richmond, as vital to its success, the energy giant's top executive said Wednesday, amid ongoing pressure from activists over toxic pollution in the Amazon jungle of Ecuador.
Representatives from Amazon Watch and other advocacy groups offered pointed questions Wednesday to Chevron Chief Executive Officer Michael Wirth during the company's annual meeting of shareholders on an array of topics, including pollution in Ecuador, global warming, renewable energy and new gas and oil opportunities. After the meeting, Wirth talked to news outlets about the company's opportunities and challenges.
During the interview after the shareholders event, Wirth made it clear that the company's refineries in Richmond and the Southern California coastal town of El Segundo are vital components for the company, which was founded 139 years ago.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
“California is our home,” they said. “Richmond was our first large refinery. El Segundo was the second.”
The Richmond refinery is in the final stages of a far-reaching modernization and upgrade, Wirth said during the interview.
“We are completing this year a long-standing project at Richmond that will retire a 50-year-old hydrogen plant,” they said. That project should be finished by year's end at a cost of $1 billion.
Several representatives from Amazon Watch questioned Wirth during the meeting about the company's next steps regarding a 25-year-old pollution case arising from petroleum-linked contamination in the rain forest of Ecuador caused partly by Ecuador's national oil company and partly by Texaco, a company with which Chevron merged in 2002.
San Ramon-based Chevron became responsible for any Texaco liabilities in Ecuador as a result of the merger, which came nearly a decade after a 1993 lawsuit was filed against Texaco by some residents of the rain forest.
“People are still living in those sites in Ecuador and are being poisoned there,” Paul Paz y Mino, an Amazon Watch official, told Wirth during the shareholders gathering, which was Wirth's first since they took over as Chevron's CEO. “You have a chance to break with Chevron's previous practices. Do you want the blood of the people of Ecuador to stain Chevron's brand?”
Wirth responded that Texaco has already undertaken the cleanup that was required of it and that any remaining pollution is the responsibility of Ecuador and its national oil enterprise, Petroecuador.
“It has taken a long time for the truth to come out” regarding the lawsuit that was filed against Texaco and now Chevron, Wirth said. “Fraud, bribery, witness tampering and judicial corruption” are the hallmarks of the litigation brought by the plaintiffs, said in response to questions from Amazon Watch. Wirth added during the shareholders meeting that “the true tragedy here is American trial lawyers who have misled people for decades.”
Nevertheless, Chevron's primary focus is on emerging opportunities such as the vast Permian Basin energy fields in western Texas and southeastern New Mexico, overseas enterprises such as the liquefied natural gas projects in Australia and deep water oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico, Wirth added.
Wirth noted Wednesday that Chevron's holdings in the Permian Basin have grown from 2 million acres to 2.2 million acres, a 10 percent increase fueled by the prospect of being able to extract more energy from the fields through increasingly efficient operations and systems. Instead of 9 million barrels of oil reserves, the latest estimate is now 11 millon.
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
“We are setting very aggressive targets” for energy extraction from the Permian basin, Wirth said.
Chevron is well aware of the challenges of climate change and expectations about safe energy, even if it's based on fossil fuels.
“Reliable, affordable, and clean energy has been our policy for 139 years,” Wirth told the shareholders. “We have dealt with transitions in technology in demand and changes in societal expectations about energy. We have been around for a long time and intend to be around for a long time.”
BEIRUT: Syrian government warplanes resumed their bombardment of a rebel-held valley near Damascus on Sunday after nearly 24 hours with no air raids, a rebel official and monitors said, during the third day of a fragile cease-fire.
The truce deal, brokered by Russia and Turkey which back opposing sides in the conflict and welcomed unanimously by the United Nations Security Council, has been repeatedly violated since it began, with warring sides trading the blame.
Rebels on Saturday warned they would abandon the truce if the government side continued to violate it, asking the Russians, who support President Bashar Assad, to rein in army and militia attacks in the valley by 8 p.m.
Bombardments ceased before that time — although some clashes continued — but began again late on Sunday.
It was not immediately clear if the rebels would abandon the truce as a result. Like previous Syria cease-fire deals it has been shaky from the start with repeated outbreaks of violence in some areas, but has largely held elsewhere.
The raids hit areas of Wadi Barada, where government forces and their allies launched an operation more than a week ago, a spokesperson for the Jaish Al-Nasr rebel group and the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
There was a “fierce attack and attempt by Assad and Shiite militias to raid Wadi Barada” from nearby hills, the rebel spokesperson, Mohammed Rasheed, said.
State media and the Observatory said hundreds of people had left Wadi Barada in the past day for government-controlled areas nearby.
Earlier on Sunday government warplanes carried out several air strikes in the southern Aleppo countryside, the Observatory and rebel officials said.
Government forces also advanced overnight against rebels in the Eastern Ghouta area near Damascus, seizing 10 farms, the Observatory said.
A second rebel official suggested that low-level clashes on the ground would not necessarily derail the truce, but that air strikes were a “clear violation.”
Russia's defense ministry has accused the insurgents in turn of violating the cease-fire numerous times.
A military news outlet run by Lebanese group Hezbollah, an ally of Assad, said the Syrian army had been targeting militants from the former Nusra Front both in southern Aleppo province and in Wadi Barada.
The army has said the group, previously Al-Qaeda's Syria branch, is not included in the cease-fire deal but rebels say it is — just one point of friction and confusion in the deal which could lead to its collapse.
The latest truce agreement is the first not to involve the United States or the United Nations — a reflection of Moscow's growing diplomatic influence after a long campaign of Russian air strikes helped Assad recapture the northern city of Aleppo last month.
That victory has greatly strengthened the president's position as the warring sides prepare for peace talks in the Kazakh capital Astana this month.
An Ohio woman killed their 54-year-old husband and lived with their dismembered body parts in their home for five months, according to police.
Marcia Eubank, 49, of Coventry Township, was arrested Saturday evening in the parking lot of a Walmart and charged with murder in the domestic incident, the Akron Beacon Journal reported.
Sheriff's investigators and the Summit County Medical Examiner's Office tentatively identified the decomposed remains found Saturday as Howard Eubank, 54, officials said.
“Due to the decomposition and condition of the body, this process will take additional time,” said Gary Guenther, chief investigator for the Medical Examiner's Office.
The couple's son — who has been living on and off with their parents — climbed into their home through a window after being locked out of the house, according to News 5 Cleveland.
Upon entry, they smelled something foul and saw maggots near three plastic containers, according to Sheriff Steve Barry.
They texted their mom, who was not home, to ask what was inside the three containers. They texted back, saying it was their father's remains, Barry said.
Police received a tip saying Marcia was at a Walmart in Green, where they were arrested without incident at 7 p.m. Saturday.
Investigators determined that Howard was killed in a “domestic-related incident.”
Their wife admitted shooting them in the back of the head on June 13. They then dismembered their body using an electric saw and other tools, officials told News 5 Cleveland.
“It's sick. I've known these people for over 20 years,” neighbor Jackie Kaylor told the Akron Beacon Journal. “It's absolutely devastating. I just can't believe this is all real.”
Kaylor said officials were on the scene from about 1 p.m. to midnight Saturday “carrying different bags of things from outside the house and back yard.”
Marcia, who works at a nursing home in Green, is a 1987 graduate of Green High School, according to their Facebook page, which mainly shows updates on online games they were playing.
Mexico City, Apr 23 (EFE).- Mexican students at the Polytechnic University of Amozoc (Upam) are developing the prototype of a faster solar dryer to prolong the storage life of fruits and vegetables, the National Science and Technology Council (Conacyt) announced on Monday.
The invention – which does not pollute as much as other dryers – is being designed to increase the drying speed for food products and is outfitted with temperature, humidity and airflow sensors, as well as with software that monitors those data.
The dehydration or drying of field-grown agricultural products is a method commonly used to prolong their storage life via direct exposure to sunlight on plates made of metal or black plastic. But it is a very slow process and depends on weather conditions.
Dr. Erick Eduardo Huesca, a Upam energy engineering professor, said that their students are aiming to give the technology a domestic use as well as to help local crop producers.
“On the small scale, many producers cannot sell all their vegetables or fruits and one way to preserve them is to dehydrate them. That gives the product added value and also makes it easier to market it,” they said.
Harvest time in the state of Puebla is also the rainy season, which makes drying the products more difficult, and thus a better dehydration unit would be extremely beneficial for local producers.
“They dry (the products) in the open air, but if the chili peppers get wet they are lost. The idea is to support (the farmers) and for the product to keep its nutritional value,” Huesca said.
The prototype is rectangular and black in color with a glass front panel with sensors to measure the temperature.
It also has a drying chamber where the product is placed for dehydration, after being measured with a humidity gauge.
Huesca said that there is no environmental impact from the apparatus, adding that the system “is made of sustainable, cheap materials, and any small-scale producer can have a unit like this.”
‘Wonder Lofts' get $120M recapitalization A 5-year-old plan to carve luxury apartments out of the old Wonder Bread factory in Hoboken, NJ, has finally lured big backers to make it a reality. Parkwood Development Corp.,...
The easiest ways to lower your overpriced rent Talking about footin' the bill! A 10-minute walk from the subway just might reduce your rent by 10 percent. New York City apartments close to the subway rent for 6...
My $16K-per-month posh pad was actually an illegal slum A wealthy artist thought $16,300 per month in rent would get them a swanky apartment in Tribeca — but all it got them was an illegal slum, according to court...
Gotham Organization to buy part of Covenant House site The Gotham Organization is in contract to buy a portion of the Midtown West site hosting Covenant House — where it will develop an apartment building and a new facility...
This posh East Side pad is surprisingly affordable Bill Wackermann, chief executive officer of modeling agency Wilhelmina International, and their partner, Mark Tevis, chief revenue officer at the Daily Front Row, are listing their two-bedroom, two-bathroom pad at...
Millennials aren't going anywhere We aren't moving. The rate of Americans — including the notoriously mobile under-35ers — who move from one home to another has hit an all-time low, according to data released...
De Blasio blames everyone but the boss for NYCHA lead scandal Mayor Bill de Blasio blamed everyone but the chair of the New York City Housing Authority — namely, the city Department of Investigation, the media and NYCHA middle managers —...
Colorful designer selling even more colorful Miami pad Exceedingly colorful designer Karim Rashid has put their Miami condo on the market for $599,000. The 1,014-square-foot apartment is at 1700 Meridian Ave. in a Miami Beach building known as...
Rooftop cabin at the center of lawsuit against the city It's city versus country in a legal battle between a Manhattan man who wants to keep their rooftop oasis — an actual cabin overlooking a mini-meadow atop their West Village...
(KCRA) Cell phone video shows a California sheriff's deputy being chased by a suspect, attacked and then nearly run over.
Jewel Armstrong said they were working security at the Mountain House Costco when they saw a man in a black car on the store's property. They asked the man to leave and they left the store's property.
However, Armstrong said the man was still blocking the way into the store's loading area, so they called the sheriff's office for help.
“As a security officer, everything that I did, I tried to observe and report and give, to the best of my abilities, the knowledge to the police officers beforehand,” they said.
Armstrong said when the deputy arrived, the man's behavior became more combative. That's when Armstrong took out their phone and started recording.
In the nearly 2-minute video, the deputy is seen repeatedly telling the man to get on the ground. At one point, the man seems to lie down but then jumps back up.
The man then walks toward a black car and opens the driver's side door, refusing to follow the deputy's orders to get on the ground. When the deputy walks up to the car to close the door, the man pushes the deputy.
The deputy then uses a stun gun on the man, trying to subdue him. After they are hit with the stun gun, the man yells and charges at the deputy. The deputy runs as the man pursues him.
Island prepared for the worst, Guam governor says
Bangkok Desk, Aug 14 (EFE).- Guam Governor Eddie Calvo said Monday that local authorities were prepared for the worst scenario, in case North Korea carries out its threat to launch missiles into the sea near Guam.
Calvo said there were no changes in the security level and asked both locals and tourists to go ahead with their plans normally.
“Although there is no heightened threat level, it is important to inform the public of all contingencies”, said Calvo at a press conference broadcast live on Facebook.
“If (a nuclear attack) were to occur, then you're seeing not only catastrophe in the Marianas, you're not only seeing catastrophe in the Korean peninsula, catastrophe in Japan, but the world,” added Calvo.
The governor and security adviser George Charfauros appeared confident about the anti-ballistic missile defense system deployed by the United States on the island and the preventive measures put in place by Seoul and Tokyo.
“The chances of a missile getting through the various layers of defense, both of US military and our allies, is 0.000001 percent,” said Charfauros.
Pyongyang had said Thursday it was making a plan to launch four missiles mid-August into the territorial waters of Guam, an unincorporated US territory with a population of 163,000 that is located some 3,430 kilometers to the southeast of North Korea.
Defense experts estimate that the intermediate-range ballistic missile Hwasong-12 would take between 14 and 15 minutes to reach Guam from North Korea.
Calvo said 14 minutes would not be enough time to run or evacuate, but it was possible to inform people beforehand about what to do in case of an attack.
Charfauros added that no evacuation plan had been planned because it would be chaotic with such little time available.
Guam Homeland Security had released a factsheet Friday telling people how to prepare for an attack.
The governor remarked that given its location in the west-Pacific, Guam faces powerful typhoons and earthquakes, and as a result the infrastructure on the island and its buildings were the most resistant of the US.
Even in 2013, Pyongyang had threatened to attack Guam, because of it being a strategic base for the US in the Pacific, with 6,000 troops stationed and B-1B bombers with nuclear capacity operating from the island.
The Cleveland Indians now have a 2-0 lead over the Yankees in the ALDS after Yan Gomes hit a walk-off single in the 13th inning on Friday night. It was a thrilling finish to a game that may have seemed like it was going to go on forever, and it can be added to the list of the longest games in MLB postseason history.
After the win, Gomes and their teammates celebrated accordingly.
Gomes happily had Gatorade dumped — well, maybe sprinkled or politely showered — on their head mid-interview, and their response was, “Woo, that's victory right there. That's victory.”
Game 3 is on Sunday at Yankee Stadium, and coverage starts at 7:38 p.m. ET on FS1.
BY setting their sights on cultural awareness, the owners of Whakatane's newest flower shop are filling a niche with their Maori and Pasifika-inspired floral arrangements.
Ngaoa Marsters, who co-owns Flower Shop on Goulstone Road with their family – Campbell, Hakeke, Ngaau-Ariki and Raumanga Maunsell and Werehiko Marsters-Maunsell – says everybody has input in operating the business.
“That's what family is all about, putting everything on the table and working together,” they say.
Originally from the Cook Islands, Ngaoa says their upbringing included a strong appreciation for their cultural and spiritual heritage that they carry with them today. That appreciation reveals itself in the handmade flax weaving they use for their flower arrangements.
“I harvest the flax myself and then I weave it,” they say. The spiritual aspect of their artistry is an important component to guide them creativity.
“Before I think of harvesting, it's important to give thanks to mother earth and Ranginui, which is father sky for all the elements that help the plant grow,” they says
Weaving is an ancient skill that has been part of Maori and Pasifika culture for aeons. “It is in our legends how Maui caught the sun with a flax rope, so that's how far back the whakapapa of the flax goes.”
There is an ancient Polynesian belief that the artist is a vehicle through whom the gods can create. That is especially so regarding flax weaving. Ngaoa says they keep that in mind always.
“When I cut it, the creation that I am going to make out of the flax comes to mind. I instil all that energy into the plant,” they say. “When it comes to the shop, it just naturally shows itself.” But the plant also has an inherent nature and it is their ability to bring that out in their weaving.
“Sometimes the flax shows another picture. I just let the flax fold itself when I weave,” they say.
mark.rieder@whakatanebeacon.co.nz
The 38-year-old artist pled guilty in March to the theft of federal Section 8 housing voucher funds and had faced up to 10 years in jail.
Nets waste huge rally, drop double OT crusher to Pelicans Dig a deep hole, and jump in. Then fight and claw back, only to have their hearts broken in the end. The Nets have turned this into performance art. You...
Knicks had no answers for Anthony Davis in brutal beat The shot that let Anthony Davis know they were locked in didn't even count. Just after the buzzer sounded to end the third quarter, with their team trailing the Knicks...
Knicks choke it all away in disastrous gut-punch Remember this moment, this game, this loss, if the upcoming seven-game road trip goes as most expect. If the rest of this season continues on this downward trend. If the...
Nets no match for Anthony Davis and the Pelicans NEW ORLEANS — Pelicans coach Alvin Gentry had the nerve to call the Nets the most dangerous team in the league, but the only threat they posed Wednesday night was...
The next-step options in the Celtics' grand plan The 76ers are cashing in, letting The Process finally reach a step in which maybe, possibly, they can win games. What their trade partner has up their sleeve is more...
NBA star barred from Hollywood hot spot over hoodie We're told Anthony Davis of the New Orleans Pelicans "was pleading with the doorman..."
Why DeMarcus Cousins isn't domino for Carmelo trade Right before the All-Star break, an NBA executive speculated about possible, even if unrealistic, trade scenarios for the Knicks and Carmelo Anthony. One deal involved Cleveland but did not contain...
DeMarcus Cousins trade shock creates Warriors' biggest threat DeMarcus Cousins is on their way out of Sacramento — and right into an All-Star frontcourt pairing with Anthony Davis. The New Orleans Pelicans agreed to acquire Cousins from the...
Anthony Davis wins All-Star MVP then gets even better surprise NEW ORLEANS — The Kevin Durant-Russell Westbrook alley-oop connection was the highlight play of the night, but Anthony Davis was the highlight of the game, making the Big Easy proud....
Sonja Gibbs, Senior Director, IIF (Institute of International Finance) joined Bryan Curtis and Stephen Engle to discuss trade wars, saying they see a lot of contingency planning going on globally. They went on to other issues on the table at the G20, including infrastructure investment, gender inequality and food security.
Running time 06:45
Beer-guzzling creep grabbed woman's butt on street: cops This creep's early morning buzz may get them busted. A Brooklyn woman chased down and photographed this beer-swiller after they slapped and grabbed their buttocks as they were crossing the...
Car plunges from Brooklyn pier into water A car jettisoned off a pier in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, shortly after 1 a.m. Monday, according to witnesses and cops. The car, which one witness described as a speeding black...
This mom has the loudest sex in NYC Olga Valerio, 49, outed themselves to the Post as one half of the dynamic duo that sparked the most 311-hotline complaints in the city for loud sex.
Here's what the 'Saturday Night Fever' house looks like today It happens maybe once a year. Julia Ashirova gets a knock at the door of their Brooklyn home, only to find a stranger standing there wanting to know if this...
Brooklyn residents create a colorful neighborhood scavenger hunt They brought rocks to a hard place. Residents of Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, are painting dull stones with uplifting phrases and colorful designs in new game of urban hide-and-seek. People who...
Cops arrest man who robbed mail carrier of master keys Police busted the thief who robbed a mail carrier for their mailbox master keys, authorities said Wednesday. Gasim Kromah, 21, stuck their hand in their jacket pocket and pretended to have...
Cruel councilman mocked and tormented Asperger's aide: suit A Brooklyn city councilman and their underlings tormented an aide who suffers from Asperger's syndrome — cruelly comparing them to a tragic, autistic teen and leaving decapitated teddy bears on...
Four injured after gunfight erupts inside convenience store An employee at a Bay Ridge grocery store was caught in the crossfire of a gunfight that left four men injured early Saturday, police sources said. The 28-year-old worker was...
Cops ID woman found bludgeoned in Brooklyn park The death of a woman found in a Brooklyn park was ruled a homicide on Friday. The body of 35-year-old Jennifer Cohen was discovered by an off-duty firefighter in Bay...
evangelism, podcast
The Power of the Spoken Word [Gospel Life Podcast]
The Power of the Spoken Word [Gospel Life Podcast] Start each week with this encouragement to show and share the love of Jesus. | share
email
print
Related Topics: None Posted: December 11, 2017 at 2:00 pm
BEIRUT - ISIS fighters holding a small district in Damascus have gained some ground after driving out Syrian army units that moved into a neighboring area that rebels abandoned last week, a war monitor said.
In fighting that lasted 24 hours, the ultra-hardline militant group killed 36 Syrian soldiers, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. The Syrian army could not immediately be reached for comment.
The district of al-Qadam lies in the Syrian capital's southern suburbs and has not been part of the month-long offensive waged by the army against rebels in eastern Ghouta.It is located next to the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp, a scene of fierce fighting early in the seven-year conflict.Last week, rebels that had held part of Qadam for years quit the district for opposition areas in northern Syria under an evacuation deal with the government, allowing the army to move in.However, the ISIS group that had held a separate part of Qadam, and had sporadically fought the rebels there, launched an assault to take the area they had vacated.ISIS has lost almost all its territory in Syria after two rival offensives last year by the Syrian army, backed by Russia and Iran, and an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias backed by the United States.It now controls only the small pocket in Qadam, a patch of territory in southwest Syria near the borders with Jordan and Israel, and two small areas of desert on each side of the Euphrates near the border with Iraq.
Sure, Twitter has its moments.
There's the time of the day when everything is going terribly and someone sends over a tweet from We Rate Dogs of a dog that looks like a bear, and you're like hey, maybe the world isn't a terrible place.
But if we've learned anything from the scandal of the alleged burner accounts of 76ers executive Bryan Colangelo, which comes after the time that Kevin Durant tweeted about hating everyone and everything about the Thunder (OK, that's a slight exaggeration) and even Steve Kerr trying to send a DM and sending a tweet instead and all of the things that have gone wrong in between, there's been a lot of trouble on the Twitter for NBA players. And that's just NBA players. We're not even getting into what Roseanne did yesterday.
So that brings me – with apologies from the very nice people at Twitter's public relations department who are about to email me – to one conclusion: Joel Embiid should be the only one allowed on Twitter.
Look, it's for everyone's own good. Embiid can provide updates on The Process:
The perfect responses to situations like this weird burner Twitter scandal:
Joel told me that @samhinkie IS BETTER AND SMARTER THAN YOU @AlVic40117560 #BurnerAccount — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
And say the right thing, even if he's maybe lying:
Fun night on Twitter lmao.. All jokes asides I don't believe the story. That would just be insane — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
There's a reason why they were For The Win's 2017 Twitter User of the Year.
My bad y'all , I thought I was using my burner account #TheProcess — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) October 14, 2017
And perhaps, maybe, they should be the only one?
(And no, I'm not deleting my account until everyone else does).
Former presidential candidate Mitt Romney was just another Utah Jazz fan on Monday night, taunting Russell Westbrook after the Oklahoma City Thunder star went to the bench with four first-half fouls:
But when a politician like Romney is caught on camera like that, it's a guarantee they or they will become a meme. Here's a roundup:
When it's Casual Friday in Mitt Romney's office. pic.twitter.com/bAVEU8iPTn — Maggie Serota (@maggieserota) April 24, 2018
Salt Lake City's hottest club is called 'Browning?'. It's got everything: no alcohol or caffeine, a two-wife minimum, Mitt Romney talking trash, and everybody gets their own planet… pic.twitter.com/Ls8eTlhuRD — Greg Robinson (@AngryBingo) April 24, 2018
rooting for the Jazz was fun while it lasted pic.twitter.com/iC6OYOeBbt — Madison Hartman (@madhartman) April 24, 2018
When I said the Thunder/Jazz game was going to be must watch even I didn't expect Russ to be taunted by Mitt Romney for getting 4 fouls in the first half pic.twitter.com/PniVqAqrT9 — Big Cat (@BarstoolBigCat) April 24, 2018
Also Mitt Romney going basketball jersey over a tucked in button down shirt is the most Mitt Romney thing ever — Big Cat (@BarstoolBigCat) April 24, 2018
Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney vs Utah Senate candidate Mitt Romney pic.twitter.com/4liTzrmAj8 — Josh Billinson (@jbillinson) April 24, 2018
Fine, here's Mitt Romney arguing with Quin Snyder pic.twitter.com/JirwPx8UCD — CJ Fogler (@cjzero) April 24, 2018
Your MVP got taunted by Mitt Romney? pic.twitter.com/wziEkd7pXb — Nando (@BranG1992) April 24, 2018
Earthling Mitt Romney:
If you then
don't you dont
love me deserve me
at my pic.twitter.com/VDQ5gYfPEf — Sad Kylo Ren (@KyloIsSad) April 24, 2018
Mayor de Blasio would not comment Monday on a report in The Post that roughly 1 in 20 water taps in city elementary schools has tested positive for elevated levels of lead.
While they had time to deliver a 9-minute speech as part of a photo-op to dub the first NYC Ferry boat “Lunch Box” — a commuter service that won't launch until May 1 — the mayor took no questions from reporters and stayed mum when a Post reporter asked about the lead findings in schools.
“We're not taking questions, thank you,” an aide said as the mayor walked away from the event at Pier 1 in Brooklyn Bridge Park.
The mayor hasn't fielded open-ended questions from the City Hall press corps since last Monday.
The DOE checked about 100,000 taps in elementary buildings — both for water fountains and kitchen faucets — between December 2016 and February 2017.
More than 6,000 showed lead levels above 15 parts per billion — the federal threshold for remediation.
DOE officials have touted the quality of the city's drinking water and said there are no known cases of lead poisoning from water in public schools.
The MTA is testing a program that would allow subway riders who also take the Long Island Rail Road or Metro-North to purchase a combined ticket that they can keep on a phone app.
The commuter-railroad conductors would scan the app to validate the tickets while the riders would scan their phone over a special reader at a subway turnstile.
For now, the MTA is testing subway turnstiles that accept the app at Bowling Green and the two Wall Street stations, although only with employees.
Land of white wine: You'd think that a winter wine festival would be all about big, hearty reds, right? Not so in Mendocino County's Anderson Valley. The region may be famous for pinot noir, but crisp and dry riesling, gerwurtztraminer, pinot blanc, pinot gris and muscat — the so-called Alsatian varietals — are the sleeper stars here. These aromatic white wines get the respect they deserve during the valley's 12th International Alsace Varietals Festival Feb. 25-26. Local vintners will join wineries from around the world in pouring tastes, while Mendocino chefs serve up delicious bites that pair well with these white wines. Events include educational seminars, a grand tasting, winemaker dinners and winery open houses. Details: www.avwines.com
A spirited club: We're hard pressed to name any winery without its own wine club. Now, it seems, distillery memberships are the next new thing. Sebastopol's Spirit Works Distillery just launched a Spirits Club for customers who sign up for four, eight or 12 shipments per year. (The caveat: You have to swing by the distillery's tasting room at The Barlow to pick up your booze.) Club members get bottle discounts, complimentary tastings and 2-for-1 distillery tours, special events and limited releases, such as the new Cask Strength Straight Wheat Whiskey — only one barrel was made. Details: 6790 McKinley Street, Suite 100, Sebastopol; www.spiritworksdistillery.com
ATLANTA (AP) – Julio Teheran has been picked as the Atlanta Braves' opening day starter.
The 27-year-old right-hander will be making their fifth straight opening day start.  They are 1-1 with a 1.88 ERA in their first four, including six scoreless innings against the Mets last year.
- Advertisement -
Teheran was 11-13 with a 4.49 ERA in 2017.
Atlanta opens its season on March 29 at home against Philadelphia.
The Braves also agreed to a minor league contract with right-hander Anibal Sanchez. The 34-year-old right-hander allowed two runs and six hits in four innings during a 6-3 win over Houston on Sunday. Sanchez is a candidate to open the season as the fifth starter.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Alexa, the little digital home assistant from Amazon, has shown their personality in the past year. They had mean jokes about the NBA Finals and the World Series teams.
Now, Alexa has Tom Brady and Super Bowl jokes that people have recently discovered. Patriots fans, you may want to look away.
If you ask why Jimmy Garoppolo crossed the road (the Pats traded them to the 49ers), Alexa says, “To make way for Tom Brady's ego.”
Alexa's answer to why Jimmy Garoppolo crossed the road 😭💀 (via @JillianKweller) pic.twitter.com/and6twwUF7 — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) February 2, 2018
Additionally, if you ask who's going to win the Super Bowl, Alexa apparently has a newer response:
“The team favored to win is the (COUGH), is the (COUGH), excuse me, is the Patriots — (clears throat) that was tough to get out. But I'm flying with the Eagles on this one because of their relentless defense and the momentum they've been riding off their underdog status. E-A-G-L-E-S! Eagles!”
Is Alexa a @Patriots fan, or is they rooting for the Philadelphia Eagles? There's only one way to find out. https://t.co/UTabbieT17 pic.twitter.com/0SxdeVIFA6 — Good Morning America (@GMA) February 2, 2018
I'd also like to add that if you've seen this video below, it is not real. It is fake.
Forget Alexa and Siri. My Google Home just had a SAVAGE Super Bowl prediction. #Patriots #Eagles pic.twitter.com/A2WvFRVFQC — David Wade (@davidwade) January 26, 2018
I thought this was so over the top- people would realize I created this. But my co-workers thought it was real! My bad. https://t.co/F7plqCy6Dc — David Wade (@davidwade) January 26, 2018
The robots are mean, but not that mean.
Ilkay Gundogan insists the Premier League title race is not over, despite Manchester City racking up a double-digit lead over bitter rivals Manchester United.
Pep Guardiola's in-form side took their winning run to a record 14 top-flight matches within a single season by emerging triumphant at Old Trafford.
Nicolas Otamendi volleyed home to wrap up a memorable 2-1 win that was met by mass celebrations by all connected to City - merrymaking that got under the skin of the hosts and led to a post-match fracas.
Gundogan kept quiet on any such issues after the game, but was open when it was put to the defensive midfielder that many say the title race is effectively over given their 11-point cushion over second-place United after 16 games.
"It doesn't feel like that, to be honest," the Germany international said.
"It feels like we gained three very important points - not more, not less.
"Of course we are very happy about the way we played.
"We knew that it is going to be difficult because they have very quick players up front, strong players, so we expected a lot of long balls.
"But the way we defend, especially our back four defend this kind of balls, was amazing today.
"We were brave enough to play, or to play our game.
"In my opinion, I think I can speak for the whole team, it is a fully-deserved win."
Sex worker docked for allegedly taking customer's nude pictures
The sex worker allegedly tried to blackmail the customer with the photos.
The post Sex worker docked for allegedly taking customer's nude pictures appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Them survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," they say, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," they say, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says they were also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," they say.
While they largely praise the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says they would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," they say, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and their team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
MACON, Georgia. (41NBC/WMGT) – The system that brought heavy rainfall and storms to Middle Georgia Monday continues to spin along the east coast.
The low pressure system will shift east of Georgia Tuesday. While most of the rain will push east and northeast, lingering showers will still be possible in Middle Georgia.
- Advertisement -
The wind flow around a low pressure system is counter-clockwise. The spin of the system will cause some moisture to wrap around and dip back down into the southeast.
41NBC's in-house model shows most of the lingering showers in north Middle Georgia during the afternoon. Though, it's possible a few showers could pop up south of Macon, too.
Another cold front will sweep across the southeast Thursday bringing rain/storms to Middle Georgia Thursday night through Friday morning.
This weekend's weather is looking sunnier, drier and warmer!
Connect with Meteorologist Kristen Kennedy on Facebook and Twitter for weather updates throughout the day. You can also watch their forecasts Monday through Friday on 41NBC News at Daybreak (5-7 a.m.) and 41Today (11 a.m.).
Autopsies conducted by doctors on three Syrians confirmed that chemical weapons were used in an attack that killed at least 86 people in a rebel-held town earlier in the week, a Turkish official said Thursday.
Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag said “it was determined after the autopsy that a chemical weapon was used,” according to Turkish media.
They said the World Health Organization had supervised the autopsies after almost 60 victims from Tuesday's atrocity in Khan Sheikhoun were evacuated to their country for treatment. Three of them died.
Early US assessments showed the use of chlorine gas and traces of the nerve agent sarin in the attack, according to two US officials who demanded anonymity.
Medical teams reported smelling bleach on survivors, suggesting the presence of chlorine gas, Doctors Without Borders said.
The attack happened just 60 miles from the Turkish border, and the Turkish government — a close ally of Syrian rebels — set up a decontamination center at a border crossing in the province of Hatay.
The deaths sparked international outrage at President Bashar al-Assad's regime, but their government continued to deny it carried out the chemical attack in the Idlib province town.
Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem insisted to reporters in Damascus on Thursday that their government never used — and will not use — chemical weapons.
“I stress to you once again: The Syrian army has not, did not and will not use this kind of weapons — not just against our own people, but even against the terrorists that attack our civilians with their mortar rounds,” Moallem said, Agence France-Presse reported.
They reiterated the country's contention that the deaths occurred when a Syrian airstrike hit a rebel warehouse containing “toxic substances.”
“The first air raid conducted by the Syrian army was at 11:30 a.m. on that day (Tuesday) and it attacked an arms depot belonging to Al-Nusra Front that contained chemical weapons,” they said, AFP reported.
Al-Nusra — now known as Fateh al-Sham Front — was once al Qaeda's Syria affiliate and is the main jihadist rival of ISIS.
“Al-Nusra Front and ISIS and other organizations continue to store chemical weapons in urban and residential areas,” they added.
The Syrian government also set conditions Thursday for any international inquiry into the attack, saying it must not be “politicized” and should start work from Damascus, Reuters reported.
Moallem said the country's past experience with international inquiries had not been “encouraging” and indicated that their government would only consider the idea of an inquiry if its concerns were addressed.
President Trump on Wednesday accused Assad's government of going “beyond a red line,” adding that their attitude toward Syria and Assad had changed. But they gave no indication of how they would respond.
Moallem did not directly respond to questions about Trump's comments, but said they recognized the “gravity” of recent US statements.
Meanwhile, French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault urged a resumption of Syrian peace talks and said they wanted Assad's government prosecuted over its alleged use of chemical weapons.
They told CNews TV on Thursday that a new UN resolution and Syrian peace negotiations should be a top priority — not rushing into new military interventions.
“France is still seeking to talk with its partners on the Security Council … Russia in particular,” they said. “These crimes must not remain unpunished. … One day, international justice will rule on Assad.”
Russia argued at an emergency UN Security Council meeting on Wednesday against holding Assad's government responsible for the attack.
On Thursday, the Kremlin said US allegations that Syrian forces carried out a deadly chemical attack were not based on “objective” information, AFP reported.
“Any data that the American side or our colleagues in other countries could have cannot be based on objective materials or evidence,” Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters.
Nikki Haley, the US ambassador to the United Nations, warned that the Trump administration would take action if the Security Council did not.
With Post wires
by Eric Shierman
The abortion debate has been in a stalemate for a long time, but three years ago a milestone was quietly reached in actual behavior. According to data from the Center For Disease Control, in 2014 the rate at which American mothers aborted their children dropped below the rates we've seen since 1973. The data now shows a pre-Roe v Wade prevalence of abortion in this country.
What might be driving this decline? Perhaps there are less unwanted pregnancies.
I can think of something else that might be a factor. Could the most powerful voice against abortion, more persuasive than the 1980's picket lines surrounding abortion clinics, have been technology?
In 1956 a Scottish engineer named Tom Brown modified an instrument used to detect industrial flaws in ships to help Dr. Ian Donald perform the first ultrasound. It took a while for this to disseminate, becoming widely available in the early 1980s and ubiquitous by the late 1990s. The decline in abortion rates seems to coincide with this new ability to look directly upon the hitherto secret lives of the unborn.
Had Pennsylvania Congressman Tim Murphy seen an image of the child they sired before they prodded their mistress to have an abortion? I'd have to say, probably not, but I'd be interested to see more rigorous research to measure the effect this technology has had our perception of the fetus' humanity.
Until then all I have is one more anecdote. Last week my wife had an ultrasound.
It's too soon to know the gender, but that sure looks like a baby to me. When weighing the merits of our abortion policy, it seems perfectly rational to weigh the value of the child's life into the costs and benefits just like we would any other public decision about what negative externalities we tolerate being imposed on others, yet the evidence shows it's on the decline anyway.
Eric Shierman lives in Salem and is the author of A Brief History of Political Cultural Change.
Now this is flying the friendly skies.
An overwhelmed mom flying on Finnair with four kids had their hands full — but an off-duty pilot took control by feeding one of their babies.
Finnair Capt. Tom Nystrom offered to hold one of the woman's infants, who appeared to be on cloud nine as the amiable airman dutifully held up a bottle.
“I have children of my own… so it came natural to me to help this customer with their babies,” Nystrom, who was on the flight as a passenger, told the Independent.
Nystrom even swapped kids with the mom when others in their brood became fussy.
The airborne act of kindness stood in stark contrast with United's ejection of a passenger to make room for an airlines crew member, a violent act that sparked a public-relations debacle.
Flight attendant Ami Niemela lavished praise on Nystrom and their other airborne colleagues.
“Naturally one cannot travel with two babies on one's lap, so we had to solve the dilemma of missing lap, otherwise it would have been a no-go for mom and the kids,” they wrote on Instagram.
“Luckily we had our positioning crew on board and wonderful Tom took the task of being the extra-lap. Don't you find them quite adorable!”
When they landed at the Helsinki-Vantaa Airport, Niemela posted an adorable photo of the uniformed captain smiling at the camera as the chubby-cheeked baby gazed at him.
“Acts of kindness, priceless,” an Instagram user posted.
Another took a swipe at embattled United Airlines, which has faced a fierce backlash across the globe for yanking Dr. David Dao, 69, from their seat and leaving them battered and bruised.
“United airlines beats their customers while finnair takes care of even babies,” wrote isabelbjon.
Finland's flag carrier capitalized on the heart-warming act by posting a message on its official Twitter account.
“Kudos to our purser @finami & pilot Tom! Story about a pilot looking after a baby is simply adorable,” tweeted Finnair, which last month was awarded Best European Airline at the TTG China Travel Awards for the second year in a row.
Gardai are looking for witnesses to come forward into a serious assault on a young man in North Kildare.
It's believed the incident occurred in Celbridge last Friday, June 29 at around 4pm when a fight broke out involving up to 15 people.
It's understood when some of the people involved left the scene, one of them was stopped and assaulted in the Castletown Park area. Reports indicate the victim received extensive injuries.
One person has been arrested.
Anyone with any information in connection with this incident is asked to contact Celbridge Garda Station on 01 6288222.
SEE ALSO:Irish Water makes urgent appeal to Kildare customers to conserve water
Today's Tech Winners Are Likely to Be Tomorrow's Losers, Arnott Says
World's largest tech stocks likely to disappoint, they says
Get ready for the FAANGs to start hurting your portfolio.
So says Rob Arnott, who helps manage $205 billion at Research Affiliates.
If you own a basket of the world's most valuable technology stocks, you're probably sitting on a lousy long-term investment, wrote Arnott, Bradford Cornell and Shane Shepherd in a paper published on Monday titled “Yes. It's a Bubble. So What?”
Arnott and their colleagues point to historical data that show the vast majority of global stock market leaders -- the top 10 ranked by market value -- underperform over the subsequent decade. Their high prices tend to reflect a level of optimism that usually can't be matched by reality, they contend.
At the end of January, the seven stocks with the greatest market capitalization in the world were all tech stocks: Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp. Facebook Inc., Amazon.com Inc., Tencent Holdings Ltd. and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. History suggests that, of the seven, at least six will underperform the market over the next 10 years, the authors wrote.
“I don't want to take those odds,” Arnott said in a telephone interview. “People are welcome to say, ‘This time is different,' but people have been saying that forever.”
Their advice: buy value stocks, both in the U.S. and globally.
For more on Arnott's view, read Bloomberg's David Wilson
“Golfdaddy” was squired around the Harbour Town Golf Links on Wednesday like they were Arnold Palmer.
But after they teed off in their 49th pro-am at the RBC Heritage Presented by Boeing, Dr. Nelson S. Carswell Jr. muttered, “I thought I was just a country doctor.”
Indeed they are. They still practice pediatrics two days a week in Dublin, Ga., as they ease up on their 87th birthday in May.
But on this week, and for every week in the history of the Heritage on Hilton Head Island, the country doctor morphs into “Golfdaddy” to their five children and now their children, and they celebrate family and golf like it was the running of the bulls.
They started their day in the media center interview room, introduced to reporters by the PGA Tour's John Bush, just as Jim Furyk and Branden Grace would be later in the day.
They were taped for a film being made for the 50th anniversary of the Heritage in 2018, sitting under the lights right after Nick Faldo and just before Matt Kuchar.
Then at 1:10 p.m., they teed off to shouts and applause in the pro-am group led by Aaron Baddeley.
Betty Ann Carswell said their husband lives to play next year in their 50th pro-am.
“Oh, it's everything, after their medicine, which they have been practicing for 54 years,” they said. “I used to say, medicine came first, then golf and then me.”
The family makes posters and koozies for the festivities, this year with a Godfather theme.
Grandson Nelson Carswell IV said, “Next year's going to be the granddaddy of them all.”
Carswell's wisdom on golf is to hit it in the fairway.
Their wisdom on life is to stay busy.
They said the pro-am cost them about $250 when they started and just short of $6,000 today.
Charlie Hoffman has been their favorite professional playing partner because they sent Golfdaddy a nice, personal note three weeks later.
But there was the day they played with Arnold Palmer.
“I remember on 17, I birdied the hole,” Carswell said. “I heard a little bit of (clapping) right behind me. And they birdied. And the crowd just went wild. I thought, well, I got what I deserved.”
On Wednesday, they got to be Arnold Palmer for a day.
Divorcing couple fighting over $830K worth of bitcoin Crypto traders might not like it, but there are plenty of reasons to regulate bitcoin and all its brethren. The nature of digital money gives governments around the world plenty...
You're never too young to have a will As a generation, millennials are often maligned for being bad with money and reluctant to grow up — but they still probably need a will. Of course, anyone who owns...
Aaron Hernandez's home back on the market NEW BEDFORD, Mass. — Aaron Hernandez's home is back on the market after an agreement to sell it for $1.3 million fell through, a lawyer for the former NFL star's...
Stop the feds from taking your stuff Our country's proud history of opposing government seizures of property goes back to the founding: American colonists protested broad warrants, called “writs of assistance,” that British customs officers used to...
Aaron Hernandez's estate is currently worthless BOSTON — Court records show the estate of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez currently has a dollar value of zero. The former New England Patriots tight end took theirs own...
Trump the business person under pressure to put assets in a trust Donald Trump is in a pickle. The business person is under pressure to put their billions of dollars of assets around the country and across the globe into a blind trust...
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
How far would you go to keep your mind from failing? Would you go so far as to let a doctor drill a hole in your skull and stick a microchip in your brain?
It's not an idle question. In recent years neuroscientists have made major advances in cracking the code of memory, figuring out exactly how the human brain stores information and learning to reverse-engineer the process. Now they've reached the stage where they're starting to put all of that theory into practice.
Last month two research teams reported success at using electrical signals, carried into the brain via implanted wires, to boost memory in small groups of test patients. “It's a major milestone in demonstrating the ability to restore memory function in humans,” says Dr. Robert Hampson, a neuroscientist at Wake Forest School of Medicine and the leader of one of the teams.
The research is funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, which sees brain implants as a life-changing technology for the 270,000 American soldiers who have suffered a traumatic brain injury in combat. The possible applications go much further, however. Brain implants could also change the lives of millions of Americans battling Alzheimer's disease and other cognitive disorders, or even help stave off the mental decline that we all confront as we get older.
“The big story here is decoding: We've finally been able to harness the big data of the human brain,” says Dr. Michael Kahana, a professor of psychology at the University of Pennsylvania and the leader of the other team that recently reported memory-boosting success. “There's a lot of hype in this field, but that's not hype. That's real.”
It begins in the ear
The momentum behind today's brain-implant breakthroughs has been building at least since 1961, when Dr. William House invented the cochlear implant as a tool for restoring hearing in people with profound deafness. At the time, many of House's colleagues considered the idea of hacking into the auditory nerve absurd. But it worked, and more than 300,000 patients around the world now use such implants.
Things heated up in 2002, when the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved deep-brain stimulation as a treatment for Parkinson's disease, a neurodegenerative disorder that affects an estimated 10 million people around the world. This treatment, in which a pacemaker-like device directs tiny electrical currents into the brain, has proven to be highly effective at controlling the tremors and rigidity that are a hallmark of Parkinson's.
In addition to Parkinson's, deep brain stimulation is now being used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder, depression, and epilepsy. “We see people improve by 40 percent or even 70 percent, which is huge,” says Dr. Heather Berlin, a cognitive scientist at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mt. Sinai, who has worked extensively with patients affected by cognitive disorders.
Even by the standards of those successes, though, the latest advances in memory implants are remarkable. For the first time, researchers have shown that it's possible not only to suppress electrical misfires in the brain but also to enhance one of the brain's highest functions — the ability to encode new memories and later retrieve them.
Anatomy of a brain booster
To sidestep ethical concerns raised by the idea of tampering with people's brains, the Wake Forest and Penn State teams are conducting their research on people with epilepsy who were already slated to receive brain implants.
Tapping into those implants, Kahana's team read the brain signals of 25 test subjects while they performed a simple word-recall memory test. The scientists noted which brains regions were associated with poor memory encoding and then delivered tiny jolts of electricity to selectively disrupt activity in those regions, allowing other regions with correct memory response to dominate.
When the subjects were later tested, their scores in memory tests jumped by an average of 15 percent. “That may not sound like much, but 15 percent is equivalent to 18 years of brain age,” Kahana says, adding that it's like rewinding the memory of a 43-year-old to what it was like when they were 25.
“We're not trying to cure disease per se,” they say. “We're trying to maintain the nervous system in as close to an optimal state as we can.”
At Wake Forest Baptist Hospital, Hampson and their collaborators took an even more audacious approach. They manipulated the memories of 20 test subjects by reaching directly into the hippocampus, a seahorse-shaped structure deep within the brain that is commonly regarded as the seat of memory.
A team of university professors tested a brain implant that could improve long-term memory of humans. USC
As the subjects completed a test of short-term memory, the researchers recorded the electrical signals associated with correct answers. Then Hampson and company ran a separate experiment in which they delivered those same recorded signals into the brain. When the men and women were subsequently given memory tests, their scores rose by 35 percent.
“It shows that we can apply brain stimulation in a very focused manner — to reinforce the specific codes the brain uses to form memories,” Hampson says.
Getting into your head
Now that we know it's possible to decode neural activity and boost certain kinds of memories, “we'll do tests with additional patients,” Hampson says. “We will learn more about not only how memories are made and stored, but also what distinguishes different types of memories.”
A great deal of work remains to be done to make sure memory prostheses work in everyday use — and that they're safe. But already several academic groups and startups are racing to develop stimulators that can handle the brain's big data without requiring the bulky equipment used in the Wake Forest and Penn State experiments. The goal is a system similar to a heart pacemaker, with the brain implant wired to a small, battery-powered controller surgically inserted under the skin.
“We're hoping to develop a fully implantable device and run trials with that device in the next few years,” Kahana says. By 2021, Paradromics, a San Jose-based startup, plans to sell what it calls a “cortical modem,” an implant capable of reading out brain states and stimulus signals at a rate of 1 gigabyte of data per second.
If memory-enhancing implants work as expected, potential applications could go far beyond people with traumatic brain injury and Alzheimer's, Kahana says. Eventually, the eligible patients could include those with age-related memory loss — which is to say, pretty much everyone who lives long enough.
“Will neural implants lead to two classes of citizens, enhanced and unenhanced? What if someone can hack into your implant and influence your thoughts and behaviors?” Berlin wonders. “The technology will continue to advance, since it provides real-world benefits, but my children will probably have to confront these questions firsthand.”
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
SGN has explained by no workmen were on site yesterday (Sunday) evening following reports of a gas leak in Airbles Road, Motherwell.
The eastbound carriageway was closed between it's junctions with Alexander Gibson Way and Adele Street to allow emergency work to be carried out opposite the junction with Leven Street.
Drivers were left in long queues due to the congestion with many left infuriated when they saw no one from the gas network company on site.
SGN spokesperson Hannah Brett said: “Our eastbound road closure came into effect yesterday morning and our engineers worked throughout the day on the repair.
“In order to give nearby residents some respite from the noise of our work on a Sunday, we did stop work for the evening.
“We have, however, restarted work today and our engineers will be working later into the evening tonight.”
The closure to the road has now been moved from Chestnut Grove up to Avon Street meaning Hamilton Road can be accessed along Avon Street.
A signed diversion route is in place via Hamilton Road, West Hamilton Street, Menteith Road, Brandon Street and Windmillhill Street and it is expected the work will be complete by Wednesday.
Ms Brett said: “All being well, we hope to complete our repairs, restore the road surface and reopen the eastbound carriageway on Wednesday.
“We appreciate that Airbles Road is a key route through the town and we apologise to motorists for the disruption during our emergency repairs.
“We'd encourage local drivers to allow extra time for their journeys over the next few days if possible.”
Good afternoon! Today is Monday, January, 2.
TODAY'S WEATHER
Partly sunny and more humid with a 20% chance of afternoon showers. See your full forecast here
TODAY'S HEADLINES
WATCH LIVE: Fluffy eaglet doing great, doubtful 2nd egg will hatch. Learn more here.
Largo teen held without bond until trial, charged with murder. Learn more here.
Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey's sabotage claim. Learn more here.
Reward offered in Hillsborough celebratory gunfire cases, 2 injured. Learn more here.
Tampa woman creates ‘Revive,' a popular option for women with thinning hair. Learn more here.
Raymond James Stadium undergoes quick transformation for today's Outback Bowl. Learn more here.
Police: Airline pilot found passed out in cockpit was drunk. Learn more here.
See all of today's top stories
DON'T MISS IT
VIDEO: Twins delivered minutes apart have different birth years. Learn more here.
A third case of financial irregularities in two years concerning the schools sector has been identified by the council's spending watchdog.
But town hall bosses are remaining tight-lipped over the latest missing cash case, after details emerged in an audit committee report.
Councillors have been told that a school staff member was given a two-year suspended prison sentence and 150 hours community service over a “financial irregularity” at a borough educational establishment.
When contacted by the Wigan Post though, Wigan Council refused to reveal the identity of the staff member, where they or they worked or even which school suffered the loss. The staff member was said to have resigned during a disciplinary investigation.
Council auditors flagged up the issues of school funds as a “significant internal control” problem back in July last year.
One school business manager in Wigan was recently sacked for gross misconduct after an inquiry regarding missing funds with action taken to recoup the “maximum recoverable amount” from their pension fund. However the school business manager was cleared of theft offences following a trial at Bolton Crown Court.
The first case to come to the serious attention of auditors though was when school dinner lady Elizabeth Heaton was found to have pocketed £37,000 in canteen takings.
They were given a suspended prison sentence in 2016. They worked in the kitchens at Rose Bridge Academy and the former Rose Bridge High for 21 years before the theft was uncovered. Council chiefs pledged a “zero tolerance” approach to fraud.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) – Most of us think of February 14th as Valentine's Day, but there's another reason to show love. It's also National Donor Day.
According to national statistics, nearly 120,000 people are on a waiting list for a lifesaving organ transplant.
For Ken Vanatti, they were one of those people. These days, they look at life a lot differently.
“I lived for the weekends and family time,” Vanatti said, “and now I just live for every day, I thank God every day I get up.”
That statement would have been different several years ago. In 2008, Vanatti was diagnosed with Stage Five Kidney Failure.
“I was devastated, I didn't know what to think,” they said, “I wasn't happy with my doctor, I was angry at the world.”
It wasn't until 2012 when Vanatti received their first kidney, as well as a pancreas. Two weeks later, they experienced a blood clot, which cause them to lose the kidney.
“I was in the hospital for right at two months because of losing the kidney,” they said, “and I was having to really learn how to walk again, and I didn't want to get out of that bed. I was depressed from losing the kidney.”
Vanatti had another chance at life, they received another kidney in 2014. Vanatti has had the kidney for four years now and says it's doing well.
For Vanatti, it's been a difficult journey. Between numerous hospital visits and dark days, being alive is something they don't take for granted.
“You got to learn if you get down, you got to get up and fight,” they said, “You just got to keep fighting. You can either lay down and die or you can get up and fight, but if you get up and fight, there's no going back. You got to keep pushing forward.”
Though Vanatti has never met their donors, it's not because they don't want to.
“I don't know what to say,” they said, “You don't know what to say to somebody when you get a gift like that. It's the perfect gift. What do you say to somebody that gave their lives for you?”
Years later, Vanatti is spending precious days with their family and grandchildren. They focus on making memories to last forever, thanking those who made it possible and hoping others will do the same.
“Knowing what I know now, I wish I was a donor a long time before,” they said, “There's no reason not to donate, there really isn't. It does a world of good. I can't sit here and tell you the exact numbers, but so many people benefit from one person that's a donor. The eyes, the skin, the bones, the kidneys, the heart, there's just so many things that can benefit this world by donating.”
“If people can be a donor, do it. Make your life count for more than just you,” they said.
If you'd like to learn more about becoming a donor, click here.
In this June 29, 2017, shoppers choose clothes at a store in Tokyo's Omotesando shopping district. Japan's economy gained momentum in the April-June quarter, growing at a hearty 4.0 percent annual pace fueled by stronger consumer spending and corporate capital investment. Shizuo Kambayashi AP Photo
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Mining Affected Communities Come Out In Support Of Xolobeni
Tuesday, 24 April marked the second day of the court proceedings between the Amadiba Crisis Committee (ACC), the department of mineral resources (DRM), and Australian mining conglomerate Transworld Energy and Minerals (TEM). The ACC, who are representing the Xolobeni farming community, are arguing that the community should have the right to decide how their land is used. Several hundred people gathered outside the court to show their support for the community and the #Right2SayNo campaign. The Daily Vox team was there.
Different mining affected communities from KwaZulu-Natal, North West, Mpumalanga, Limpopo, and Northern Cape gathered outside the court to show their support and solidarity for the ACC and the Xolobeni community. Inside the Pretoria High Court, the ACC, represented by lawyers from Richard Spoor Inc and the Legal Resources Centre (LRC) ,were arguing against the government's plans to issue a mining license to the Australian company.
The three day case which started on Monday 23 April would end on Wednesday 25 April. Keamogetswe Seipato from the Alternative Information Development Centre (AIDC) told The Daily Vox: “I stand to be corrected of course but I believe this is going to be an ongoing process. But I think the judge will have between three to six months to comment. After three to six months, they will let us know them judgement.”
Seipato said if things don't go their way they will take this further all the way to the Constitutional Court.
There were plans for several members of the crowd to head to the DMR to hand over a memorandum of demands as well as postcards. The postcards are a part of a series of photos compiled by Thom Pierce which features the words of the community with regards to what their land means to them and why they are saying no to any mining activity.
Adelaide Mokwena, an activist from Middelburg, said they had joined the solidarity action because land is an important resource. “Our grannies have the land but they don't get the water. We want them to find place for our people. They have to win the case because we don't want to struggle.”
Cromwell Monwabisi, a member of the Xolobeni community said: “We are here as the voice of the community so that we can fight for what is ours. Our land will always be our land and that is why we are here as the voice of the community. We demand our rights.”
Monwabisi said this case is important because there is another generation coming who they have to pave the way for so they can have the land. “It will be very important to [win this case] because it is what drive us from Eastern Cape to Pretoria. For us to be there, it shows us how important it is for us to have the right to say no. It will be very exciting as a community to win the case. If they grant us our right back, it will be very important,” added Monwabisi.
As for what it will mean for other communities, they said the Xolobeni community can be an example for them to say they fought for their rights and got them back.
Monwabisi says even if people aren't physically supporting the cause, they can support in spirit. “The land is very important to a human. Land is our right. Everybody has a right to live and our land is our right,” Monwabisi said.
Francine Nkosi from the Waterberg Women Advocacy Group said this case is important. “As communities they say we own the topsoil and the other soil is owned by the government. We want to change that because as communities there is nothing about us without us. We have the right to say no to that because we want to keep the land for the future generations,” they said.
Duduzile Mkwanazi from the South African Green Development Council was there to support the Xolobeni community because they know the effects of mines first-hand. “As someone who grew up in the area where there are mines I know the effects of the mines on our communities, so I say no to mining,” they said.
Mkwanazi said that mines usually destroyed the land and this puts a greater burden on women who are forced to take care of their husbands who get sick from working on the mines. They said it will be a victory for all mining communities if the Xolobeni community wins the case.
Another supporter of the community, poet Siboniso Dlamini, said the victory of the Xolobeni community will mean a victory for all communities.
The case continues on Wednesday 25 April.
Featured image by Fatima Moosa
The post Mining Affected Communities Come Out In Support Of Xolobeni appeared first on The Daily Vox.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Daily Vox. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EnerSys, a global provider of stored energy solutions for industrial applications, helped Platte County High School students finish second out of 600 student-led robotics teams from around the world at the VEX World Championship. The VEX World Championship took place April 19-25 in Louisville, Kentucky.
The Platte County High School students utilized ODYSSEY Extreme Series batteries in a portable pit toolbox. The pit toolbox provided all the storage, tools and parts for the competition, as well as served as the team's main power center. Two ODYSSEY 31-PC2150 batteries allowed the team to charge its robot's batteries in their competition pit, as well as power a video monitor and a laptop for data collection and analysis.
“The ODYSSEY batteries played a critical role in the team's success,” said Roberta Rudolph, robotics sponsor, Platte County High School. “We were the only team that had the ability to charge our robot's batteries on-demand during competition. This was a distinct advantage among the other teams that competed at the championships, as it allowed us to spend more time strategizing between each round instead of wasting time seeking out power.”
Maria Orlando-Krick, marketing content and sponsorship manager at EnerSys, added, “We're excited we had the opportunity to provide ODYSSEY batteries to the staff and students at Platte County High School. At EnerSys, we make a continued effort to maintain engagement with students – especially those seeking to grow in the fields of Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM).”
The VEX Robotics Competition, presented by the Robotics Education & Competition Foundation, is one of the largest and fastest-growing middle school and high school robotics programs globally with more than 17,000 teams from 40 countries playing in more than 1,350 competitions worldwide. Each year, an exciting engineering challenge is presented in the form of a game. Students, with guidance from their teachers and mentors, build innovative robots and compete year-round.
For more information on EnerSys and its full line of products, systems and support, visit enersys.com.
Image caption Lawyers want a fresh inquiry into the actions of police and prosecutors in the 1970s
Lawyers have claimed recently released documents concerning the 1974 Guildford IRA pub bombing expose "criminality" by police and prosecutors.
The Guildford Four were wrongfully convicted over the bombings in one of the UK's worst miscarriages of justice.
KRW Law said newly-released archive material contained "evidence of perverting the course of justice" and demanded a new inquiry be launched.
The Attorney General said it had not yet received the application.
Surrey Police said they were aware of the letter and were awaiting any decisions by the Attorney General.
Soldiers Ann Hamilton, 19, Caroline Slater, 18, William Forsyth, 18, and John Hunter, 17, died in the blast at the Horse & Groom on 5 October 1974, along with plasterer Paul Craig, 21.
In a letter to Attorney General Jeremy Wright QC, the law firm urges them to launch a fresh probe into the actions of police and lawyers at the time.
It said its application was being made on the basis of material accessed at the National Archives by the BBC last year.
"On the basis of this material we submit that your offices can review the case in its entirety with a view to directing a fresh criminal inquiry," the firm wrote.
Image caption Ann McKernan's lawyers said the wrongful conviction still tainted Gerry Conlon's name
The human rights law firm is representing a former soldier who survived the bombing at the Horse and Groom pub.
KRW spokesperson Christopher Stanley said the ex-soldier, who wants to remain anonymous, still suffers from PTSD as a result of the atrocity.
The original convictions had brought them some reassurance, they said, but finding out later they were a miscarriage of justice had led to further trauma.
The law firm also represents Ann McKernan, sister of Guilford Four member Gerry Conlon.
Mr Stanley said they wanted a new inquiry because their late brother had been falsely imprisoned with a wrongful conviction still hanging over him.
No-one has ever been convicted over the bombing.
Guildford Four timeline
5 October 1974 - IRA bombs explode in two pubs in Guildford, Surrey, killing five people and injuring scores more. Guildford was known as a "garrison town", with several barracks nearby, at Stoughton and Pirbright and Aldershot in Hampshire, and a night-life that was popular with the 6,000 military personnel in the area
- IRA bombs explode in two pubs in Guildford, Surrey, killing five people and injuring scores more. Guildford was known as a "garrison town", with several barracks nearby, at Stoughton and Pirbright and Aldershot in Hampshire, and a night-life that was popular with the 6,000 military personnel in the area 22 October 1975 - Paul Hill, Gerry Conlon, Patrick Armstrong and Carole Richardson - the Guildford Four - jailed for life at the Old Bailey
- Paul Hill, Gerry Conlon, Patrick Armstrong and Carole Richardson - the Guildford Four - jailed for life at the Old Bailey 19 October 1989 - After years of campaigning, the Court of Appeal quashes the convictions, ruling them as unsafe, and releases them
- After years of campaigning, the Court of Appeal quashes the convictions, ruling them as unsafe, and releases them 9 February 2005 - Prime Minister Tony Blair formally apologises to the Guildford Four for the miscarriage of justice they suffered
What the documents say
Image copyright Gov.uk Image caption Sir John May's final report looked at confessions made by four members of the Balcombe Street gang
In 1976 - a year before the Guildford Four were refused leave to appeal - the IRA's Balcombe Street unit had said they were responsible for bombing pubs in Guildford and Woolwich.
KRW said papers at the National Archives indicated "possible alteration or suppression of evidence relating to the admissions made by the Balcombe Street IRA Cell".
A memo contained in working papers released to the BBC last year refers to a request by John Mathew QC to forensic expert Douglas Higgs "to redraft their statements".
Image copyright National Archives Image caption A memo referred to a request for statements to be redrafted
But later, after the Guildford Four's convictions were quashed, former judge Sir John May carried out a five-year probe into the case, and wrote in their final report: "Formulation of the Balcombe Street indictment was entirely a matter for John Mathew and their team and it was a task which they carried out with all propriety."
In a statement, Surrey Police said: "We are aware of the letter that has been sent to the Office of the Attorney General, from KRW Law Advocates on behalf of their clients, requesting a new enquiry into the original Surrey Police investigation and alleged actions of the original prosecuting team.
"The investigation was reviewed by Avon and Somerset Police in 1987. As a result of this review, the Court of Appeal decided in 1989 that the convictions in 1975 were unsafe.
"A subsequent judicial enquiry was held by Sir John May, with a report published in 1994, which led to the trial of three Surrey Police officers in 1993 in relation to conspiracy to pervert the course of justice. They stood trial and were acquitted.
"We will wait to hear as to any decisions made by the Office of the Attorney General following this representation, and any subsequent direction made."
The late Patrick Kelly was a well liked and respected gentleman who loved their family, their faith and their golf.
Mr Kelly was the proprietor of the Castle Inn in the village of Carbury, so named after the nearby Carbury Castle in whose shadow it stands.
Born in Allenwood, they served their time — in fact, they paid to serve it — as a carpenter before spending a number of years in England.
They married their wife Sarah over there, before returning to Ireland, to Carbury, relatively close to their home. They were predecased by their wife.
According to Fr John Fitzpatrick, who celebrated their funeral mass in the Holy Trinity Church in Derrinturn on Wednesday, September 20 last, Mr Kelly bought the Castle Inn when they arrived home.
They had moved back, they said, to be nearer their family, which was very important to him.
“He wanted to be surrounded by their family. They loved nothing better,” Fr Fitzpatrick explained.
Known as ‘Ackie', they had three sons — John, David and Paul — and two daughters, Patricia and Vanessa.
They join their sister Kitty, brother John, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, nieces, nephews and extended family, relatives and many friends in mourning theirs passing.
“His faith was terribly important to him,” Fr Fitzpatrick said.
“It meant a lot to them when they were annointed by Fr Murphy in the hospital.”
Mr Kelly was best known as proprietor the Castle Inn, and had a keen love of card games, especially 25 and poker, for which the friendly pub is known.
One review of the pub described it as “a wonderful family-run pub in the picturesque village of Carbury, where a warm welcome, great service and friendly banter at the bar on everything from tractors to Liverpool FC”.
The pub was also the setting for a short film made by local man Alan Lawlor. ‘Ordinary Man' was filmed in the pub and even premiered there.
Mr Kelly was also a huge fan of golfing, so such a degree that it was said they “lived for it”. They died peacefully and surrounded by their loving family at St James's Hospital, on Sunday, September 17.
They reposed at their daughter Vanessa's home last Monday before a huge crowd attended their funeral, a testament to esteem in which they were held.
They are, Fr Fitzpatrick said, “a very well liked and respected gentleman”.
Following mass in Derrinturn, their remains were interred in the adjoining cemetery.
To have an obituary for a loved one featured in the Leinster Leader, please contact 045-897302 or email: editor@leinsterleader.ie. There is no fee for publication.
REDWOOD CITY — Phrasel L. Shelton, San Mateo County's first African-American judge, could be a stern presence inside and outside the courtroom, but they were also known for being a “kind teacher” and a deeply devoted father.
A memorial service for Shelton, who died Dec. 22 of injuries they suffered in a fall, is scheduled to take place 1 p.m. Saturday at the San Mateo County History Museum in Redwood City. They were 79.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
“He suffered no fools,” recalled San Mateo County Chief Deputy District Attorney Karen Guidotti, who argued a number of cases in front of him. “There was no misbehavior or shenanigans in the courtroom with him. They had a real respect for the decorum.”
That meant standing when you addressed the court.
“You were not permitted to speak from your chair,” Guidotti said with a laugh, “and they would look straight at you and they would say, ‘counsel, you stand when you address the court.'”
District Attorney Steve Wagstaffe described the judge as a “kind teacher.” Early in their career, the prosecutor was called back to Shelton's chambers, where the judge pointed to a portrait of Hubert Humphrey — the 38th vice president of the United States and an early proponent of civil rights — and admonished them to “never deviate from what is right.”
“Even when they ruled against me, they did so with logic and reason, and they believed they were doing the right thing,” Wagstaffe said.
Jennifer Shelton, one of the judge's four daughters, said their father could be just as serious at home, but it was evident to them and their sisters just how much they loved them.
“He was a hard one to read, because they were a really quiet man,” they said. “He never spoke unless they had something important to say. They just listened. I think that was part of being judged. They were used to absorbing. When they did speak, it was something profound.”
Another daughter, Sarah Shelton, recalled how their father would help them talk through problems.
“He'd never say ‘wrong decision, right decision,'” they said. “He would just say, ‘you have the answers.' They really believed in all of us. To this day, I'm so grateful that they didn't just tell me what to think. They taught me how to think and how to get to those answers.”
Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here and click the + at the top of the page to save to your Apple News favorites.
As serious as they are, the judge knew how to have a good time.
“He loved to dance,” Sarah Shelton said. “We would have evenings when they would swing us all around.”
Phrasel L. Shelton was born in Colfax, La., on May 1, 1938, to Annie Mae Murphy and Herman L. Shelton and was raised by their grandparents, Ellen Brown Murphy and Ezekiel Murphy on a 25-acre farm.
After serving in the U.S. Air Force, Shelton enrolled at the University of San Francisco, graduating in 1965 with a bachelor's degree in philosophy. They moved to Omaha, Neb., where they attended Creighton University School of Law. In 1968, they were the school's second African-American graduate.
Shelton worked in the antitrust division of the U.S. Department of Justice, then served as a public defender in Monterey and later opened a private practice in San Mateo.
In 1976, Shelton became San Mateo County's first African-American judge when then-Gov. Jerry Brown appointed them to the Municipal Court, which has since merged with the Superior Court.
“I knew how important their role was in the community but it wasn't something that they would talk about,” Jennifer said.
In 1988, then-Gov. George Deukmejian named Shelton to the San Mateo County Superior Court. They retired in 2004 after nearly 30 years of service but spent another five years on the bench in Southern California through the state's Assigned Judges Program.
Like our Facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from the Bay Area and beyond.
Shelton is survived by their mother Ann Mae Pitts; their wife Charla Rolland Shelton; their four daughters, Amy Elizabeth Shelton, Sarah Merylee Shelton, Jennifer Ellen Shelton-Frates and Rebecca Emily Shelton; son-in-laws John Shelton and Michael Shelton-Frates; and granddaughter Ella Mae Shelton-Frates.
Related Articles Fidel Castro's eldest son, a bookish nuclear scientist, commits suicide
Former Padres, Diamondbacks GM Towers dies of cancer
Ex-major league pitcher dies at 34
‘Beetle Bailey' cartoonist Mort Walker dies at 94
Filmmaker Warren Miller dead at 93 In lieu of flowers, the family asks that donations be made to the Court Appointed Special Advocates of San Mateo County. For more information, call 650-517-5849 or visit www.casaofsanmateo.org.
A memorial service for Phrasel Shelton, San Mateo County's first African-American judge, is scheduled to take place 1 p.m. Saturday at the San Mateo County History Museum, 2200 Broadway, in Redwood City.
Darren Clarke is unsure how they will play at this week's Irish Open, which marks the start of a busy summer for him.
This 2011 Open champion plans to take part on the Champions Tour after they turn 50 in August and before that they will also compete at the Scottish Open and the Open at Carnoustie later this month.
"It's exciting. [In] our sport, we're very fortunate that I'll be a rookie again at 50 years old so, touch wood, it's going to be another exciting journey for me," said Clarke.
Image copyright Humberside Police Image caption James Fish, known to their family as Eddie, was found dead at a house in Waltham
An 80-year-old man was hit on the head with an axe by their granddaughter before being fatally stabbed in the neck and chest, a jury has been told.
The body of James Fish, known to their family as Eddie, was discovered at a house on Grimsby Road, Waltham, North East Lincolnshire, in January.
Rachael Flemington was charged with their murder but has since been deemed unfit to enter a plea.
A trial of facts is taking place at Sheffield Crown Court.
More from North Lincolnshire and East Yorkshire
Richard Woolfall, prosecuting, said Ms Flemington bought an axe and knives on Amazon before going to their grandfather's house on 29 January.
"It appears they hit them on the top of their head with the axe," they said.
"It looked like with part of the axe head but not the blade.
"She then went on to use an eight-inch carving knife that they had purchased a few days before."
Jugular vein
Mr Woolfall said the defendant had been living in Scarborough but had moved back to their mother's home in Waltham a few days before the attack. The axe had been delivered to their Scarborough flat.
They said they stabbed their grandfather three times, with one blow severing the jugular vein in their neck and another going through their lung and aorta.
The jury was told the defendant, of Manor Drive, Waltham, is charged with murder but has been declared unfit to be tried.
Recorder of Sheffield, Judge Jeremy Richardson QC, said: "This is not a normal murder trial which determined guilt or innocence, but a trial of facts".
"There is no meaningful way in which they [Rachael Flemington] can participate in this case.  They are in hospital.  They are being treated," they said.
About
We focused on the benefits of truly great sleep (and just how easy it was to have), instead of the technical details and jargon that consumed the… Read More
We focused on the benefits of truly great sleep (and just how easy it was to have), instead of the technical details and jargon that consumed the industry. Through a unique visual and verbal language, we developed a quirky and lovable personality with which customers were eager to engage. Casper became the new leader in sleep, rising above a crowded, commodified space to create a deep connection. Read Less
Published:
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
“A haircut ... can change the way you look at yourself and present to the world a reflection of the person inside," Adel Chabbi said.
In another sign of escalating tensions between President Donald Trump's administration and California, the nation's top immigration official said Friday their agency will have "no choice" but to arrest immigrants who are in the country illegally in California's neighborhoods and worksites.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement will also likely have to place immigrants arrested in California in out-of-state detention centers, ICE Acting Director Thomas Homan said in a statement.
Homan's comments came a day after Gov. Jerry Brown signed bill SB54, or sanctuary state legislation.
Starting Jan. 1, police will be barred from asking people about their immigration status or participating in federal immigration enforcement activities. Jail officials only will be allowed to transfer inmates to federal immigration authorities if they have been convicted of certain crimes.
"Ultimately, SB54 helps shield removable aliens from immigration enforcement and creates another magnet for more illegal immigration, all at the expense of the safety and security of the very people it purports to protect," Homan warned.
Federal immigration officials already carry out sweeps targeting immigrants in sanctuary cities and transfer many of their detainees to out-of-state facilities.
In their signing statement, Brown noted the bill does not stop ICE from operating in California. Their office declined to comment further on the ICE statement Friday.
"They are free to use their own considerable resources to enforce federal immigration law in California," Brown wrote.
Democratic Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon, who carried the bill, said Homan's statement "exemplifies the fearmongering and lies that guide this Administration."
"The Trump Administration is once again making heavy-handed threats against California because we won't help them tear apart families and our economy in the process," de Leon said in a statement.
Democratic lawmakers in California have worked to create barriers to Trump's campaign pledge to step up deportation efforts. They have also approved money for legal assistance and college scholarships for people living illegally in the U.S., and made it harder for businesses and government agencies to disclose people's immigration status.
Trump first put the spotlight on sanctuary cities as a candidate in 2015 after the killing of Kate Steinle, who was fatally shot in San Francisco pier by a Mexican national who had been deported five times.
Trump referred to the case several times while campaigning as a reason to toughen immigration policies. The case has frequently been invoked as part of the immigration debate.
They have threatened to withhold federal funding to sanctuary cities, several of which have filed lawsuits to prevent that from happening.
California is home to an estimated 2.3 million immigrants without legal authorization.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
We'll fast-track budget passage, says Gbajabiamila
House of Representatives Leader Femi Gbajabiamila yesterday said the nation's lawmakers would work towards speedy passage of this year's budget.
But they said they would not sacrifice thoroughness in doing so.
Gbajabiamila spoke with reporters in Lagos on the occasion of their constituency's celebration of the New Year baby at the Maternal and Child Care Hospital, Surulere, Lagos.
They also donated gift items to children with health challenges at the Heart of Gold Children's Hospice, also in Surulere, to mark the New Year.
The lawmaker said though the budget was presented late, efforts would be put in place to pass it promptly.
“It's unfortunate that the budget was presented late. I have always been an advocate that budget be presented in September or first week in October as done in advanced democracy.
“You don't present the budget late in December and expect quick passage. The financial year is supposed to start by December 31 or January1.
“We cannot sacrifice thoroughness and good work on the altar of time, we still need to do our work; we will ensure we fast-track the passage in the shortest possible time.
“When we go back to the house, we will double and triple all efforts and make sure that this budget is passed on time,” they said.
Gbajabiamila said that hopefully, the budget would revive the country's economy and make life better for Nigerians.
“The good thing is that the budget year has been extended to March and there are safeguards in the constitution that provide that when the budget has not been passed during a certain period, there are certain things that can be done to keep the government running.
“But the budget will be passed soon and like it has been tagged -‘Budget of Recovery and Growth', hopefully, that is what we will see in 2017,” they said.
President Muhammadu Buhari on December 14, 2016 in Abuja, presented a budget proposal of N7.30 trillion for 2017 before a joint session of the National Assembly.
The post We'll fast-track budget passage, says Gbajabiamila appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bo Derek and John Corbett share secret to their relationship “We both travel so much, so for us, our favorite vacation place is home,” explained Derek.
Lady Gaga premiered a new song at Coachella on Saturday. The song comes ahead of Gaga's summer tour (which stops in Toronto on September 6th & 7th), and it's a return to the dance-pop sound they burst on to the scene with.
The new single will hit radio April 25th. It has already dethroned Ed Sheeran on the worldwide iTunes chart.
What do you think of Lady Gaga's new song?Listen below:
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville criticized equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to react more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe they would have read it out if he'd had their druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when they wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When they acted in that way, they were operating according to their instinct. And their instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
The value of a cryptocurrency isn't confirmed by third parties, like governments, the way the U.S. Treasury guarantees the value of the dollar. Its value is recorded and verified at the time you buy or sell it on those blockchain ledgers, which are open for anyone to review.
Without government regulation, cryptocurrencies can fluctuate massively from day to day, and the digital mechanisms behind them are regularly hacked by cybercriminals. They're particularly vulnerable to manipulation by fraudulent advertising and scam artists, which has put pressure on companies like Facebook and Google to take action.
Facebook went first, in January, when it banned "ads that promote financial products and services that are frequently associated with misleading or deceptive promotional practices," like initial coin offerings and cryptocurrency.
Tuesday, Google followed suit, saying it would also ban cryptocurrency-related ad content beginning in June.
"We don't have a crystal ball to know where the future is going to go with cryptocurrencies, but we've seen enough consumer harm or potential for consumer harm that it's an area that we want to approach with extreme caution," Scott Spencer, the company's director of sustainable ads, told CNBC.
Google's news landed as the International Monetary Fund, or IMF — in a paper ominously titled "Addressing the Dark Side of the Crypto World" — called on governments to impose "regulatory technology and supervisory technology" to "help shut criminals out of the crypto world."
"The same reason crypto-assets — or what some people call crypto-currencies — are so appealing is also what makes them dangerous," the agency wrote, citing the decentralization of networks that allow traders to remain anonymous.
"The result is a potentially major new vehicle for money laundering and the financing of terrorism," it said. And correcting the problems will "require close international cooperation" under a "global" framework — words that are poison to many cryptocurrency investors.
Then, on Wednesday, Congress got into the act. At a hearing of the House Financial Services subcommittee on markets and securities, members and witnesses colorfully expressed deep skepticism.
Rep. Bill Huizenga, R-Mich., the subcommittee's chairperson, derided what they called the "crypto craze," promising: "This panel, this Congress is not going to sit by idly with a lack of protection for investors."
Rep. Brad Sherman, D-Calif., was even more blunt, declaring: "Cryptocurrencies are a crock."
"They allow a few dozen men in my district to sit in their pajamas all day and tell their wives they're going to be millionaires," they said.
Comments like that are indicative of the haziness of many people's grasp of cryptocurrencies. Some experts have endorsed John Oliver's explanation Sunday night on "Last Week Tonight." Warning: Oliver uses equally colorful language, but of a different, not-safe-for-work variety.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
A sheriff's deputy in Indiana helped a convicted felon move large amounts of drugs and even gave the man their department-issued firearm for “protection,” authorities say.
Delaware County Deputy Jerry Parks, 37, was arrested late Thursday at their home in Muncie after a 6-month probe into a drug ring that led to more than a dozen other arrests, The Star Press reports.
Police seized nearly $90,000 in suspected drug money as a result of the busts — as well as 1 pound of heroin, 5 ounces of meth, 20 grams of cocaine, 15 pounds of marijuana and seven handguns. But the investigation took a wild turn after one of the suspects — Danny Terry, 33, who was charged Tuesday with 14 drug-related counts – was caught by authorities talking on the phone with Parks, who gave them “information … about an undercover narcotics officer,” newspaper reported.
Terry later told investigators about their connection to Parks, whom authorities allege held onto Terry's drugs for “safe-keeping” and gave the convicted felon their “duty-issued service weapon” for protection while transporting drug money. Parks also gave Terry narcotics they had seized while working as a sheriff's deputy, authorities say.
While wearing a recording device, authorities then set up a meeting between Terry and Parks, during which the felon took 12 pounds of marijuana to Parks' home and said they needed a place to keep it.
Parks then made “multiple phone calls” while trying to find a landing spot for the pot, before ultimately telling their wife, Bridgette Suzanne Parks, to put the bag in the trunk of their car. The couple's two children were home at the time.
But investigators feel the ordeal helped prove that the two men had worked together several times before.
“During the interaction between Parks and Terry, they can be heard discussing prior occasions in which Terry had Parks hold onto drugs for him,” one cop wrote.
Parks, who has been released on bond, was charged with aiding, inducing or causing dealing in heroin, aiding, inducing or causing dealing in marijuana, attempted dealing in marijuana and two counts of neglect of a dependent.
Parks' wife was also arrested and charged with neglect of a dependent and attempted dealing in marijuana. They have also been released on bond, The Star Press reports.
Parks, who is now on administrative leave from the department, was also stripped of all “department-issued police equipment,” according to a statement by Delaware County Sheriff Ray Dudley.
“We are all saddened by this recent turn of events as any time a police officer disgraces themselves it reflects negatively not only on their department, but on the entire law enforcement profession,” the statement said.
You still seem to be having trouble striking the correct balance between your work and your domestic commitments. Try setting aside a fixed time for your career and a fixed time for your family and don't let either one encroach on the other.
Alexa Ray Joel is engaged "I just kept staring at this ridiculously exquisite ring- and they were just hysterically laughing at me!!!" Joel posted on Instagram.
New York high school names building after Billy Joel's mother Joel attended a ceremony Tuesday at the newly dedicated Rosalind Joel Conservatory for Music and Theatre.
Billy Joel welcomes third daughter “Alexis and Remy are doing well, and everyone is thrilled," a rep for Joel said.
Billy Joel to become a dad again at 68 "This one is pretty good. They sleep through the night," Joel said of the couple's older child, 2-year-old Della Rose. "I hope the next one will."
Billy Joel gets competitive with Elton John Billy Joel used to ask Elton John, "When are you going to make less albums?"
How 'The Talk' is getting on without Aisha Tyler The bulk of the new prime time season kicks off later this month (at night) — but it's a different scenario in daytime. Several daytime shows (“Steve,” “The View,” “Live...
Make annual financial targets that can be achieved over 12 months, even if the path isn't always smooth, writes Chuck Jaffe. See full story.
U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption
This current rally is rooted in greedy hopes, not grounded fundamentals, writes Tim Mullaney. See full story.
Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don't believe a word
Investors should seek out the whole spectrum of opinion, even if they reject most of it, because it makes them better informed, writes Chuck Jaffee See full story.
The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016
Poorly performing large companies tend to become better values, attracting investors, says Mark Hulbert. See full story.
Two presidential New Year's tweets, two vastly different messages
President Barack Obama and President-elect Donald Trump issued starkly different New Year's messages on Twitter over the weekend See full story.
'Time is highly elastic,' Laura Vanderkam told MarketWatch in a Facebook Live interview. See full story.
Excavation work is believed to have begun today as part of an investigation into missing Naas man Trevor Deely.
SEE ALSO: TREVOR DEELY LATEST: Gardai searching three-acre woodland site beside river in Chapelizod in missing Kildare man case
A new line of inquiry led Gardaí to a site in Chapelizod in West Co. Dublin over the weekend.
A three-acre wooded site was sealed off by Gardaí.
Mr Deely disappeared on their way home from a work Christmas party in the early hours of December 8, 2000.
SEE ALSO: WATCH: Missing Naas man Trevor Deely's sister makes heartfelt appeal to "end to this relentless nightmare"
There are reports circulating that Trevor was murdered by a well-known Dublin criminal, but Gardaí have not officially confirmed this information.
Detective Inspector Paul Costello indicated to media that this could be a long and extensive operation, they said that the search will be ongoing for the forseeable future.
SEE ALSO: BREAKING: €100,000 reward offered for information related to Naas man Trevor Deely's disappearance
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – The University of Louisville has granted two players release from the football program.
The university made the announcement regarding linebacker Isaac Stewart and defensive back Lyn Strange on Wednesday.
Stewart appeared in 11 games for UofL in 2017, according to the release. They finished with 26 tackles and two tackles for loss. Stewart is a native of Charlotte, North Carolina, according to the release.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
Strange sat out as a redshirt for the Cardinals last season, according to the release.  They are a native of Leon, Florida.
UofL has not released the reason why the release was requested.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
How the biggest gambler in Vegas stole Giancana's girl and lost over $20M When Edward “Tiger Mike” Davis succumbed after a 10-year battle against prostate cancer last month, Sin City became slightly less sinful. The oil tycoon, who died at the age of...
Vegas is trying to cheat you out of even more money Casinos exist to take your money at the gaming tables. Everyone knows that. But they've long been pretty sporty when it comes to giving back in terms of free rooms,...
Monk accused of looting temple of $150K for blackjack addiction Nothing disrupts Zen tranquility like a federal embezzling rap. A blackjack​-​addicted Buddhist monk from Louisiana was arrested at LaGuardia Airport and charged with looting their own temple of roughly $150,000...
Affleck's checkered gambling past Batman's been robbin' the house. Forthcoming “Batman” star Ben Affleck — who was banned for life from playing blackjack at the Hard Rock Casino in Vegas — has been cleaning...
A pair of bus routes servicing south end Barrie will soon make a few extra stops. The City has announced route 1 will, as of Sunday, loop up around Churchill Dr. from Park Place, instead of heading down to Mapleview. This means no more northbound service along Welham from Mapleview to Churchill. Route 11, instead of just going from a Lockhart Drive subdivision to Park Place and back, will soon make runs up to the Allandale Rec Centre too. All this comes into effect Sunday.
Video
Thousands of neo-Nazi music tracks calling for genocide and the violent murder of Muslims, Jews and other groups can be easily found on the world's most popular video-sharing site, YouTube.
Although much of this "hate music" violates the site's own rules or local laws, a BBC Trending investigation has found inconsistencies in how YouTube deals with these tracks. The company admits that it has "more to do" in restricting neo-Nazi music on its site.
Video journalist: Natalia Zuo
Reporter: Mike Wendling
More details about our investigation on the BBC Trending blog.
All our stories are at bbc.com/trending.
CTV Ottawa
Ottawa's strong and stable housing market is having a noticeable impact on rental rates.
According to the popular listing website PadMapper, rental prices for a bachelor and four-bedroom apartment have increased by 7% in the last month alone. One-bedroom apartments have decreased by nearly 2%, but are still up about 7% from this time last year.
"The fact that Ottawa is beating the slow moving seasons with rent rising shows that people want to move there and people are trying to move now instead of when everyone is moving in the Summer," said PadMapper spokesperson Crystal Chen.
In January, Ottawa had the second fastest growing one bedroom rent in the top ten largest markets with a unit going for an average price of $1,120 per month. Chen attributes the increase to growing demand for Ottawa combined with a spike in new, luxury apartment buildings entering the market.
"Definitely younger people are moving here and then people are also being priced out of Toronto and Montreal and they are looking to Ottawa for cheaper costs of living and that's increasing demand overall," they said.
The low vacancy rate, sitting at just 1.7%, is being tied to a strong year for condo sales. According to the Ottawa Real Estate Board condo sales jumped by 20% in 2017 with the average property selling for about $269,000.
"There is less rental inventory available because some of the rental inventory is being bought up," said past president of the Ottawa Real Estate Board David Armstrong. "There are affordable rentals available out there in the marketplace, they are just becoming more competitive."
The affordability in Ottawa compared to other major markets like Toronto and Montreal is also pushing the vacancy rate down. Rather than rent, Armstrong said many millenniums are buying into the market leaving fewer properties available to tenants.
Avoid all kinds of hazardous activities over the next 24 hours. A full moon in your opposite sign warns you are likely to come off second best in situations where you are not in full control of events. Play it safe Aries, just this once.
Star mare Apple's Jade could make their seasonal reappearance in the Lismullen Hurdle at Navan on 12 November.
The five-year-old won Grade One event at Aintree and Punchestown in the spring of 2016 when trained by Willie Mullins, but was one of the most high-profile horses to leave the champion trainer last autumn following a well-publicised split with Gigginstown House Stud.
They have won three of their six starts since joining Gordon Elliott, claiming the Hatton's Grace at Fairyhouse, the Mares' Hurdle at Cheltenham and the Mares Champion Hurdle at Punchestown.
Elliott said: "We'll probably start them off in the Lismullen Hurdle at Navan.
"I'd say she'll have a similar sort of campaign to last season. We'll look at the Hatton's Grace after Navan and then will aim them towards the Mares' Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival."
A Toi Phil, who won last weekend's PWC Champion Chase at Gowran Park, is set to be aimed at a Grade Two chases for second-season novices at Down Royal on 4 November.
Outlander winning the Lexus
Last season's Lexus Chase winner Outlander is likely to contest the JNwine.com Champion Chase on the same afternoon.
Death Duty survived a final-fence blunder to make a winning chasing debut at Tipperary last Sunday and is set for an imminent step up in class.
"I didn't think they did anything majorly wrong at Tipperary, they just made a mistake at the last. If he'd have jumped that well, they probably would have won easily and everyone would have been delighted, but they didn't," Elliott told At The Races.
"He'll probably go to the Florida Pearl Novice Chase at Punchestown next month and then go to the Drinmore at Fairyhouse from there, all being well.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Bibb County deputies are looking for the woman who they say used stolen identification to buy a Range Rover.
- Advertisement -
Deputies say the woman had the victim's information with a photograph. Deputies say the vehicle could have been in the Middle Georgia area since the middle of April. The Range Rover was purchased at Carvana in Atlanta and deputies do not know what's on the tag.
If you can help deputies in this case, call Investigator Michael Parrott at 478-803-2650 or 478-954-0841. You can also call Macon Regional Crimestoppers at 478-743-2330.
Salesforce.com Inc. shares reached a record high Wednesday as nearly half the analysts covering the customer-relations software management company hiked price targets on the stock following a strong quarter that came out relatively clean even with several moving parts.
Salesforce CRM, +2.25% shares reached a record intraday high of $132.55 on Wednesday, and were last up 2.3% at $129.84 on heavy volume. The last record high of $131 was reached May 14. It remains to be seen whether Salesforce will carve out a fresh record close seeing its current closing high from May 11 is $130.63. More than 11 million shares exchanged hands by afternoon trading, compared with a 52-week average daily trading volume of 4.7 million shares.
Shares are up 27% for the year, compared with an 8.2% gain in the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.99% and a 2% rise in the S&P 500 index SPX, +1.37%
Late Tuesday, Salesforce reported earnings that topped Wall Street estimates, even as its acquisition of application programming interface company MuleSoft diluted earnings, and posted its first quarter of more than $3 billion in sales. Salesforce also raised its outlook for the year with $315 million of that $415 million revenue hike coming from MuleSoft.
On a Tuesday conference call, Salesforce Chief Executive and Chairman Marc Benioff also announced the company had closed its largest deal ever with an unnamed insurance company in a traditionally slow first quarter and that its Einstein AI product was generating more than 2 billion predictions to customers a day. Einstein incorporates artificial intelligence to provide predictions and recommendations based on a company's business processes and customer data.
Opinion: Why Marc Benioff's AI bet will power Salesforce's next wave of growth
Canaccord analyst Richard Davis, who has a buy and raised their price target to $150 from $135, applauded Salesforce for the MuleSoft acquisition as a way of gaining more leverage in a software industry that is thriving more on cooperation than outright competition. They noted:
One of the primary reasons why Salesforce is “sticky” with customers (despite inevitable wheezing about pricing) is that Salesforce integrates with so many other software vendors. In our opinion, the software industry has become an industry of open API's and “coopetition.” This is what [CEO Satya] Nadella finally did for Microsoft, and it has been Benioff's vision for Salesforce since day one.
Read: Salesforce bought about 5 million shares of Dropbox in the first quarter
Jefferies analyst John DiFucci, who has a buy rating and raised their price target to $155 from $140, said Salesforce should not be too much in a hurry to integrate MuleSoft. They noted:
We believe that an important characteristic of MuleSoft is a sense of neutrality and independence, and any perception (or reality) of the contrary could be detrimental to company sales. At the same time, we believe that MuleSoft provides the modern architecture best suited for today's IT infrastructure.
Cowen analyst J. Derrick Wood, who has an outperform rating and raised their price target to $145 from $135, noted that Salesforce's investment in international business was paying off with international revenue rising 30% versus 19% growth in the Americas. For example, back in April, Salesforce said it was investing $2.2 billion in its French business over the next five years.
Mizuho analyst Abhey Lamba, who has a buy rating and a $160 price target, said there were too many moving parts to Salesforce's first-quarter results but that momentum seemed strong. One of those moving parts has to do with new accounting rules, specifically ASC 606, which recognizes contract revenue. Salesforce reported first-quarter bookings of $2.21 billion, compared with the $2.12 billion expected by Wall Street.
“While [cash flow from operations] outlook likely ended up lighter than expected and F1Q19 billings growth of ~16% might be considered low, we note that billings is becoming less relevant for most software companies due to 606 adoption,” Lamba noted.
Raymond James analyst Brian Peterson, who has a strong buy rating and raised their price target to $160 from $135, also talked about the many moving parts of Salesforce's earnings.
“While there's some moving parts related to billings calculations given the 606 restatements, like for like billings still beat our estimate while total ‘backlog' was up a healthy 36% y/y,” Peterson said.
“All in all, it was a very clean 1st quarter that should shake off any naysayers,” said Stifel analyst Tom Roderick, who has a buy and raised their price target to $150 from $142.
Of the 44 analysts who cover Salesforce, 21 raised their price targets on the stock, bumping up the average target price to $146.90, compared with $139.93 prior to the release of earnings, according to FactSet data. Of those 44 analysts, 39 have bought or overweight ratings and five have hold ratings.
For the year, Salesforce estimates earnings of $2.29 to $2.31 a share on revenue of $13.08 billion to $13.13 billion for the year. Analysts, on average, hiked their estimates to $2.26 a share on revenue of $13.06 billion on Wednesday, compared with the $2.12 a share on revenue of $12.73 billion for the year expected before the earnings report.
Advocates for District of Columbia statehood are making their annual pitch to members of Congress.
This year's "lobby day" organized by D.C. Vote comes amid an attempt by House Republicans to invalidate a local law. On Monday, a House committee voted in favor of a resolution that would strike down the District's new assisted-suicide law.
Congress hasn't invalidated a city law since 1991, and it's unlikely the House and Senate will vote on the resolution in time to stop doctor-assisted suicide from becoming legal. But Congress often finds other ways to block local policies that members don't like.
Supporters of statehood will be visiting House and Senate offices Wednesday, armed with talking points about how District residents are "second-class citizens" because they lack voting representation in Congress.
ATV rider accused of biting cop to avoid arrest A man bit a cop who tried to stop them from tearing down a Manhattan sidewalk on an ATV, authorities said Tuesday. The rotund suspect was cruising down the sidewalk...
Teen dies when ATV crashes into trees CITRA, Fla. — A Florida teenager who was injured when their all-terrain vehicle crashed into a tree has died. The Ocala Star-Banner reports the crash happened Saturday when 17-year-old Sean...
This Texan does action film-worthy stunts on their quad bike Texan Douglas Lee rarely keeps their four-wheeled ATV on all its wheels. The skilled rider filmed themselves doing a series of impressive tricks.
Tragic end for man who gave away spot on kidney donation list A Turkish man who gave a young girl their spot on a kidney-transplant waiting list was killed when they crashed an all-terrain vehicle they had received for their kind gesture....
NYPD crushes illegal dirt bikes as a message to 'knuckleheads' It was demolition-derby time for Police Commissioner Bill Bratton on Tuesday. The city's top cop made good on their promise to destroy dozens of ATVs and dirt bikes seized during...
Bill Bratton thinks dirt bike riders are a bunch of morons NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton on Sunday lashed out at ATV riders who illegally flood the streets in the summer, calling them “idiots,” “morons” and “screwballs” while vowing to destroy their...
'We're going to crush them': NYPD to broadcast destruction of illegal dirt bikes The NYPD announced a new hands-on approach to reduce the impact of illegal dirt bike and ATV riders that terrorize city streets – by crushing their seized rides and broadcasting...
Man arrested after ramming cop with ATV Police have arrested a Bronx man who allegedly rammed their ATV into a cop on purpose. George Evangelista, 44, was driving on Hunts Point Avenue Saturday night when they struck...
Driver of ATV intentionally rams into cop: police Police are looking for their man, who they say intentionally rammed their ATV into a cop in The Bronx Saturday night.
The Belgian prisoner who killed four people during a two-day furlough spared the life of the high school janitor they took hostage because they are Muslim, according to the woman, who was hailed Wednesday for their courage as they faced off with the madman.
Minister of the Interior Jan Jambon said the woman, who is originally from Morocco and identified only as Darifa, was “very courageous” during their terrifying encounter with cop-killer Benjamin Herman — and likely prevented further bloodshed.
“Perhaps their actions avoided there being more victims of the incident at the school,” they told local broadcaster RTL.
Jambon, Prime Minister Charles Michel and King Philippe visited the woman in the hospital, where they were being treated for shock after being held inside Léonie De Waha school by Herman, 36 — who ran into the building moments after stabbing and shooting two police officers and killing a bystander.
Herman shouted “Allahu Akbar!” — “God is great” in Arabic — during the attack, is suspected of having been radicalized in prison and was on a two-day furlough from prison when they went on their rampage.
The woman spoke to TV station RTBF by phone from the hospital.
The first thing the shooter asked them was “Are you Muslim?” and “Are you doing Ramadan?,” they told the station.
When they answered “Yes” to both questions, Herman told them not to worry, to do what they said and that they wouldn't harm her, they said.
“I told them they were not in the right place,” they recalled. “'You're in a school here,'” they told him. “'There are lots of kids.'”
When they pulled them to a window so that police could see her, they started screaming and crying.
see also Belgium shooter killed ex-inmate night before terror attack The prison inmate on furlough who murdered two police officers...
“He told me to stop, to think about my Palestinian brother and my Syrian brothers, that it was for them that I had to cry,” they recalled.
The killer didn't seem nervous or like they wanted to try to escape, as cops surrounded the school, they said. Instead, they told them they were there to make people nervous and the cops angry.
“At one moment they told me to open the door and tell the cops to leave. Then we opened the door a second time so they could throw their ID so they could see who they are. And the third time, they went outside, and that's it. I think they knew it was over for him. And they went outside.”
Herman ran out into the street with their gun blazing, injuring four officers, before being shot dead by cops.
None of the 1,100 students in the school were harmed.
“Everyone was able to evacuate because of this hostage situation,” the school's principal, Rudy Greeten, told RTBF. “This woman, one of our custodians, was taken hostage and spoke with this fanatic, who claimed Islam, well, they are Muslim and I think that was able, at some point, to appease him.”
ERIN, Wis. – Of all the many reasons to like Jordan Spieth, their relationship with their sister tops them all.
Jordan often talks about the influence their litter sister, Ellie, has on their life. Ellie, who Jordan says is the “best thing that ever happened to their family,” was born with a neurological disorder but is alongside their big brother's side at most tournaments
They cheer them on when they win and admonishes them — always lovingly, of course — when they lose. They walked alongside Jordan during their final practice around ahead of the 2017 U.S. Open, which led to this adorable clip of the two. Classic sibling shenanigans.
Thanks to Golf Channel for grabbing the clip:
A second victim, 27-year-old David Androsky, was shot in the chest and taken to Essentia Health-St. Mary's Medical Center in Duluth, where they were listed in stable condition on Monday.
No arrests have been announced in the case, but police said they were not treating it as a random act.
"It appears there was an altercation between people inside the Third Base Bar which ended up behind the bar and ultimately two people being shot," Superior police Capt. Thomas Champaigne said.
An autopsy was expected to be performed on Kyle Androsky Monday in the Twin Cities.
The Superior Police Department, Douglas County Sheriff's Office and Lake Superior Drug and Violent Crime Task Force are investigating the incident.
Anyone with information concerning the shooting can contact the Superior Police Department by dialing 911, calling the department's tipline at (715) 395-7468, texting "spdtip" to 847411 or by submitting information through the department's website or Facebook page. Tipsters may remain anonymous, police said.
The heaviest rain in months in parched Kansas, the biggest U.S. grower of winter wheat, sent the grain price tumbling by a record 5.9 percent on speculation that the downpour will revive crops.
Hard red winter wheat futures for May delivery tumbled as as 30 cents, the most allowed by the Chicago Board of Trade, before closing at $4.7025 a bushel. Futures breached the 50- and 200-day moving averages, triggering sales by hedge funds racing to unwind bullish bets, Darrell Holaday, the president of Advance Market Concepts in Wamego, Kansas, said in a telephone interview.
In the week ended March 13, speculators increased wagers on rising prices to 28,946 futures and options contracts, the highest since Aug. 15, government data showed March 16. Funds had a net-short position of 34,422 contracts at the end of December. May futures began trading in July 2015. The percentage drop was the biggest for a most-active contract since March 28, 2013.
“The rain came at a good time for the crop to begin to recover from drought,” Holaday said. “This break in prices should help to improve export demand” by sending the grain to competitive levels on the world market, they said.
The center of the Kansas wheat belt had widespread rain in the past 24 hours with lingering showers on Monday adding beneficial moisture to central and eastern areas, Andy Karst, a meteorologist at World Weather Inc. in Overland Park, Kansas, said in a phone interview.
Burgers are bigger, brawnier and more omnipresent than ever, boasting exotic add-ons, “proprietary” beef blends — and higher price tags. But it doesn't mean they're necessarily better than cheap, old-school, diner-style ground-chuck numbers.
That's especially true when someone dolls up lame, Wagyu-blend patties with a salad bar's worth of incompatible toppings that include cheap foie gras, portobello mushrooms, avocado and alfalfa sprouts, as at new Latin-fusion Tavo on Hudson Street.
I grew up loving simple patties grilled to a succulent turn, like the $10.95 “classic cheese” at several Burger Heaven locations and the $9.42 cheeseburger at the Parker-Meridien hotel's Burger Joint. Both are demure enough to be eaten by hand and immensely satisfying. By comparison, most of the new crop of mega-burgers — made with designer beef blends, topped with the kitchen sink and costing small fortunes — fall short. The weaker ones range from meh (some flavor but lacking in moisture) to miserable (neither flavor nor juice). The best are just too damn expensive. None could be comfortably hand-held and a few might best be consumed with a forklift.
Most of the new breed rely on baroque, custom-tailored blends of chuck, short ribs and brisket, with wildly varying results. The year's most celebrated new burger is at relaunched Chumley's on Bedford Street. “I think it's one of the greatest burgers in New York City,” boasted owner Alessandro Borgognone. “A burger worthy of [onetime Chumley's customer Ernest] Hemingway, declared Bloomberg.com. “Bound to be the breakout star,” gushed GQ.com.
Ahem — the $25 grass-fed double patty top round (50 percent dry-aged) from Fleishers Craft Butchery tasted gray and character-less after we managed to find the damn thing under a mountain of toppings — a bone marrow, American cheese, crispy shallots and “secret sauce.”
Even so, it whipped the buns off of Tavo's $26 exercise in beef blandness. Avocado, a fatty-rich fruit, does not belong with even fattier-richer foie gras. Even if it did, nothing could elevate the meat from its built-in mediocrity.
Several burgers I tried weren't terrible, but seemed pointless when there were so many better dishes on the menu. At David Burke's new Tavern62, a snore-inducing, too-dry $27 burger ($20 at lunch) was lost at sea amid Burke's signature creative riffs like “angry lobster scramble” and “paella-style” red snapper.
The new Union Square Cafe's $27, custom LaFrieda brisket/short rib blend on a brioche bun with Berkshire bacon and Beecher's cheddar cheese was better, but still paled compared to the restaurant's other offerings. Chef Carmen Quagliata's at the top of their game with killer dishes that cost the same or little more, like duck-and-chanterelle pappardelle ($27) and arrestingly spiced chicken ($31). Why order a decent, but unspectacular, burger instead?
Sadly, the best of the high-priced field were the most high-priced. Truly grand was the relaunched Beatrice Inn's 45-day-dry aged burger on a brioche bun, topped with red wine-caramelized onions and creamy, melted d'Affinois cheese. The remarkably sweet, 3-inch-tall giant is a worthy challenger to the town's longtime reigning champ, Minetta Tavern's $33 Black Label number permeated with clarified butter.
But chef Angie Mar's Beatrice burger is $38. I balk at spending that much on a hamburger — and that's without the addition of a duck egg and shaved black truffles, which will set you back $52.
A few (relatively) lower-priced alternatives can be nearly as enjoyable. Minetta Tavern's regular burger is nearly as delicious as the Black Label for just $25 — and it includes fries.
At Minetta owner Keith McNally's new Augustine, the $27 Whiskey Burger boasts a compelling blend of brisket, short rib, hanger and chuck blend with a curiously smoky, forestlike complexion. It's even more fun if you love whiskey, which permeates grilled onions and comes as a shot on the side for good measure.
Alas, the baroque-burger boom shows no signs of letting up. “Crafted” burgers are popping up at more and more ambitious, new or relaunched restaurants, often where they don't belong. At Dan Kluger's new Loring Place, a cheeseburger was worth $19 — but it's the least interesting thing to order on a “greenmarket” menu focusing on vegetables and fish.
Pat LaFrieda Meat Purveyors president Mark Pastore says that “300 [restaurants] in the city are now using our customized chop meat for hamburgers,” compared to maybe “30 or 40 just 10 or 15 years ago.”
Too bad too many kitchens don't know how to cook them to juicy perfection, but instead pile on a mountain of gimmicky toppings to make them interesting.
Bristol Motor Speedway will once again use the PJ1 compound for a third consecutive time for this weekend's NASCAR events there.
First applied at last August's Bass Pro Shops NRA Night Race and again for the Food City 500 earlier this year, the compound has resulted in greater grip and additional grooves that has led to closer side-by-side racing.
As a result of the success at Bristol, as well as other tracks, look for PJ1 — or tire dragging to add more rubber to the racing surface — to be utilized at several other tracks during the upcoming 10-race NASCAR Cup playoffs.
“We had our driver council meeting Friday night in Michigan, and part of that meeting was to go over the remaining race tracks, talk about where we may or may not put something on the surface (or) where we want to rubber in the track,” NASCAR Executive Vice President and Racing Development Officer Steve O'Donnell said Monday on The Morning Drive on Sirius/XM NASCAR Radio.
“(We) really worked with the drivers to say what is the exact line where you think this would continue to improve the racing on track,” O'Donnell added. “It's been going really well so far.
“We learn obviously where it works and where we've got some changes to make. We liked the first race at Bristol where we used it, might have missed the line a little bit the last time, so we're going to go back to where we were with the first race and think that will be a really good solution.”
BMS officials are preparing to add the PJ1 treatment to the lower groove in time for Wednesday's UNOH 200 Camping World Truck Series race on Wednesday.
The compound will also be reapplied for Friday's Xfinity Series Food City 300 and Saturday's NASCAR Cup Bass Pro Shops NRA Night Race.
It has worked so well that BMS sister tracks Charlotte Motor Speedway and New Hampshire Motor Speedway – which will both host races in the upcoming 10-race NASCAR Cup playoffs – have also utilized the compound.
At tracks that do not use the compound, O'Donnell said others may use tire dragging to add more rubber to the race surface, much like took place at Michigan International Speedway prior to Sunday's race.
“I think there's only actually a couple (of tracks) where we won't have something,” O'Donnell told TMD. “There are a lot of different things when you look at trying to bring a high line in, especially at Texas, bringing that second groove.”
O'Donnell expects to announce which tracks will either use the compound or tire dragging in the next week.
“We want to finalize it with the race tracks,” O'Donnell said. “I think, all in all, we've got a plan for each one of the upcoming tracks.''
Follow @JerryBonkowski
A digital forensic firm enlisted by Facebook Inc. to investigate Cambridge Analytica has put its audit on hold, pending a separate probe by the U.K. government.
Facebook had said earlier that it enlisted the firm Stroz Friedberg to assess advertising-data provider Cambridge Analytica, whose handling of Facebook user data has embroiled the social networking company in controversy.
“At the request of the U.K. Information Commissioner's Office, which has announced it is pursuing a warrant to conduct its own on-site investigation, the Stroz Friedberg auditors stood down,” Facebook said Monday.
At issue is information on millions of Facebook users that Cambridge Analytica obtained from a researcher who shared the data without Facebook's permission. According to published news reports, Cambridge University researcher Aleksandr Kogan created a personality-analysis app that was used by 270,000 Facebook users, who in turn gave the app permission to access data on themselves and their friends, ultimately exposing a network of 50 million. Kogan and Cambridge Analytica had agreed to be audited by Stroz Friedberg to determine whether the data company still has the information, which it said has been deleted.
The data company, which worked for U.S. President Donald Trump during the 2016 campaign, was required to destroy the information in 2015 when Facebook learned it had the data, but reportedly failed to do so. Cambridge Analytica has denied wrongdoing.
“If this data still exists, it would be a grave violation of Facebook's policies and an unacceptable violation of trust and the commitments these groups made,” Facebook said. “We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims.”
Digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg will conduct a “comprehensive audit,” and Cambridge Analytica will provide “complete access to their servers and systems,” Facebook wrote before the audit was put on hold.
Anthony Rodas talks about how their team utilized ServiceDesk Plus to bring OK Tire's IT infrastructure up to speed with the industry. Prior to Anthony's employment, ticketing and asset management was handled through spreadsheets. Using ServiceDesk Plus, their team migrated to a proper help desk. They automated and sped up the processing time for help desk tickets and other IT issues. OK Tire also utilizes Desktop Central's straightforward patch management and software deployment to save time.
Learn more at https://www.manageengine.com/
About ManageEngine
ManageEngine delivers the real-time IT management tools that empower IT teams to meet organizational needs for real-time services and support. Worldwide, established and emerging enterprises – including more than 60 percent of the Fortune 500 – rely on ManageEngine products to ensure the optimal performance of their critical IT infrastructure, including networks, servers, applications, desktops and more. ManageEngine is a division of Zoho Corporation with offices worldwide, including the United States, India, Singapore, Japan and China.
A thing we all know by now: Behind many of those big-salary contract announcements in the NFL is usually a much smaller number in guaranteed money. In a thoughtful series of tweets on Tuesday, Russell Okung argued for guaranteed contracts to be the only way that players sign with teams after the next round of CBA negotiations (the current agreement expires in 2021).
“Considering football's level of brute, immanent physicality, high turnover as well as the short life cycle of its participants, it would seem to me that NFL players are in the most need of fully guaranteed contracts,” they wrote.
Their whole plan, laid out on Twitter is below:
(NFL GUARANTEED MONEY THREAD) I will never understand how billionaire team owners have convinced the public that the players, who put their bodies on the line every week and make less than 50% of league revenue, are the “ungrateful” ones. — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
Considering football's level of brute, immanent physicality, high turnover as well as the short life cycle of its participants, it would seem to me that NFL players are in the most need of fully guaranteed contracts. — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
Many argue that trying to compare the league-player dynamic in the NFL with other sports is apples to oranges. Yes & no. League revenues are skyrocketing, a monster media rights deal is on the horizon, the business of football will never be the same. — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
It's up to us, the players, to decide if we want league ownership to finally respect us as partners. Truth is, there is NOTHING preventing agents from negotiating a fully guaranteed salary for an NFL player (see Kirk Cousins deal). — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
Only problem is that this rarely happens… BUT it doesn't have to be this way… — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
Players want guaranteed money? Great! Rewrite the CBA. That's right, we need an overhaul not a revision or an extension. Why? — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
For starters: the current CBA uses an antiquated revenue accounting method and salary cap rules take up a significant part of our collective bargaining agreement. — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
Salary caps 👏🏾don't 👏🏾help 👏🏾players!! Moving on. — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
One part of ownership's reluctance to give players guaranteed money is the structure of our cap system, the “cap” consists of an intricate series of accounting rules that does not fully reflect actual transfers to the pockets of players. — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
Historically, the league has done a masterful job inserting language into the CBA to justify getting out of a “guarantee” or contract. Most headlines on the first day NFL free agency are misleading, even for players who are household names. — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
Superlatives attached to “highest paid player” is good for the media, but leaves many players wanting regarding actual cash by the finality of their deals. Press is nice but cash is better, especially with risk associated with our line of work. — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
It's only fair that a player sign a contract and expect the other side to honor that, right? What ever happened to “Show me the money?” pic.twitter.com/rkLDXiQKvM — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
I'll continue… consider guaranteed money in our current system. Fractions of a team's cap can be exhausted or locked in by what's known as “dead money” or a payout to a player because of the form of guarantee… — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
at the time of signing, thus limiting the amount teams are willing to guarantee. The “funding rule” gives management the flexibility to tell a player they are SOL. — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
This rule had more of a purpose in the past as their were issues with owners making payroll but with billionaires clamoring to be owners and the bids of media rights being north of two billion, is this rule still relevant? — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
With all that said, there are additional judgments to make regarding plenty of legal language in the CBA that works toward the detriment of players and in favor of multi-billionaire owners. If players want change, demand it. 💯💯 — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
I'll keep going because I'm having so much fun. Salary caps are one of several mechanisms that serve multi-BILLIONAIRE sports team owners to control and restrict the wages of millionaire players. — Russell Okung (@RussellOkung) July 3, 2018
When one follower weighed in with the general complaint that NFL players get paid a lot to play a game (I'm paraphrasing here), Chris Long chimed in:
The demand for football is why we don't make 30 dollars an hour. And don't ever complain about banging nails because some guy in the third world is working much harder for a dollar a day. (Additionally, I missed the CTE aspect of carpentry.) — Chris Long (@JOEL9ONE) July 3, 2018
Okung, an NFLPA vice president, laid out a plan for players to get better organized in a post on The Players' Tribune last year in the wake of the controversy of protests during the national anthem.
“By now you've likely read the commissioner's letter addressed to NFL executives and have seen reports about the league's upcoming meetings,” they wrote. “It occurs to me that any attempt to respond collectively as players is complicated by numerous challenges, and that our options for speaking with one voice are limited. This means we can either wait until we receive our respective marching orders, speak up individually, or find a way to collaborate and exercise our agency as the lifeblood of the league.”
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
JERUSALEM — A French employee of France's Consulate in Jerusalem is under arrest for allegedly smuggling dozens of weapons from the Gaza Strip to the West Bank, Israel's domestic security agency said Monday.
The Shin Bet said the man, identified as Romain Franck, 23, was part of a broader Palestinian smuggling ring and used their consular vehicle, which is subjected to more lenient security checks, as cover to transport the weapons through Israel's tightly secured border with the Gaza Strip.
Hamas forces stand guard at Erez border crossing into Israel, in Beit Hanun in the northern Gaza Strip. Mahmud Hams / AFP/Getty Images file
In a statement, the Shin Bet said Franck took part in the ring for financial gain and that their employer was unaware of their actions. The consulate in Jerusalem declined comment and declined to confirm whether Franck was an employee.
"This is a very serious incident in which the privileges and immunity granted to foreign missions in Israel were cynically exploited to smuggle dozens of weapons that could be used in terror attacks," the statement said.
The Shin Bet said Franck transferred 70 handguns and two assault rifles on five occasions over recent months. It said they received the arms from a Gaza man employed at the French cultural center in Gaza and brought them to someone in the West Bank where they were then sold to arm dealers. The Shin Bet said Franck, who was arrested in February, confessed to the charges. A gag order on the case was lifted Monday.
French consulate worker Romain Franck. Shin Bet
The agency sent reporters a picture of what it said was the consular vehicle, a silver S.U.V. It was not clear from the photo whether the vehicle carried the white license plates of the consular corps.
Nine people, including Franck, were arrested, the Shin Bet said, adding that they and five others would be indicted later on Monday. Among the suspects is a Palestinian security guard at the French Consulate in Jerusalem.
The Shin Bet said French authorities were kept aware of developments on the case during the investigation.
Israel has previously accused international actors, among them Palestinian U.N. workers or those for non-governmental organizations, of participating in hostile activities, including collaborating with Gaza's militant Hamas rulers. But the charge against a French citizen employed by a diplomatic mission is rare.
Seattle police surprise thieves sneaking out back door of Costco
Two people hurt in Austin explosion
4:27
(SPOILER ALERT: The following post contains results from Friday night's season finale of “Hell's Kitchen” on Fox):
On Friday night, the long, trying season of “Hell's Kitchen All Stars” finally came to an end as Chef Gordon Ramsay crowned the show's 17th champion.
And the winner was … Michelle Tribble!
Tribble had placed third during Season 14's competition, and came back determined to win it all.
Friday's two-hour finale began with three chefs still in contention — Nick Peters Bond and Benjamin Knack, along with Tribble. For their critical challenge, they had to prepare five outstanding dishes and each of them were paired with a sous chef to assist them.
At the end of the challenge, Nick was eliminated, leaving Michelle and Benjamin to battle it out.
Here's Michelle's winning menu:
Appetizers:
Hamachi Crudo
Cucumber coulis, jalapeno oil, sliced red grapes and black sesame aioli
Uni risotto
Shellfish stock, shrimp, ginger, scallion, sugar snap peas and uni butter
Roasted Cauliflower Salad
Tri Color Cauliflower, Parsnip Puree, Lemon Vinaigrette, Yellow Curry Aioli
Butternut Squash Spaghetti
Pancetta, Braised Kale, Butternut Squash Cream, Persimmon, Orange
Entrees:
Pan Seared Striped Bass
Squid ink pasta, seaweed butter, pickled shimiji mushrooms and fried ginger garnish
Chicken Thighs
Braised bok choy, Yuzu, Wasabi mayo, Cipollini onions, potato puree, chicken ginger demi
New York strip
Purple potato-beet puree, chili poached tomatoes, yuzu butter, Tokyo turnip and Szechuan peppercorn demi
Crispy Skin Salmon
Patty Pan Squash, Baby Zucchini, Tomato-Red Bell Pepper Puree, basil Gremolata, Carrot Puree
Desserts:
Chocolate Panna Cotta
Cherry Granita, Almond Crumble, Espresso Mousse
Peaches & Cream Alaska
Sponge Cake, Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, Peach Compote, Swiss Meringue
The death of a 1-month-old Brooklyn girl who suffered a fractured skull last year was ruled a homicide on Wednesday — and the tragic tot's mom and their boyfriend are being eyed as the top suspects, authorities said.
Police found Nichelle Waring unconscious in their crib after being called to the home on Hancock Street in Bedford-Stuyvesant on June 26.
The child's mother, 20-year-old Kenesha McCroskey, told cops that they placed the baby in the crib after feeding her, but when they checked on their 45 minutes later, Nichelle was not breathing and had blood coming from their nose.
The baby was rushed to Woodhull Hospital where doctors pronounced Nichell deceased and discovered they had a fractured skull and bruises to their ribs, police said.
On Wednesday, the death was officially ruled a homicide.
Police are now looking at McCroskey and their live-in boyfriend, who are both locked up for unrelated crimes, as potential suspects.
McCroskey was arrested in October and November for a series of grand larcenies involving credit card fraud, police sources said.
The mother has a long criminal history, the sources added.
Last March they were arrested for trying to sneak contraband into a prison. They were also busted for a robbery in 2014, officials said.
No arrests have been made at this time in regard to the homicide.
The rock art depicting a solar eclipse, possibly from A.D. 1097, looked "more celebratory than frightening," said a University of Colorado archaeoastronomer.
Millions of people will gaze at the Great American Eclipse on Aug. 21, shooting photographs and taking selfies. A thousand years ago, early Pueblo people, called Chacoans, captured their experiences of a total solar eclipse by carving it into a rock — a circle with looping streamers that resemble the sun's outer atmosphere, or corona.
Not only does this rock art, or petroglyph, depict a solar eclipse with a gigantic eruption of plasma called a coronal mass ejection (CME), its looping lines may have evoked a wondrous, inspirational experience, said solar astronomer J. McKim Malville, a University of Colorado Boulder professor emeritus, who is an expert in archaeoastronomy.
"The petroglyph looks more celebratory than frightening," Malville told Live Science. "If our interpretation is correct, they tried to depict the extraordinary sight of the corona, like nothing seen before — associated [it] with a deity that was even more mysterious and powerful than they imagined." [See Photos of the Petroglyph of the Solar Eclipse]
Malville discovered the petroglyph in 1992, while on a scientific excursion into Chaco Canyon, New Mexico, with W. James Judge, then a professor of anthropology at Fort Lewis College in Colorado. They found the petroglyph among others pecked into a large boulder called Piedra del Sol, near the ruins of a cultural hub for the Chacoans, who thrived there between A.D. 900 and 1150.
A petroglyph found in Chaco Canyon in New Mexico depicts a solar eclipse with a huge coronal mass ejection (an eruption of plasma from the sun). Credit: J Mckim Malville/University of Colorado
When they saw it, Malville immediately recognized something familiar.
"Some people might see it as a bug or a tick or a spider," they said. "But it struck me as very similar to photographs of coronal mass ejections that I'd seen, and drawings."
In 2014, Malville and professor José Vaquero of the University of Extremadura in Cáceres, Spain, published a study in the Journal of Mediterranean Archaeology and Archaeometry describing the discovery. They knew that an eclipse had occurred in the region on July 11, 1097, and that the sun's corona and even CMEs are visible to the naked eye during totality (when the moon's shadow completely blocks the sun's light from reaching Earth). But they needed evidence that the sun was in a period of heightened activity, known as solar maximum, when such ejections are most common. It occurs about every 11 years or so, with some variation in the intensity, Malville said.
They and their colleague consulted several sources to determine the level of activity around the time of the eclipse. They looked at data from ancient tree rings, which store traces of atmospheric carbon from photosynthesis and also provide a natural calendar of annual growth. During periods of high solar activity, the sun's more intense magnetic fields deflect cosmic rays from reaching Earth, reducing the amount of radioactive carbon, found as isotope carbon-14, found in tree rings. that makes it to Earth. For the period around 1097, the carbon-14 isotopes were low.
Naked-eye observations of sunspots recorded in ancient Chinese texts also indicated higher solar activity, as did historical data from northern Europeans on the annual number of so-called "auroral nights." The evidence pointed to high levels of activity on the sun during the 1097 eclipse. [The 8 Most Famous Solar Eclipses in History]
"It turns out, the sun was in a period of very high solar activity at that time, consistent with an active corona and CMEs," Malville said in news statement.
The depiction itself, a circle with looping streamers radiating from the edge, struck Malville as something jubilant, not frightening.
There are cultures that consider eclipses as dangerous and fearsome omens during the moments when the day turns into "night," Malville said.
But not all.
They recalled viewing the June 30, 1972, eclipse in Kenya, camped at the eastern edge of Lake Turkana among Turkana, Samburu and El Molo tribes. During the eclipse, the El Molo went into their huts, as they do every evening, remaining there until light returned; they didn't seem influenced at all by the event, they said. But the other tribes came to the campsite to view the eclipse.
This particular event lasted 7 minutes, an unusually long time, and the people there had a chance to see the beauty of the corona during totality.
"The brightness of the corona is about the brightness of the full moon, so it's easily seen with the naked eye," Malville said. (REMEMBER, never look directly at the sun or a solar eclipse without special protective viewers, though you can look at the eclipse without glasses ONLY during the couple of minutes of totality.)
Afterward, the people performed dances to celebrate the eclipse and thank the astronomers for the chance to see it.
Malville thinks that the 1097 eclipse in Chaco Canyon may have stirred a similar sense of wonder in the early Pueblo people. After 1100, the people built 10 large houses, called the Great Houses in Chaco, all of which are in areas that provide dramatic views of the rising or setting sun at the winter or summer solstices, they said.
"There is the possibility that the glory of that experience for the people living in Chaco in 1097 was transformed to an increased reverence for or an increased appreciation of the sun," Malville said.
They have a theory about why some modern people might claim that ancient civilizations were terrified by eclipses.
"They have never seen the full glory of an eclipse themselves," they said.
Originally published on Live Science.
Men Hold 82% of Tech Jobs at Uber
Bloomberg's Eric Newcomer reports on Uber's increase of women working at its company by 2.5%, despite having a new CEO in place for months. Newcomer speaks with Emily Chang on "Bloomberg Technology." (Source: Bloomberg)
Consider this your reward after a long work week: The heavens are set to go wild Friday with a full snow moon lunar eclipse and the closest brush Earth has had with a comet in three decades.
Friday's event is being referred to as a "Full Snow Moon Penumbral Eclipse," because of an old tradition in which each month's moon was named to describe the time of year.
A meteor streaks across the sky during the annual Perseid meteor on Aug. 12, 2016 in Spruce Knob, West Virginia. Bill Ingalls / NASA, file
The eclipse is expected to start around 5:34 p.m. EST, with East Coast residents having the best view. Paul Cox, an astronomer at Slooh, told NBC News that East Coast residents should be able to see the spectacle "an hour or so into the eclipse when the moon has risen."
"We will watch as the Full Snow Moon gradually fades from its left-hand side as it's bathed in the Earth's penumbral shadow. The effect is subtle and is easier to see in a series of images than with the naked eye — but it is possible to see with the naked eye," Cox said.
The greatest eclipse will occur at 7:44 p.m. EST, making it easier for East Coasters to get the best views halfway through the four hour and 19 minute long eclipse.
Even after the eclipse is over, it will still be a busy night in the sky. Comet 45P is set to have its closest brush with Earth Friday at 10:30 p.m. ET, marking the nearest encounter in three decades, according to Slooh.
Hiring a first-time general manager is one route the 49ers are exploring in their search to replace Trent Baalke. Related Articles Kawakami: Jed York's first words on the 49ers' re-start are… totally self-serving
Grading 49ers season-ending loss to the Seattle Seahawks
Purdy: 49ers end a rotten season with firings and uncertainty
Fired 49ers coach Chip Kelly takes high road on their way out of town: ‘Don't complain,' they says
Kawakami: The Yorks bungle the start of a new 49ers era
Chris Ballard and Nick Cesario, the respective player personnel directors for the Kansas City Chiefs and the New England Patriots, emerged Monday morning as interview candidates, according to multiple reports, including the Sacramento Bee.
Although the next general manager likely will be tasked with hiring the 49ers' fourth coach in four seasons, the 49ers have a small window to interview assistants who are in the playoffs, so it should be no surprise they're among three teams linked to Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels. Fox Sports reported that McDaniels will interview with the 49ers, Los Angeles Rams and Jacksonville Jaguars, doing so from the Patriots facility in Foxborough, Mass.
The Patriots and Chiefs won their respective divisions. Two hours after finishing a 2-14 season with a home loss to the Seattle Seahawks, the 49ers confirmed they had fired Baalke after seven seasons as personnel czar and Kelly after their first season as coach.
Jed York, the 49ers CEO, will address the media at 10 a.m. for the first time in a formal press conference since last January after they fired Jim Tomsula, who went 5-11 in their lone season after replacing Jim Harbaugh.
McDaniels was the Denver Broncos coach from 2009-10. They balked at the 49ers' overtures two years ago, and they come with a strong recommendation from Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.
“I see why there is a lot of interest and there should be because I think he's the best in the NFL,” Brady said Monday on Boston radio's WEEI. “Great coaches get opportunities and he's fortunate to be in a position where they should get them because he's earned it. I would hate to lose him, but I think it's always aspirational for a coach because it's great to lead a team, lead an organization.”
Beside Cesario, another possible GM candidate with links to McDaniels and the Patriots is Scott Pioli, who worked in the Patriots' personnel department from 2000-08. Pioli spent 2009-12 as the Chiefs GM, and he's been the Atlanta Falcons assistant general manager the past three seasons. Pioli was at Levi's Stadium on Wednesday scouting the Foster Farms Bowl.
The 49ers haven't shopped for both a general manager and coach since 2005, following a 2-14 season that led to the firings of Terry Donahue and Dennis Erickson. Mike Nolan was subsequently hired as coach and Scot McCloughan as their personnel czar.
Other potential GM candidates, according to Comcast SportsNet Bay Area, are ESPN analyst Louis Riddick (a 1991 49ers draft pick as a safety), Minnesota assistant general manager George Paton, and Seattle co-player personnel directors Trent Kirchner and Scott Fitterer.
CTV Ottawa
Ontario Provincial Police have charged a Carleton Place councillor with assault.
Police say they were called to the town hall Friday afternoon after a reported assault.
After an investigation, 65-year-old Douglas Black has been charged with one count of assault.
Provincial police would not reveal who was involved in the alleged fight, but another town councillor, Ross Trimble, says it was with town mayor Louis Antonakos.
It is not clear what happened leading up to the alleged fight.
CTV News did speak to Councillor Black. They confirmed the charges but says their lawyers have advised they not comment any further while the investigation is ongoing.
A three-year construction programme to improve congestion is almost at an end with the opening of the new Raith Underpass.
The new A725 underpass, which runs below the M74, will open to traffic for the first time in the early hours of tomorrow (Thursday).
Keith Brown, the Cabinet Secretary for Economy, Jobs and Fair Work, said: “The opening of the new underpass at Raith is a major and significant milestone in this massive transport infrastructure project.
“The Scottish Government is investing almost half a billion pounds to improve Central Scotland's road network. This investment will make a tangible difference to road users, alleviating the traffic congestion that has been a historic problem at Raith.
“The new underpass, and the strategic road network to which it links, will be a considerable benefit to commuters and businesses right across Scotland.”
Fifty years on since the Raith junction first opened to traffic, the new junction includes the creation of a 560m-long, 35 metre wide underpasses below the existing roundabout and the M74.
Consisting of more than 1,600 concrete and steel piles of up to 25m in length, the underpass will provide a free-flow link for traffic between the Bellshill Bypass and the East Kilbride Expressway.
Three new bridges have also been constructed to carry the motorway and local traffic over the new underpass, separating the traffic on the A725 from that using the M74.
In addition, two new footbridges have been installed and once complete will create safe access routes over the busy junction between Bothwell and Strathclyde Country Park.
Graeme Reid, project manager for the M8 M73 M74 Motorway Improvements Project, said: “The creation of the Raith underpass and the surrounding local roads network has been the most technically complex and challenging part of the project.
“Whilst finishing works will be ongoing at Raith following the opening of the underpass, we would like to thank road users for their continued patience as we enter the final stages of construction to tie in the new roads to the existing infrastructure.”
Image copyright Getty Images
Jaguar Land Rover has warned that a "bad" Brexit deal would hit its profits and threaten its £80bn investment plans.
The UK's biggest carmaker, owned by India's Tata Motors, said its "heart and soul is in the UK".
But it said that without frictionless trade its UK investment plans would be in "jeopardy".
The warning comes ahead of a cabinet meeting to finalise a Brexit White Paper on Friday.
Jaguar Land Rover chief executive Ralf Speth said: "A bad Brexit deal would cost Jaguar Land Rover more than £1.2bn profit each year.
"As a result, we would have to drastically adjust our spending profile; we have spent around £50bn in the UK in the past five years - with plans for a further £80bn more in the next five.
"This would be in jeopardy should we be faced with the wrong outcome."
Mr Speth said the firm "urgently need[s] greater certainty to continue to invest heavily in the UK".
The carmaker has about 40,000 UK-based employees.
Brexit campaigner Patrick Minford, chair of Economists for Free Trade, said:
"JLR understandably wants tariff-free trade to continue with the EU after Brexit. So does everybody and this would be achieved once we leave the EU by a straightforward Canada-type, CETA, trade deal.
"There is much nonsense talked about non-tariff barriers and border costs under such a deal.
"These would be illegal. Both the UK and the EU must continue under WTO rules to apply current standards in a non-discriminatory way."
The Jaguar Land Rover warning follows similar statements from BMW and Airbus.
After those warnings in June, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the threats were "completely inappropriate".
"We are in an absolutely critical moment in the Brexit discussions and what that means is that we need to get behind Theresa May to deliver the best possible Brexit," they said.
"The more that we undermine Theresa May the more likely we are to end up with a fudge, which would be an absolute disaster for everyone."
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
A real-life space oddity: After a ground-breaking space flight, a NASA astronaut has been found to have a slightly different gene expression from their identical twin brother.
The astronaut, Scott Kelly, spent a year aboard the International Space Station while their identical twin, Mark, remained on Earth.
“Mark and Scott Kelly are still identical twins; Scott's DNA did not fundamentally change,” wrote NASA news chief Kelly Humphries in an email. "What researchers did observe are changes in gene expression, which is how your body reacts to your environment."
Scott Kelly spent 340 consecutive days in space from March 2015 to March 2016. When they returned to earth, NASA studied them in comparison to Mark and found that 7 percent of their gene expression had changed. Researchers don't know how long these changes will last.
Expedition 45/46 Commander, Astronaut Scott Kelly along with their brother, former Astronaut Mark Kelly speak to news media outlets about Scott Kelly's 1-year mission aboard the International Space Station, on Jan. 19, 2015. Robert Markowitz / NASA
“They may all return to normal after one or two years, or five years. We simply do not know,” said Christopher Mason of Weill Cornell Medicine and the author of a study about the changes.
NASA scientists call those changes “space genes” and attribute them to the stresses of space travel.
Space genes is a new term and is still being defined. Mason suspects that a 7 percent disruption in gene expression after being back on Earth is neither high nor low. It's also not something entirely unseen before.
“This is the first experiment of its kind,” they said. “Nonetheless, this number likely is within the range for humans under stress, such as mountain climbing or scuba diving.”
Nineteen-Year-Old Nigerian Rofiat Abodunrin Crowned Miss Dream Castle 2018
Autism Speaks & Hope by KDO Benefit from Miss Dream Castle Pageant YONKERS – Nineteen-year-old Nigerian, a high school senior and aspiring model, was crowned Miss Dream Castle 2018 at the grand coronation held recently at the Royal Regency Hotel in Yonkers, New York. They beat out a talented field of nine contestants to take the crown, and […]
SLAUGHTER BY SOAPS ON ROPES In a plot worthy of a soap opera, “serial” killers are wiping out the top stars of daytime dramas – often in pairs. The economic crisis has finally trickled down...
MOB ON THE ROCKS The mob has long been in the business of extorting bars. Now it's expanded into shaking down the schools that teach bartenders how to shake and stir the drinks, the...
CLA$$Y OPRAH'S GIFT TO NEWARK O, my, is Newark excited about Oprah Winfrey! The talk-show queen has donated at least $1.5 million to help the city's kids get a better education and the less fortunate...
NEW CAUSE 'PACHS' IN STARS Free Billy! A menagerie of Hollywood celebrities has a new cause – helping a 23-year-old pachyderm to pack their trunk and move from the Los Angeles Zoo to a Northern...
BERNIE HOME TP'D BY TEENS Two Florida teens whose trust funds went down the toilet because of Ponzi schemer Bernard Madoff vented their rage by wrapping a tree on their Palm Beach estate in toilet...
KNICK GRIEVES Chicago police had a man in custody early today and were planning to question them in the slayings of Knick star Eddy Curry's ex-girlfriend – the mother of their son...
PAUL'S 'WEDDING' SPLASH Paul McCartney, still a hunk at 66 as they frolic on a Mexican beach with gal pal Nancy Shevell, plans to make a third trip down the aisle now that...
LEGEND OF LEDGER LIVES ON On the first anniversary of their death, actor Heath Ledger was honored yesterday – scoring an Academy Award nomination for playing the twisted villain the Joker in the Batman movie...
CHIRAC IS DEFEATED BY Their DOG He's survived corruption allegations, a stroke, and an assassination attempt, but former French President Jacques Chirac may have met their match – he's been viciously attacked by their “clinically depressed”...
GUMDAC Badminton Tournament 2018 underway at National Gymnasium
The GUMDAC Annual Open Doubles Badminton tournament opened on Friday last at the National Gymnasium. The tournament is running for the fifth year and is sponsored by Mr. Darrell Carpenay, Managing Director of GUMDAC.
The Events being played are Open Men & Ladies Doubles and Mixed Doubles.
This tournament opens the first Guyana Badminton Association (GBA) Local Event for the Year 2018.
The Matches played on the opening Night were as Follows:
OPEN MEN DOUBLES ROUND 1:
Nicholas Bullen & Veerendra Bhagwandin defeated Sekher Mallampati & Isaac Mallampati: 21-11, 21-14
OPEN MEN DOUBLES QUARTER-FINALS:
Open Top Players Jonathan Mangra & Ronald Chang Yuen defeated the Under-13 Champions Matthew Beharry & Vikash Mootoo: 21-8, 21-8. These two brave young players were fareless playing against the Seniors.
Veteran William Holder & Haymant Ramdhani defeated Akili Haynes & Russin Based Chet Bowling in an exciting three setters: 21-16, 18-21, 16-21
Ernesto Choo-A-Fat & Javid Rahaman defeated Nicholas Bullen & Veerendra Bhagwandin: 21-11, 21-15
Darrell Carpenay & Marlon Chung defeated Gokarn Ramdhani & Dr. Nicholas Waldron: 21-9, 21-16
OPEN MEN DOUBLES SEMI-FINALS:
Darrell Carpeny & Marlon Chung defeated Ernesto Choo-A-Fat & Javid Rahaman: 24-22, 21-8
OPEN LADIES DOUBLES ROUND ROBIN:
Priyanna Ramdhani & Shivannie Persaud defeated Jayde DaSilva & Deandrea Assing: 21-4, 21-6
Ayanna Wickham-Watson & Emelia Ramdhani defeated Jayde DaSilva & Deandrea Assing: 21-6, 21-2
OPEN LADIES DOUBLES FINALS:
Priyanna Ramdhani & Shivannie Persaud defeated Ayanna Wickham-Watson & Emelia Ramdhani: 21-15, 21-15
The Tournament continued yesterday with play-offs in the Men Doubles Finals & Third Place and the Mixed Doubles Events.
The presentation will be done at the end of all the remaining finals.
What Happened to Macy's Since Booting Trump is Much Worse Than We Thought
Macy's was one of the very first companies to dump a Trump-brand because they didn't like the President's rhetoric. Many saw this as a purely political move and decided to boycott the company.
It turns out that dropping Trump's clothes may have been the exact WRONG move for Macy's.
From Conservative Tribune:
Major companies across the country that have recently made the decision to no longer promote or carry the Ivanka Trump brand due to disagreements with their father, President Donald Trump, probably should have taken a lesson from another, anti-Trump company — Macy's. In July 2015, the large department store chain cut ties with then-candidate Trump and phased out their line of suits, shirts and ties because of Trump's comments on immigration and border security, according to a New York Times report of the time. However, less than two years later, Macy's stocks have dropped significantly since the company dropped Trump's products, suggesting that customers weren't exactly on board with the controversial decision. On July 16, 2015, Macy's stock price hit a five-year high of $72.8, according to the online stock analysis website Amigo Bulls. Fast forward to Feb. 13, 2017, and the anti-Trump department store closed the day's trading with a much lower stock price of $32.58, according to Market Watch. That's more than a 55 percent decrease.
It turns out that Trump supporters carry a whole lot more influence than Macy's thought.
Bored with your workouts?
Let's face it, workouts can get boring and motivation can start to wane. If you are bored of your workouts then your body is probably bored of them too! Don't think you are alone if you just can't seem to muster up the motivation to work out today, tomorrow or even anytime this week.
I used to have this problem. I saw going to the gym as a chore and, quite frankly, boring, till I decided to focus on activities I truly enjoy. Often, getting started can be the hardest step to take. If you find that you are getting bored with your exercise program then making a few changes can inject a fresh lease of life into your workouts and really get you going again. Here are some ways you can switch up your exercise routine to make them more fun:
Use a timer
Training with a timer can keep you honest and motivated. Rather than just burning through 10 squats or 10 push ups, try setting your timer for 60 seconds and then seeing how many squats or push ups you can perform in that time. Record your result and then try and beat it next time.
Be your own challenge
Workout challenges are a great way to motivate you. CrossFit became highly successful because they laid out many of their workouts in a challenge format. So, a simple challenge may be 1500 metres on a rowing machine, 20 barbell squat and presses, and 20 chin ups. Complete in the quickest time possible and then try and beat that time next workout. The only person you should be competing against should be yourself.
Do everything only once
Repetition is often what makes many people get bored quickly. To avoid the repetition, perform more exercises in one giant circuit. So rather than performing 4 exercises for 3 circuits, perform 12 different exercises instead. Giant circuits are great because you know that once you are done with an exercise then you don't have to do it again.
Create movement variety
Did you know there is more than one way to perform a squat? You can side-step and squat, squat and press, squat and rotate, squat on one leg, jump squat etc. To add more fun to your workout why not perform three types of different squats rather than three sets of the same. Here's a nice progression: 1st round Yoga Squats, 2nd round Dumbbell Squat and Press, 3rd round Jump Squats. For me, sports give me the variety of movement I need. On the basketball court, I'm pretty much moving my body in all the ways it can.
Train with a partner
Training with a friend can be motivational especially if they are more motivated than you. Partner training is best when you take full advantage of it. One good method is: You go, I go. So, for example, your partner performs 20 kettlebell swings, then you perform 20 Swings, then your partner etc. You can do the same for sprints, swimming laps etc. Plus, your partner can drag you out of your house on the days you just don't feel like it, and vice versa.
Get outside
There is nothing more invigorating than training outside in nature. Have you ever tried a few hill sprints? What about a nice bodyweight workout under a tree? Go for a swim in the sea or outdoor pool. A change of environment can be all you need to freshen things up.
Switch equipment
I spent years training with a skipping rope, then I tried boxing and I was hooked. Later I picked up some kettlebells and couldn't get enough of them. Soon, I got addicted to the rowing machine. There are so many options out there so start to mix them up. Workouts are so much more fun if you use a different piece of equipment each time.
Back to basics
You don't need to do lots and lots of exercise in order to get the benefits. Some days, performing just one exercise well and to your full capacity is all you need. If you lift well, then 5 x 5 barbell deadlifts will leave you recovering for days. 10 minutes of kettlebell snatches will blow your mind. 100 bodyweight squats is a great start to the day! Sometimes you just need to keep it simple!
Play more
Who said workouts are all about running or lifting weights? Try one hour of kayaking for some great core engagement. Practice performing some handstands or forward rolls to reconnect with your natural movement skills. Improve your balance by working out with a bosu ball. Go climbing with a friend or just walk in the hills.
Exercise and workouts should not be a chore. Find something you love and then do more of it. Human movement is a natural part of our evolution, it's deep within us you just need to let it out!
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. maybe basking in the afterglow of joining the $100-billion club, but it is the company's rival Infosys Ltd. that is a preferred buy for analysts.
Of the 44 analysts covering both companies, 38 have a buy or equivalent rating on Infosys, India's original poster child for software development. This compares with 19 buys for TCS, Asia's largest software exporter, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
“We find the relative valuation attractive given the similar EPS growth -- 11 percent CAGR, same as TCS,” Pankaj Kapoor and Akash Verma, analysts at JM Financial Research wrote in a note on April 23, referring to Infosys that has a market value of $38 billion.
Tata Consultancy Services' shares have jumped over 25 percent this year, more than double the gain in Infosys. Jefferies in a post-earnings note said that the improved outlook for TCS has been factored into the share price, while Kotak Securities deemed the stock to be rich, noting its price-earnings multiple of 19 for fiscal 2020 earnings.
Not surprisingly, Infosys' shares have a consensus rating of 4.2 on a Bloomberg scale, where 5 is an unanimous buy. TCS has a score of 3.4.
Infosys Chief Executive Officer Salil Parekh said last week it was time to sacrifice profit margins by investing in advanced technology and skills in order to capture the opportunities of the ahead. That includes pumping more money into technologies such as the Internet of Things, retraining staff and localizing its workforce in the U.S. What matters most is execution, analysts said.
“Implementation and execution could be a long cycle, but expectations are low and the valuation is relatively attractive,” Parag Gupta and Gaurav Rateria, analysts at Morgan Stanley wrote in a note. The brokerage has an overweight recommendation on the stock.
A Queens elementary school employee caught a creepy man filming them through a school window as they used a nurse's office bathroom, police sources said Wednesday.
The 43-year-old victim told cops the incident unfolded as they used the restroom in the basement of PS 174 William Sidney Mount Elementary School in Rego Park around 1:30 p.m. Tuesday, sources said.
The woman looked up at the window and saw a strange man holding a phone and peering in, appearing to film them or take photos of them as they were using the bathroom, they told police.
Students normally use the basement bathroom, the victim told investigators, sources said.
Police are investigating the incident. No arrests have been made.
“The safety and security of students and staff is our top priority,” said Department of Education spokesperson Miranda Barbot.
“The NYPD responded to and is investigating an incident that took place at [the school] last week. The school community has been notified and we're working with the school to address it.”
The J Show
Renee was being flirty when they were snuggly with their BF on the couch and sent them a text message. When they looked at their phone their number was NOT saved! It's only been a month, but they knew something was off when they cancelled v day plans. Bill has no shame and tells Renee, it was Leslie's turn in the rotation! When is a good time to save a number in your phone?
New York Times publisher Arthur “Pinch” Sulzberger Jr. says they fired Jill Abramson because they feared losing managing editor Dean Baquet, which could have led to a disaster in the...
Neil Barsky began their journalism career at the Daily News working for Steve Yahn on the business desk and said it was their most enjoyable time in journalism. After two...
Lambda Legal and OutServe-SLDN, LGBTQ military advocacy groups, are suing the Defense Department over what they say is its “outdated” and “unconstitutional” policies involving HIV-positive service members.
“For over 30 years, the military has placed broad restrictions on the service of people living with HIV," says the lawsuit, filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. "Military regulations prohibit the enlistment or commissioning of any individual living with HIV and place strict geographic limitations on the service of members who first test HIV positive while on active duty."
The Pentagon adopted a strict HIV policy in 1991, when AIDS was the No. 2 killer of men aged 25 to 44 in the U.S. The policy has been revised since, but not enough, according to Scott A. Schoettes, director of the HIV Project at Lambda Legal, which filed the suit on behalf of Nicholas Harrison, a sergeant in the District of Columbia Army National Guard who was denied an officer position.
“This is an instance of discrimination that has been longstanding, and it was finally time to make clear that we weren't going to stand for this type of discrimination by our own government,” Schoettes told NBC News.
The suit, citing a military directive, says it is Defense Department policy to “deny eligibility for military service to persons with laboratory evidence of HIV infection for appointment, enlistment, preappointment, or initial entry training for military service.”
While the Defense Department declined to comment on the lawsuit, a spokesperson said in an email to NBC News that active-duty service members with HIV are “evaluated and managed in the same manner as a service member with other chronic or progressive illnesses.” They also said the department's HIV policies "are evidence-based, medically accurate, and are reviewed regularly and updated."
The lawsuit also refers to a February Pentagon memorandum dubbed “Deploy or Get Out” by its critics. The memo states that “service members who have been non-deployable for more than 12 consecutive months, for any reason, will be processed for administrative separation.”
Schoettes said this policy will make it “next to impossible for people living with HIV to continue to serve.”
“The military considers by default everyone living with HIV non-deployable,” Schoettes explained, adding that the policy “could end up kicking out all of the people currently serving who are living with HIV.”
Sgt. Nicholas Harrison Salma Mohammed and Lambda Legal
Harrison, 41, joined the military when they were 23 and has served two tours of duty in the Middle East. They diagnosed with HIV in 2012, around the same time they passed the bar exam.
Harrison was confronted with the military's HIV policy a few years later, when they were denied an officer position in the Judge Advocate General Corps, the division of the military that handles legal matters.
“I have always wanted to be an officer since I've been in the military,” the Oklahoma native told NBC News. “One of the values that's been instilled in me is taking care of soldiers.”
Harrison said they were “very surprised” when they were not granted the opportunity to serve as a JAG officer and called the HIV policy “outdated,” saying it “doesn't take into consideration current medical research.”
“There really isn't any reason for someone who has this medical condition to be discriminated against in this society,” they added. “HIV isn't what it was when it was first discovered in the ‘80s. It's no longer a death sentence.”
Perry Halkitis, dean of the Rutgers University School of Public Health, agreed. They said the military's HIV policies are still “rooted in the stigma of the ‘80s.”
“Decisions are being made about HIV that have nothing to do with the current state of science,” Halkitis told NBC News.
Harrison's lawsuit, which lists the Defense Department, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Army Secretary Mark Esper as defendants, seeks to have the Pentagon lift restrictions placed on service members because of their HIV status and commission Harrison as a JAG officer for the D.C. National Guard.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
PITTSBURGH — A strong start helped the Toronto Maple Leafs knock off the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions.
Tyler Bozak scored two goals, and the Maple Leafs scored three times in the first period in a 4-3 victory over the Pittsburgh Penguins on Saturday night.
“Whenever you can get that kind of lead in this league, it's nice, and obviously against a team like (Pittsburgh), that can score a lot of goals, it's nice to have a little cushion,” Bozak said. “(Pittsburgh) has a great team over there, so it's nice to come in here and get a win on the road.”
Conner Brown and James van Riemsdyk scored in the first 1:42 of the game, and Bozak also scored in the first period. Mitch Marner had three assists for the Maple Leafs, who've won five of their last seven.
Frederik Andersen stopped 33 shots for their 50th win with the Maple Leafs. Andersen has won 11 of their last 15 starts.
Evgeni Malkin scored their ninth goal on the power play and Riley Sheahan tallied their third for Pittsburgh. Sidney Crosby scored their 13th with 2:48 to play, but the Penguins couldn't manage the equalizer. Crosby has at least one point in 10 of the last 12 games. Pittsburgh had won five of six before Saturday.
Tristan Jarry made 13 saves, but allowed three first-period goals before they were pulled for Casey DeSmith. DeSmith, making their second career appearance, stopped eight shots.
“We just weren't good enough, and it was the difference in the outcome,” Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said. “When you play good teams, you can't spot them a three-goal lead. I'm not sure I understand why, but that's something as a group we have to solve if we want to become the team we want to be.”
Brown got Toronto started early when they took a feed from Morgan Rielly in the slot and whipped a wrist shot behind Jarry.
Van Riemsdyk struck again 19 seconds later. Marner missed on a wrap-around attempt and van Riemsdyk flipped the rebound over a sprawled Jarry.
Bozak gave the Leafs a 3-0 lead later in the period. Marner put the initial shot on goal from the left boards and Bozak, from the top of the crease, took three whacks at the rebound before converting. It was Bozak's first goal in 13 games.
“It hasn't been going well just points-wise for our line,” Bozak said. “We've been getting chances, but it just hasn't been going in. It's nice to contribute and be part of a big win.”
Sheahan put Pittsburgh on the board late in the second period when they finished a two-on-one with Dominik Simon.
Malkin cut the deficit to one with a power-play goal, beating Andersen with a deflected wrist shot from the top of the right circle.
But Bozak answered 22 seconds later when they tipped Jake Gardiner's point shot past DeSmith.
“I just thought we were ready to go,” Maple Leafs coach Mike Babcock said. “It was a big start for us and then we rode that until the end. It was a big win for us on the road against a good team.”
NOTES: Penguins G Matt Murray participated in Saturday's morning skate for the first time since sustaining a lower-body injury on Nov. 27. Murray, who missed their fifth game, is considered day-to-day. … The Penguins have at least one power-play goal in eight of their last nine games, including seven straight at home. … Toronto D Ron Hainsey, a key component to Pittsburgh's Stanley Cup run last season, finished with one assist. … Simon made their season debut, filling in for Tom Kuhnhackl, who is out with an upper-body injury. … Pittsburgh recalled D Kevin Czuczman and re-assigned D Frank Corrado.
UP NEXT
Maple Leafs: Host Edmonton on Sunday.
Penguins: Finish a season-high five-game homestand Monday against Colorado.
——
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Image copyright Mari Buckley / Geograph Image caption Leaflets are being issued telling people what to do to deter the gulls
People visiting the seaside in Gwynedd are being told to guard their food to stop seagulls snatching their chips and ice cream.
Gwynedd Council is issuing leaflets telling people what to do to deter the gulls.
It comes after a school in Porthmadog had to employ the help of a falcon and a hawk to deter seagulls.
The council hopes to educate people on the measures that can be taken to prevent gulls from becoming a nuisance.
As part of the campaign leaflets are being distributed in coastal areas in order to convey the message to local residents and visitors to the area.
They include advice such as "don't drop rubbish or food scraps on the floor", "use bins with lids or take the food waste home" and "don't feed the gulls, and avoid giving them an opportunity to snatch food - be vigilant and keep food close to you".
The council is giving residents tougher gull-proof bin bags, while Caernarfon Town Council has employed a company which uses birds of prey to keep the gulls away from the town centre.
Deputy council leader Dafydd Meurig said: "In a county like Gwynedd where so many of our towns and villages are near the coast, gulls can be a real nuisance.
"I'm pleased that we're raising awareness about the simple measures that everybody can take to help keep the gulls away.
"The advice is simple - if you're eating outside, make sure you place your leftovers and your food waste securely in a bin."
Follow @insidefutbol
Paris Saint-Germain are looking at replacement targets for Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez who is getting closer agreeing to a move to a Premier League club, it has been claimed.
The Chilean winger's contract with Arsenal is set to expire at the end of next season and so far they have refused to agree to a new deal, indicating towards a transfer this summer.
Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain are interested in snapping up Sanchez from Arsenal in the summer, but it seems the French club are now looking at alternative options.
According to French outlet Buzz Sport, the Parisians are of the opinion that Sanchez is inching closer to continuing in England and is close to agreeing a move to a Premier League club.
The French champions are now gradually moving their focus from the Arsenal star and are working on identifying replacement targets.
Sanchez has talked about continuing in England for the foreseeable future but has so far failed to clarify whether they will turn up for Arsenal at the start of next season.
Manchester United have also been linked with a move for the 28-year-old, with some claiming that Jose Mourinho has personally called Sanchez to convince them to move to Old Trafford in the summer.
Image copyright Missouri Department of Corrections Image caption Bobby Bostic in 2017
The US Supreme Court has rejected the appeal of a man sentenced to 241 years in prison for a crime they committed when they were 16 years old.
Bobby Bostic committed several violent crimes in 1995, including armed robbery, but their lawyers argued their sentence was unconstitutional.
They cited the Eighth Amendment, which forbids "cruel and unusual punishments" and demanded a retrial, but in vain.
The justices did not give a reason for their decision.
The teenage Bostic had robbed people delivering Christmas presents at gunpoint, shot and injured a man, and stole a car.
Bostic's lawyers wrote in their petition that the unfair sentencing meant Bostic, "who committed only nonhomicide offenses as a 16 year old, will never be fit to rejoin society, no matter how successfully they demonstrate maturity and reform as an adult".
In 2010, the Supreme Court ruled that the Constitution "prohibits the imposition of a life without parole sentence on a juvenile offender who did not commit homicide."
Bostic was sentenced in 1997, at the age of 18, and the judge who sentenced them has since said: "This is the only one where I regret the amount of time I gave."
Evelyn Baker was a judge for 25 years, retiring 10 years ago. The Bostic sentence was the longest they ever gave.
"This is the only one where I regret the amount of time I gave," they told the BBC earlier this year. "The amount of time is ridiculous."
The Supreme Court's rejection means Bostic will not be eligible for parole until they are 112.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened?
0:41 What's next for Eastland Mall
Aaron Boone won't let front office control their lineup card TAMPA — Aaron Boone will talk to the people above them and absorb the information from those in the front office. Then they will make out the Yankees' lineup card....
Greg Bird is starting to quiet some whispering scouts TAMPA — As the games that don't count moved toward the ones that do, the buzz from the scouts who follow the Yankees was interesting. “It doesn't look like he...
Aaron Boone names the Yankees' Opening Day starter LAKELAND, Fla. — Severino Time arrives March 29 in Toronto. Aaron Boone on Saturday announced the 24-year-old right-hander is the Yankees' Opening Day starter against the Blue Jays at Rogers...
Giancarlo Stanton-Aaron Judge left field situation gains clarity LAKELAND, Fla. — Since Giancarlo Stanton has played left field in exhibition games and Aaron Judge has five innings of a minor league game at the position (on Saturday), it...
Gary Sanchez has 'shattered' what Aaron Boone heard about them TAMPA — There's never been a question about Gary Sanchez's offense. So when they appeared to be in midseason form Thursday, belting a homer to the opposite field in the...
Yankees' rising prospect only gets better as their competition arrives TAMPA — Neil Walker is set to make their Yankees debut on Friday night against the Astros, with the plan to play the newly signed veteran at first base —...
Giancarlo Stanton peeved after getting plunked TAMPA — Giancarlo Stanton looked upset when hit was hit by a Brett McKinney pitch just after McKinney entered the game in the bottom of the third in Thursday's 9-5...
What CC Sabathia's transformation looks like from the other side TAMPA — Ron Gardenhire is in their first year as manager of the Tigers, but they spent 13 seasons at the helm in Minnesota, and he's had a front-row seat...
This is exactly why Yankees brought star prospect to 1st MLB camp TAMPA — This, late Tuesday afternoon at George M. Steinbrenner Field, represented why Estevan Florial belongs in the Yankees' major league camp. This, when the 20-year-old committed what could have...
RIYADH: The King Salman Humanitarian Aid and Relief Center (KSrelief) launched a fresh campaign on Monday to deliver humanitarian aid in Yemen, saying that the center provided relief without discrimination to areas under legitimate rule and those controlled by the Houthis.“The center has continued to deliver comprehensive humanitarian aid in Yemen, as well as providing fuel to hospitals and water plants across the country within its efforts to deliver humanitarian assistance to all Yemeni people,” said Nasser Al-Nafe, a center spokesperson.He told Arab News that KSrelief had distributed 42,000 food baskets and 21,000 ready-to-eat meals in the northern province of Hajjah, currently under the control of the Houthi militias, as a part of Yemen Comprehensive Humanitarian Operations (YCHO).He added, however, that in certain areas controlled by the Houthi militants the center was delivering humanitarian aid without its banner as “our aim is to ensure relief supply to those in need without interruption and without discrimination.”Despite harassment, serious violations of international norms and arrests by the militias that control the area of the field team distributing food and other aid, it had been able to reach all the distressed areas, they said.He said that during the six months of distribution, the number of beneficiaries reached 252,402, including 137,318 children and 56,205 women.While providing humanitarian assistance, the center aims to maintain several projects including addressing malnutrition in children and pregnant and lactating mothers, as well as a water supply project.Meanwhile, the center on Sunday launched a new campaign to distribute food aid in the liberated districts of Al-Khokha and Al-Hayes in the southern province of Hodeidah. This relief campaign aims to deliver 22,000 food baskets to the target groups in the two districts, with 11,000 food baskets per district.Saudi Arabia signed an agreement last Thursday to deposit $2 billion in Yemen's Central Bank under the directives of King Salman to save the Yemeni economy and currency from collapse.The agreement was signed by Finance Minister Mohammed Al-Jadaan and Yemeni Central Bank's Governor Mohammed bin Mansour Zammam in the Saudi capital.Earlier, King Salman issued a directive in January to transfer $2 billion to the Central Bank of Yemen.The deposit of the new Saudi grant has helped to curb the continued deterioration of the Yemeni currency, which recovered part of its lost value against other foreign currencies, with the banking sector predicting that the deposit would stabilize the Yemeni market.
Related Articles 10 Super Bowl cocktails kick off the party
Ultimate Super Bowl Party
Recipe: Super Sports Sunday Slow-Cooked Chili
Patriots' Tailgate Recipe: Savory Sausage and Pepper Sliders
Philadelphia Eagles Tailgate Recipe: South Philly Hoagies Hosting a Super Bowl party this year? Think beyond the chips and dip with some sensational (and easy) food ideas from San Francisco chef and two-time “Chopped” champion Kathy Fang.
Fang's namesake restaurant in San Francisco's SoMA district is all about seasonal, regional Chinese cuisine, made with ingredients sourced from Chinatown and other local purveyors. But for Super Bowl Sunday parties at home, the menu they go for is pure American comfort fare. Here's what she's making for their football-watching party.
Southern Buttermilk Fried Chicken
Crispy and golden, these fried chicken tenders get a potent pop of flavor from an overnight soak in a madly spiced buttermilk marinade full of oregano, garlic powder, cayenne and paprika. A triple coating of flour, buttermilk and panko bread crumbs and a few minutes in the deep-fryer yield crunchy, tender results. Here's the recipe.
Super Niner Mac and Cheese
This may well be the cheesiest mac and cheese recipe in the history of the world. The “Niner” in the title refers to nine different kinds of cheese — three pounds of it. There's cheese in it, on it and around it. And also strewn across its crispy, crumbly golden topping. We hazarded a guess on how many people the mac-and-cheese recipe serves based on the size of the pan (9-by-13 inches), but given the degree of gooey decadence, you might want to cut small squares. Or cast caution (and New Year's resolutions) to the wind and go super size.
No-Bake Blueberry Cheesecake
No one ever claimed Super Bowl Sunday was a low-cal day, but this blueberry-glazed riff on the cheesecake theme uses goat cheese, which is higher in protein, lower in calories and generally better for you than cream cheese. Of course, it also uses a little cream cheese and there's the matter of the whipped cream and … Check out the recipe here.
For more food and drink coverage
follow us on Flipboard.
Laura Dern spotted smooching Baron Davis Reports say the 50-year-old “Big Little Lies” star is hooking up with the 38-year-old All-Star point guard.
Pulse of the NBA player? Derek Fisher 'not my type of guy' Former NBA forward Stephen Jackson weighed in on the feud between Derek Fisher and Matt Barnes, and they are decidedly not on Fisher's side. “First, I don't talk to Derek Fisher,” Jackson...
How I predicted Saraki's tribunal victory — Governor Fayose
The governor says the Nigerian government will also fail in the ongoing trial of Sambo Dasuki.
The post How I predicted Saraki's tribunal victory — Governor Fayose appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Evangelicals are the only religious group in the United States that has not developed a better reputation over the past few years. And Americans have become less likely to know an evangelical—more so than any other faith tradition.
While feelings toward evangelicals have remained stable (even among Democrats), Americans gave warmer responses to every other faith group this year than they did in 2014, according to Pew Research Center findings released today.
Jews, Catholics, Buddhists, Hindus, and Mormons all improved their standings, with the two lowest-rated affiliations—atheists and Muslims—seeing some of the largest gains.
Pew's “feeling thermometer” survey of more than 4,200 adults found that even without any increase, evangelicalism remains one of the most-liked faith tradition in the country—behind Jews, Catholics, and mainline Protestants. However, the movement's popularity is largely due to positive ratings from evangelicals themselves.
Overall, 44 percent of Americans feel positively about evangelicals, while 38 percent feel neutral and 18 percent feel negatively. The ratings fall when responses from fellow evangelicals, who made up more than 1 in 4 of respondents, are removed: Just under a third of non-evangelicals (32%) have warm feelings towards the group.
Part of the reason for evangelicals' middling ratings is lack of exposure. The proportion of Americans who say they know an evangelical dropped by 9 percentage points from 2014 to 2017, down to 61 percent today. (A 2013 study hinted at the lack of exposure: 1 in 5 non-evangelicals in North America said they did not personally know an evangelical.) Meanwhile, knowing an evangelical increases their rating by 12 degrees on Pew's feeling thermometer.
Though a majority of Americans still know at least one evangelical, the group experienced the most significant decline in familiarity. Among non-evangelicals, millennials (45%) and African Americans (33%) were least likely to know someone who identifies as evangelical.
One factor behind the drop-off may be a growing reluctance to use the label over the baggage it carries, especially for those outside the church. A CT Pastors survey conducted late last year found that pastors were more likely to call themselves evangelical around other Christians (70%) than non-Christians (52%). “I still employ the term evangelical within academic circles, but I avoid the term elsewhere,” one Evangelical Free Church pastor admitted.
Following the election, Calvin College political science professor Kevin den Dulk speculated that due to the association between Republicans, Trump, and evangelicals, evangelicals who supported Hillary Clinton may have become less likely to self-identify that way following the election. At various points in the campaign and election, Christian leaders challenged the usefulness of the label (and defended it).
When broken down by political party, both Republicans' and Democrats' ratings for evangelicals were unchanged, Pew reported. However, evangelicals were the highest-rated religious group among Republicans, but the second-lowest among Democrats, who now like atheists and Muslims more than evangelicals (Mormons came in last).
The only groups to rate evangelicals positively were white evangelicals, Protestants overall, and black Protestants; both of the latter categories include a significant proportion of self-identified evangelicals. By comparison, the majority of Americans from most religious affiliations rated Jews positively. (Pew counted a positive rating as the warmest third (67 degrees or higher) of the feeling thermometer.)
Evangelicals received the most critical ratings from atheists, and vice versa. They are the only two traditions to have “chilly” feelings toward one another. (Pew counted a negative rating as 33 degrees or lower on the feeling thermometer). However, Pew noted that evangelicals have “warmed up slightly” to atheists, rating them at 33 degrees in 2017 versus 25 degrees in 2014.
Evangelicals earned the most favorable ratings from Americans ages 50­–64 and 65 and over. The older groups also gave the worst ratings to atheists and Muslims. Meanwhile, millennials now feel equally toward atheists and Muslims as toward evangelicals (with Mormons trailing behind).
Previous ratings have prompted a range of responses; some may look at the same report and champion evangelicals' popularity while others lament society's negative views, as sociologist Brad Wright wrote for CT in 2011. Their conclusion:
"If they think it's a reality show, why am I wearing a red wig and calling myself Valerie Cherish?"
Alyssa Milano, Kerry Washington and Mark Ruffalo are just a few of the celebrities who have endorsed Jones.
HELSINKI — A fawn that became stranded on a patch of ice in Finland's Inkoo archipelago has gotten a hand from members of the Finnish coast guard.
They spotted the unsteady animal from their hovercraft during a regular patrol on Saturday.
Senior Coast Guard officer Sebastian von Bruun filmed colleague Kristian Rasted pulling the “helpless white-tailed deer on the slippery ice” back to shore. Rasted gave a thumbs-up after the fawn rushed into the woods.
Von Brunn said: “The mother deer was very happy and grateful to get their baby back.”
The Coast Guard said while animal rescue missions are not part of its personnel's normal duties, they do occur from time to time.
The Finnish Border Guard, of which the coast guard is past, posted the rescue video on social media.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO — A registered sex offender was arrested early Sunday on suspicion of exposing themselves to two women, according to the South San Francisco Police Department.
Police responded around 7:10 a.m. to reports of a man exposing themselves in the 300 block of South Maple Avenue. The man was identified by authorities as 55-year-old Shamsher Rai of San Bruno.
Police found Rai hiding near a closed business, where they were identified as a registered sex offender currently on parole. They were arrested on suspicion of indecent exposure and violation of parole and booked into San Mateo County jail, police said.
COLUMBIA, Mo. - Columbia police arrested Antony Dennis after officers were dispatched to Campus Bar and Grill in the 300 block of Ninth Street for reports of a physical disturbance.
Police said Dennis was told to leave the business several times by staff, but they refused by pushing back at a staff member. Security was eventually able to get them out of the restaurant; however, Dennis continued to try and get back inside.
Officers said when they arrived on scene, Dennis was laying in a parked car outside of the business. They refused to get out of the vehicle and was uncooperative and combative with police.
Police said at one point during the struggle, Dennis spit on an officer's face.
Dennis faces possible charges of assault, resisting arrest and trespassing.
What to Know If NY legalizes recreational marijuana it must also consider expunging criminal records of people who were arrested for using, lawmaker says
The proposal comes as a state task force created by Gov. Cuomo prepares to release a long-anticipated report on legalization
Nearly 23,000 people were arrested for marijuana possession in New York state in 2016
If New York legalizes recreational marijuana it must also consider expunging the criminal records of thousands of people who were arrested for using the drug, New York state Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie told reporters Wednesday.
The proposal comes as a state task force created by Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo prepares to release a long-anticipated report on legalization. Bills that would regulate and tax recreational marijuana have languished for years in Albany, but are now getting fresh attention as more and more states move toward legalizing the nation's most popular illicit drug.
"The public's opinion is evolving on marijuana; we have to look at it from a criminal justice aspect as well," said Heastie, a Bronx Democrat. "You have a lot of people who have arrest records, criminal records because of marijuana use. ... If we're going to get to the point that it's going to be legal, why should people still have trouble getting jobs and have a record for something that is legal?"
Nearly 23,000 people were arrested for marijuana possession in New York state in 2016. Studies routinely show that blacks and Latinos are arrested far more often than whites, even though rates of marijuana use are about the same across different groups. Convictions and arrests for marijuana possession can hurt an individual's ability to get a job, find housing, apply for a professional license or enter the military. Convictions also can lead to losing custody of a child, or deportation for people living in the country illegally.
Pairing legalization with legislation to expunge or vacate decades of criminal convictions could complicate the legislative debate. But Kassandra Frederique, New York state director for the Drug Policy Alliance, said it essential that lawmakers consider ways to repair the damage from decades of marijuana prohibition.
"Anything that just focuses on marijuana legalization solely — just on the taxing and regulating — is inadequate and irresponsible," they said. "Maybe it's just easier to tax and regulate, but that's absolutely not acceptable."
Lawmakers plan to adjourn for the year June 20, giving them little time to work out the many details of a marijuana legalization bill this year. Heastie acknowledged as much, but noted that in Albany, complicated deals can sometimes come together quickly.
"It's a short time but it's also an eternity," they said.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
Warriors guard Stephen Curry is getting into the entertainment business.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Curry has finalized a deal with Sony Pictures Entertainment in a multiyear pact with Curry's newly minted production company Unanimous Media.
“I've been blessed to have this platform and I want to use it to affect the world positively,” Curry said in a statement to the publication. “Partnering with Sony to share inspiring content with a global audience was a foregone conclusion.”
According to the story, Curry's content will focus on family-friendly storylines, in addition to sports-themed topics. Their deal will also open the door in the gaming and virtual reality worlds.
Curry is the latest basketball player to secure a deal with a prominent studio. In the winter of 2015, Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James announced a $15.8 million partnership with Warner Bros. to create “Uninterrupted,” an athlete-driven content platform designed to give a direct-to-consumer avenue from professional athletes to fans.
In 2016, now-retired Los Angeles Lakers guard Kobe Bryant signed with ESPN to direct, write and create a “Canvas” series. Last month, their digital short, “Dear Basketball,” won an Academy Award for Best Animated Short.
From a young age, most of us are bombarded with Miss Othmar-styled messages cautioning us away from the Bad Things: drugs (D.A.R.E.), sex (run-of-the-mill sex education), the streets (G.R.E.A.T.). It seemed like sensible advice, but it was overly simplistic. Catchphrases can't prepare anyone for the reality of how and why those pathways begin to seem like viable options; topics like generational trauma and poverty weren't part of the lesson plans. J. Cole's fifth album KOD—Kids On Drugs, King Overdosed or Kill Our Demons, choose wisely—seeks to be a corrective.
Over the course of 42 minutes, Cole takes aim at the many ways a person can spiral. The habits laid out bear a loose resemblance to the capital vices—pride, greed, gluttony, sloth, lust, envy, and wrath. The seven deadly sins, as they're called, are often linked to recovery; after all, it's these qualities or a combination thereof that drive people to their most hollow places. But Cole also rails against drug use explicitly, painting pictures of humans where others have only found statistics. The result is an album that humanely surveys addiction, without exactly offering up any fixes.
A song like the heartbreaking “Once An Addict” interlude adds a face to the stories of children abandoned—emotionally and/or physically—by parents suffering from addiction. Over somber production, Cole depicts the helplessness of watching their mom succumb to alcoholism and the regret of being unable to save her: “Little did I know how deep their sadness would go / Looking back, I wish I would've did more instead of runnin',” they conclude at the end of their verse. “FRIENDS,” which immediately follows, offers bits of nuance about what can compel people to use in the first place from depression and broken families to lack of opportunity—even if their solution to “meditate, don't medicate” is naïve at best.
Several of the songs on KOD are pitch-shifted in a way that often makes Cole's voice barely recognizable. Like spiking the candy bowl with medicine, they adapt the stylistic tics—triplets and trap drums, mostly—of so-called mumble and Soundcloud rappers, many of whom revel in the vices he's denouncing. “ATM” and its Hype Williams-styled video is perhaps the best example. Complete with a hyper-repetitive chorus, they satirize capitalistic greed with the bluster of a club banger. (Surely, there will be someone who makes it rain in the real KOD with Cole chanting “count it up” in the background.) “Motiv8″ with its rumbling West Coast bass and “Get Money” sample works to similar effect.
Elsewhere, the well-timed “Photograph” renders lust as it plays out on social media when the object of affection is a complete stranger, while “Kevin's Heart” likens chemical highs to infidelity. “All a nigga know is how to fuck a good thing up,” they confess on the latter track, with the title, of course, being play on comedian Kevin Hart's highly publicized flings. Wrath shows up in “The Cut Off” and once more on closer “1985 (Intro to ‘The Fall Off'),” which positions Cole as rap OG, doling out advice to the younger generation. They don't name names, but they cast their net wide (though that didn't stop hit dogs from hollering). The song makes for good gossip fodder, but it leaves a sort of bittersweet taste in your mouth—pretentious and scathing, but not void of valid points.
KOD stumbles in its failure to offer any plausible alternatives to the behaviors it critiques, and maybe that's because there aren't any—at least not ones that would fit within the space of an album. There are hints and suggestions, like the redirecting of tax dollars on “Bracket” or police reform on “FRIENDS,” but those moments are insufficient and fleeting. Still, it's a commendable effort, with Cole putting themselves in a creative territory to respond to critics, peers and progeny. Their messages are timely despite the fact that they continue, rather than conclude, a larger conversation. With issues that run much deeper than mumble raps and sobriety, KOD is a stark reminder that some of life's most destructive elements don't always come with a warning label.
Special Events
Historical Society Annual Meeting: Winemaker Bud Fellom presents “Five Generations of Fellom Winemakers” at the Cupertino Historical Society and Museum's annual Meeting and Speaker Program. May 16, 5:30 p.m. Quinlan Community Center, Cupertino Room, 10185 N. Stelling Road, Cupertino. RSVP to ragini@cupertinohistoricalsociety.org or 408-973-1495.
Silicon Valley Open Studios: Artists in Silicon Valley welcome guests to their studios to view and discuss their work. Studios in Sunnyvale will be open May 12-13; studios in Cupertino will be open May 19-20; hours are 11 a.m.-5 p.m. both weekends. svos.org.
Sheriff Candidates Forum: The Leagues of Women Voters of Santa Clara County will sponsor a forum for candidates in the June 5 race for Santa Clara County Sheriff, followed by a one-hour review of June ballot measures. May 16, 7-9 p.m. Cupertino Community Hall, 10350 Torre Ave., Cupertino.
Wild Game Feed: The Cupertino Host Lions Club holds its annual Chicken, Corn and Sausage Feed. Aug. 18, 2-6 p.m. Blackberry Farm, 21979 San Fernando Ave., Cupertino. $10-$30. For tickets, call Howard Jensen at 408-209-7251 or visit chickenandcornfeed.org.
Sunnyvale Farmers Market: Enjoy fresh fruits, vegetables and arts and crafts from local growers and artisans. Saturdays, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Murphy and Washington avenues, Sunnyvale. Urbanvillageonline.com/markets/Sunnyvale.
Seniors
Sunnyvale Senior Center: The center offers a variety of services and activities, billiards room, fitness center, table games, trips, classes and lunches every weekday. 550 E. Remington Drive, Sunnyvale. 408-730-7360, Sunnyvale.ca.gov.
Senior Nutrition Program: Hot meals served along with camaraderie. Must be age 60 or older and a resident of Santa Clara County. Monday-Friday, live dance music at 9:30 a.m., lunch at 11 a.m. First United Methodist Church, 535 Old San Francisco Road, Sunnyvale. Sunnyvaleumc.org/mission/seniornutrition.html.
Family/Youth
KCI Summer Camp: Silicon Valley middle and high school students age 11-16 can explore the latest technologies in virtual reality, 3D printing, video production and more in KCI's new makerspace, led by instructors with professional engineering and teaching expertise. July 3-Aug. 3, 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Krause Center for Innovation, Foothill College, 12345 El Monte Road, Los Altos Hills. $699 per session; $50 early bird discount before May 1. bit.ly/kcisummercamp.
Theater/Arts
Sunnyvale Singers: The choir performs its spring concert, “Love Notes.” May 20, 7 p.m. Sunnyvale Community Theater, 550 E. Remington Drive, Sunnyvale. $15-$20.
California Youth Symphony: The youth orchestra performs Aaron Copland's “Billy the Kid,” Dvorak's “Carnival Overture” and Nathaniel Stookey's “The Composer is Dead,” which introduces all of the instruments of the orchestra. May 13, 2:30 p.m. Flint Center, De Anza College, Cupertino. $10-$30. cys.org.
“Pippin” presented by the Los Altos Stage Company. The Tony-winning musical runs May 24-June 28. Bus Barn Theater, 97 Hillview Ave., Los Altos. $20-$30. losaltosstage.org, 650-941-0551.
Schola Cantorum: The choir presents “Celebrating American Folk Songs.” May 19 at 7:30 p.m., First Congregational Church, 1985 Louis Road, Palo Alto; May 20, 3 p.m., Los Altos United Methodist Church, 655 Magdalena Ave., Los Altos. $28. ScholaCantorum.org.
Smuin Dance Series 02: The program features the world premiere of Val Caniparoli's “If I Were a Sushi Roll.” May 24-27. Center for the Performing Arts, 500 Castro St., Mountain View. $56-$72. Smuinballet.org, 650-903-6000.
Hats off to Spring: This exhibit features more than 200 hats and hatboxes from one woman's collection, spanning from the 1880s through the upcoming royal wedding. Through May 31; museum hours Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday, noon-4 p.m. Heritage Park Museum, 570 E. Remington Drive, Sunnyvale. 408-749-0220.
Knotty Lace: Special occasion linens that date back to the 1800s are on display in this exhibit that includes a wide variety of patterns and styles. These special items were adorned with beautiful lace, ribbons, embroidery and other features. Through June 23, Tuesday-Saturday, 11 a.m.-4 p.m. The Lace Museum, 552 S. Murphy Ave., Sunnyvale. 408-730-4695.
Santa Clara Chorale: The chorale, along with the Santa Clara University Choirs, and the San Jose Chamber Orchestra, performs Bach's “St. John Passion,” featuring Grammy winner Dann Coakwell as the Evangelist, along with soprano Jennifer Paulino, counter-tenor Dan Cromeenes and bass Patrick Walders. May 12, 7:30 p.m. Mission Santa Clara, 500 El Camino Real, Santa Clara. $5-$30.scc.org/concerts.html.
California Pops Orchestra: The all-request pops orchestra concludes its season with American Jubilee, featuring works by George and Ira Gershwin, Cole Porter, John Phillip Sousa, Glenn Miller, Aaron Copland and Leroy Anderson. May 20, 3 p.m. Flint Center, De Anza College, 21250 Stevens Creek Blvd., Cupertino. ticketmaster.com, 650-856-8432.
Fine Arts League of Cupertino: The group meets the second Monday of the month, 7-9 p.m., and welcomes visitors. Quinlan Community Center, 10185 N. Stelling Road, Cupertino. Visit falc.org or call Janki at 408-863-9991.
Lectures/Learning/Meetings
Cupertino Morningmasters: Improve your speaking and networking skills at this Toastmasters club. Thursdays, 7:30 a.m. Bethel Lutheran Church, 10181 Finch Ave., Cupertino.
Sunnyvale Rotary: Meetings are Tuesdays at noon. Elks Club, 375 N. Pastoria. Sunnyvalerotary.org.
Sunnyvale Squares: Singles, couples and former dancers ages 18 and up can learn modern Western square dancing. No partner is needed. Tuesdays, 7-9 p.m. Murphy Park, 250 N. Sunnyvale Ave., Sunnyvale. $25 per month/$7 per session. Sunnyvalesquares.com. 408-744-1021.
Dementia/Alzheimer's Support Group: A safe, confidential, supportive environment for families to develop informal mutual support, get information about dementia and develop methods and skills to solve problems related to dementia. Fourth Tuesday of the month. Sunnyvale Presbyterian Church gym, 728 Fremont Ave., room 750, Sunnyvale. For more information, call the Alzheimer's Association at 800-272-3900.
Eating Disorders and Body Image Support Groups: The Eating Disorders Resource Center offers free support groups to create a safe space for those struggling with eating disorders and body image dissatisfaction. The groups are unstructured and open to all ages, genders and types of eating issues. First and third Tuesdays of the month, 7-8:30 p.m. El Camino Hospital, 2500 Grant Road, Mountain View.
Open Gardens: Charles Street Gardens opens its gates to the public. Tuesdays, 11 a.m.-1 p.m. 433 Charles St., Sunnyvale. Charlesstreetgardens.org.
Military Officers Association of America: The Silicon Valley chapter holds a luncheon meeting on the third Thursday of the month. Siliconvalleymoaa.org, 408-245-2217.
Submit a listing by emailing information about your event to cal@community-newspapers.com. Deadline is noon Fridays for the following week.
The Affordable Care Act, the same law that President Donald Trump and the Republican majority Congress are intent on replacing, has helped California reduce its uninsured rate to a record low of 7.1 percent.
That's almost 10 percentage points less than in 2013, when 17 percent of Californians were uninsured and just before the health care law took full effect, according to a new survey released Tuesday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The CDC survey, which covered the period of January to September 2016, also showed a dramatic improvement nationwide, with just 8.8 percent of the country being uninsured, down from 14.4 percent in 2013.
The 2010 health care law, better known as Obamacare, helped the Golden State establish Covered California, one of 12 state-based health insurance exchanges.
The law also includes a provision that expanded Medicaid — the federal and state funded health care program for the poor — to adults without dependent children.
At least 1.2 million Californians today are enrolled in private health care plans through the exchange, and at least 3.8 million adults have signed up for Medi-Cal, the state's version of Medicaid.
An urgent alarm has been sounded on open-door helicopter flights after the FAA put them on hold until they could review their rules. The hold follows the fatal helicopter crash in New York last week. The I-Team's Pei-Sze Cheng reports. (Published 44 minutes ago)
An urgent alarm has been sounded on open-door helicopter flights after the FAA put them on hold until they could review their rules. See More
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
Come join Sierra Madre at the Tennessee Nubist Colony Event! It's a free ~ family friendly weekend full of Tennesee Mountain beauty and Fall Creek Falls, the highest free-fall waterfall east of the Mississippi River! There will be prizes, food, games, hiking, kayaking, classes,, and more!!
We have reserved camp sites already, and if you don't have gear, no problem, you can borrow ours - we'll even set it up for you! All you have to do is register your coming, and show up with an appetite for adventure!
CLICK TO SIGN UP!
https://sierramadreresearch.com/pages/tennessee-2018
Why call it Nubist Colony? Well when we first launched our Nubé Hammock Shelter we had a customer coin the term Nubist / Nubist Colony, I guess you could say it stuck! A Nubist is someone who yearns for new adventures, seeing the world, and bringing people along with them on the journey! Check out our Nubist Colony Facebook Page here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/Nubist/
The group has flourished with people sharing their adventures, and we got to thinking - what if we all got together and actually went on an adventure together! Bam, Nubist Colony events were born! So bring your kids and come share life with us!
Vogue has the story behind Kate Upton and Justin Verlander's Italian wedding with some incredible photos
But that's not all: Upton revealed some of the details that made their nuptials so special:
“It was really important to Justin and me that it feel like we were on vacation with our closest friends and family,” Kate explains. “We set up an entire afternoon dedicated to interactive games, which we called the Uplander Olympics. Each guest received game-day rules, and everyone was divided into teams with custom Under Armour jerseys. The games included a ping-pong tournament, cornhole, a football toss, relay races, and an epic water balloon fight!”
That sounds incredibly fun (and it included Under Armour jerseys!!). They also mentioned their first dance song (Everything by Michael Buble), a fireworks display and karaoke for the after-party. You can read the full story here.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption UK shoppers spent £8.6bn on online groceries last year
Spurred on by competition from Amazon, more and more of the big supermarkets are promising they can deliver our shopping the same day that we order it. But does it work?
The idea is simple and enticing: order before lunchtime and your supermarket shop will arrive at your door in time for dinner.
Perfect if your fridge is empty and you don't fancy traipsing around a supermarket on your way home from work.
But it's a step up from what UK supermarkets have been offering before now, with much tighter turnarounds during some of the busiest hours of the day.
So I decided to put the big three providers to the test. I load up the Tesco, Sainsbury's and Amazon Fresh websites and get the online baskets ready.
In go some salmon fillets - perfect for a winter health kick - plus some potatoes. Then there are a handful of household items, like kitchen towel and shower gel.
'Time wars'
But then comes the first hurdle: Am I in an area where they deliver?
It turns out the answer, for lots of people, is yes.
Tesco says it's the first supermarket to offer same-day delivery across the whole country, using its vast store network to cover 99% of the UK.
Not wanting to be left behind, Sainsbury's now offers same-day delivery from 100 stores - covering 40% of the country, up from 11% a year ago.
Image copyright PA Image caption My salmon fillets didn't look like this - but were still tasty
However, Amazon's grocery service is still currently focused on Greater London and parts of the south east.
Nevertheless, it's thanks to the American in-comer that all this is happening at all.
For a company with a tiny share of the UK grocery market, Amazon more than punches above its weight, says Natalie Berg of Planet Retail.
Thanks to their disruptive influence just in one corner of England, they're changing the turf for supermarket competition.
"Time wars really are the new price wars," says Ms Berg.
Even smaller operators are getting in on the game. The Co-op tied-up this month with takeaway delivery app Deliveroo in Manchester, Guinness owner Diageo has partnered with Uber Eats, and Marks and Spencer ran a trial late last year in North London and Reading.
Tesco and Sainsbury's both have apps promising almost instant delivery - within one hour - called Tesco Now and Sainsbury's Chop Chop - but these are only available in London.
'Patchy' service
So, assuming you're covered, it's then through to the next hurdle: Are there any delivery slots left that day?
This is where it gets tricky. Amazon has plenty of slots when I do my test, but Tesco.com and Sainsbury's.co.uk have none left by 10:30am.
Looking for a work-around, I try two alternative addresses - my work and a friend's house - but with no luck.
The service is still "patchy" because of the costs and complexities of delivering orders so quickly, says Ms Berg.
"The supermarkets have made huge strides in the past year, but for many same-day delivery is still very much in beta [testing] phase," they say.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sainsbury's is keen to compete on delivery speed
Shoppers generally expect their online orders to come within two days, but that's starting to shift as more retailers offer same-day deliveries, says Andy Mulcahy, strategy and insight director at the online retailers' trade group IMRG.
The growing popularity, which may have been a factor in my case, also means slots get snapped up very quickly, they say. And retailers are wary of having more slots than they can cater for.
"The certainty of receiving the delivery always trumps everything else," Mr Mulchay says. Pledging to deliver your dinner and then failing to turn up would be worse than never promising it in the first place.
Worth the cost?
The other thing that could give shoppers pause for thought are the delivery charges. The cost of driving your shopping over so quickly - sometimes with only a few items - is passed on partly to customers.
I end up booking with Amazon Fresh, but my £12 order has a delivery charge of £6.99. Plus you need to be a member of Amazon Prime - which costs £79 a year - before you can sign up for Amazon Fresh, which has its own membership fee of £6.99 a month.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Amazon Fresh launched in its home city of Seattle in 2007
Tesco also adds to the bill - £7.99 for Tesco Now, for example - while Sainsbury's has a minimum spend of £25 for same-day deliveries and charges up to £9 for orders under £40.
The costs and complexities help to explain why Morrisons, Asda, Co-op, M&S, and the big German discounters, Aldi and Lidl, are yet to fully embrace same-day delivery. Ocado offers same-day slots, but only when its delivery vans are in the area already and have time.
"The only people who are realistically able to do it are those with their own fleets and lots of stores across the country," says Mr Mulcahy.
The average online grocery order is about £80, but it costs the retailer £5 to pick the items and about £8 to deliver, according to consultants at McKinsey.
That's not to mention retailers' other costs. The pressure on the big supermarkets was seen again in reports that Tesco and Sainsbury's are cutting hundreds of jobs in middle management as part of cost-saving drives.
Environmental costs
Back to my salmon shop. It arrives that night - about 40 minutes early - with everything included; and the salmon looking, smelling and tasting fresh.
But to keep things protected, the salmon, which is already in a plastic container, is also wrapped in a plastic bag. The six items I ordered are split across three big paper bags.
My order had been quite specific in that it had items for the freezer, fridge and cupboard, which retailers need to keep separate and wrapped up to meet food safety standards.
As same-day shopping becomes more of a norm, there is potentially a trade-off between convenience and the environment, says Mr Mulcahy.
"Packaging, pollution, congestion - it all needs to be sorted out somehow. Consumer expectations are building and something's got to give," they say.
UK shoppers spent £8.6bn on online groceries last year, up from £8.1bn the year before, according to Kantar Worldpanel - and retailers are convinced it will only get bigger.
But what's less clear is if the costs of same-day deliveries will end up eating further into supermarkets' profits along with our disposable incomes. Not to mention the cost to the world around us.
Image copyright Hampshire Constabulary Image caption Willy Gillham left their victim bleeding for several days
A children's home worker has been jailed for 15 years for repeatedly raping an 11-year-old boy in their care.
Willy Gillham, 64, attacked the boy at the former Palmerston House home in Romsey, Hampshire, in the 1980s.
The victim, who was left "bleeding, devastated and terrified", felt unable to report the abuse for more than 30 years, Southampton Crown Court heard.
Gillham, of Deux-Sevres, France, had denied three counts of buggery and one of indecent assault.
The NSPCC children's charity said their victim had been "betrayed in the worst way".
Image copyright Malcolm Heathcote Image caption The boy was attacked at the former Palmerston House children's home, the court heard
Previously, a jury heard how Gillham went to the room of the boy, who had been sent there for misbehaving.
Rebecca Austin, prosecuting, said the defendant "grabbed hold of him, threw them on the bed, twisted their arm behind their back and used their weight to keep them down" before raping the boy.
Gillham then threatened to send the boy to a secure unit at the other end of the country if they reported the attack, Ms Austin said.
After bleeding for several days, the boy fled to the home of a social worker, only to be returned to the children's home by the police.
'Admiration for victim'
They were raped by Gillham on two further occasions, the court heard.
After more than 30 years of "fright and embarrassment", they told their mother and then the police what had happened.
Gillham was convicted by a jury following a four-day trial.
Det Insp Toby Elcock said: "I have great admiration for the victim who helped bring this man to justice.
"To come forward and speak to police more than 30 years after being subjected to such a horrific level of offending takes remarkable bravery and courage."
The children's home in Botley Road had already been demolished before the police inquiry began.
By JOHN WAWROWAP Sports Writer
PITTSFORD, N.Y. (AP) - Buffalo Bills newly acquired receiver Jordan Matthews has a chip fracture in their sternum and is listed as week to week.
The team provided the update Monday, a day after Matthews hurt their upper chest in their first practice since joining the team in a trade with the Philadelphia Eagles. Matthews finished practice before being escorted off the field to be evaluated.
General manager Brandon Beane told The Associated Press the team was "still figuring it out" regarding the injury and recovery time.
The Bills are counting on Matthews to fill Sammy Watkins' spot after they were dealt to the Los Angeles Rams for cornerback E.J. Gaines and a second-round draft pick in a separate trade on Friday. Buffalo gave up starting cornerback Ronald Darby to acquire Matthews and a third-round draft pick from Philadelphia.
It's unclear when Matthews was hurt, though they did fall hard along the sideline while attempting to make a leaping catch in one-on-one coverage with cornerback Shareece Wright during a drill.
Aside from the draft picks, Matthews was the key addition in addressing Buffalo's more immediate needs on what is now a retooled group of receivers. Buffalo lost starter Robert Woods and speedster Marquise Goodwin in free agency this past offseason.
The Bills were looking for Mathews to play alongside Anquan Boldin, who was signed last week, and rookie second-round draft pick Zay Jones. Also competing for jobs are Walt Powell and offseason free-agent additions Andre Holmes and Rod Streater.
Though not considered as dynamic of a deep threat as Watkins, Matthews has been consistent in their first three seasons with the Eagles. They were Philadelphia's most productive receiver with 2,673 yards and 19 touchdowns. They became just the fifth NFL player to top 65 catches and 800 yards in each of their first three seasons.
Matthews was to have made their preseason debut Thursday, facing their former team when Buffalo plays at Philadelphia.
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PALO ALTO — These days, Buena Vista Mobile Home Park residents no longer wake up each morning worrying whether they'll be evicted before the day is through.
And, they no longer have to deal with so much blight, vandalism and broken equipment.
Once a place where non-residents dumped old furniture and other large trash items, Palo Alto's last mobile home park is finally cleaned up.
Buena Vista park, which is home to roughly 400 mostly low-income and mostly Latino residents, was saved last September when the Santa Clara County Housing Authority, the city of Palo Alto and Santa Clara County contributed $40 million to purchase the 4.5-acre site from the Jisser family. The Housing Authority owns the site and The Caritas Corp., a nonprofit that operates more than 20 mobile home parks in California, manages it.
After buying the mobile home park, the agency added speed bumps to deal with speeders, repaired common bathrooms, showers and a laundry room that were no longer in service because they had been vandalized or used by transients to sleep. And for the first time, security guards now monitor the park overnight and the resident association is creating rules for the park.
Erika Escalante, president of the Buena Vista Residents Association, said the Jissers stopped maintaining the site well before they announced they were going to sell the park in 2012.
“The laundry room wasn't getting maintenance or the bathrooms and showers,” said Escalante, 32, who has been a resident since they were 11. “People were breaking in, breaking doors.”
Escalante helped spearhead the movement to save the park back in 2012, which began at a City Council meeting where a number of residents spoke about their plight just a few days after the announcement of the sale. Reluctant to get involved at first because she's shy, they became instrumental in the effort, acting as a translator for residents who couldn't speak English and later voted in as first president when the residents association was formed in 2014.
“I grew a lot, I learned a lot through this process,” they said.
Winter Dellenbach, a nearby resident who formed the Friends of Buena Vista, was at that council meeting and helped residents hire an attorney. They said they joined the effort simply because they were their neighbors and it would have been a disaster for the city to displace so many low-income families. The park dates back to the 1920 when it was opened as a tourist camp.
“It was a miracle that it was saved because mobile home parks are rarely saved, particularly in this land market because they're being sold hand over fist because of land value,” Dellenbach said.
County Supervisor Joe Simitian, who joined the effort to save the park in 2015, said it's a testament to what can be done when a community comes together.
“The takeaway for me is, if you can partner with others, there's almost no limit to what you can do,” Simitian said.
They said they are hopeful that rents for the lowest-income families could actually come down after the Housing Authority completes an overhaul of the park, which is estimated to cost between $10 million and $20 million.
Renting space at the park is relatively affordable at an average of $1,200 a month, with a maximum of $1,400, according to association member Maria Martinez. Rents will remain frozen until the redesign and a clubhouse is completed and new sewer and electric lines are installed. Between 2012 and when the park changed ownership, rents had been going up by 9 percent each year.
The new park design, which Housing Authority Executive Director Katherine Harasz estimates will take another year to finalize, involves demolishing all current mobile homes and studio units, purchasing mobile homes owned by families, and bringing in new mobile homes. Their goal is to keep costs affordable.
The Housing Authority paid for improvements to many mobile homes that were experiencing health and safety issues.
The biggest challenge ahead will be finding space off site to move some families off site while the park is being rebuilt in phases, which could take another year once the city approves the plans.
Escalante and others are crossing their fingers that there will be enough space in the new design for their to be a playground and maybe even a swimming pool.
“It would be great to have a pool,” they said.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Complaints keep pouring in about a Utah judge who called a convicted rapist a “good man” during their sentencing hearing. But the chances of the judge being punished appear slim because their remarks don't seem to fit within any of the five forms of judicial misconduct that would trigger reprimands, one expert said.
At least four of these categories of misconduct don't apply to Judge Thomas Low's remarks, Paul Cassell, a professor of criminal law at the University of Utah, said Monday. The fifth category would only apply if officials determined that their comments were damaging to the administration of justice, which is difficult to prove, Cassell said.
Last week, Low sentenced Keith Robert Vallejo, a former Mormon bishop, to up to life in prison after a jury found them guilty of 10 counts of forcible sexual abuse and one count of object rape.
The judge is now facing a deluge of complaints after saying during the hearing, “The court has no doubt that Mr. Vallejo is an extraordinarily good man …. But great men sometimes do bad things.”
Utah's Judicial Conduct Commission is tasked with investigating judges who receive complaints. It can then make a recommendation to the state's Supreme Court about whether the judge should be reprimanded or removed.
Democrat Rep. Brian King, the commission's chair, said the group looks into every complaint it receives, but such information is confidential. If the commission decides to conduct an investigation, it could take months, they said.
A Utah LGBT-rights group, Restore our Humanity, plans to file a complaint with the commission against the judge later this week. Mark Lawrence said the group has identified a handful of reasons the judge should be sanctioned, including bias and a lack of independence.
The judge's remarks “are exactly the type of things that make it difficult for victims and survivors of sexual abuse to come forward,” Lawrence said. “It was completely outlandish for them to say that.”
Jennifer Yim, a representative from another state judicial oversight commission, said the group has received in total 120 emails, phone calls and Facebook messages about Low since late March, when the judge came under scrutiny for letting Vallejo out of custody after their conviction. But the vast majority of them have come since Low's remarks at Vallejo's sentencing hearing.
Yim said on average their organization receives about two or three comments about judges each week, so this is “an extraordinary number.”
They wouldn't say whether or not these were all complaints, but they said: “It'd be pretty unlikely that people would write to praise him.”
Low declined comment through a spokesperson who said judges aren't supposed to comment on cases that are still pending.
The sexual abuse occurred in Provo, a Mormon stronghold that is home to Brigham Young University. Low attended the school, where almost all students are Mormon, but it is not clear whether they are a member of the faith.
In the faith, bishops are regular church members who lead their congregations for four to five years. The position is unpaid and part of the religion's lay clergy structure that makes it different from many other religions.
In this spoiler-free preview, Poldark fan Ben Dowell is more than taken with the first episode of the new series
A man swims across a tumbling sea, their muscular bare chest fighting against the thundering waves, their only item of clothing a pair of linen shorts that cling tightly to their hard legs.
Advertisement
The man strides out of the sea, shakes their wet mane of black hair and…. it's Ross Poldark. Why of course it is.
“I saw you swim away,” their wife Demelza (Eleanor Tomlinson) says cheerfully as they walk from the sand dunes with their children to meet them on the shore.
“No, I'm still here,” they reply, in remarks that are awash with meaning for fans of the show.
Because, you will not have forgotten, fellow Poldarkians, that at the end of series three the pair had a few marital issues, culminating in Demelza's decision to take their lover Hugh Armitage among the same sand dunes and (we presume) have sex with him. But Ross is, as they say, still “here” even if they have a bit to do to repair their marriage.
In fact, one of the noticeable things about the first episode of the new series is the rather modern way these two talk about their problems. The issue is not addressed directly but in their many solemn chats by the fireside and the many meaningful looks they exchange over the hour-long course of the drama, Ross is clearly in no doubt about what happened between Demelza and Hugh (Joshua Whitehouse). In fact they talk openly about their love for her, even if our Ross is clearly too much of a gentleman to quiz their wife directly on what precisely took place.
Hugh meanwhile, is stuck in their big house, dealing with chronic headaches and issues with their eyesight. Just before their dalliance with Demelza they told them that they were going to go blind – and it looks like that fate may befall him. They can still see well enough to write them their (to my mind, god awful) poems, mind you.
But at least they have politics to distract him. Yes, Pitt the Prime Minister has called an election and all of Cornwall is hit with election fever. Dastardly George Warleggan (Jack Farthing) will have to fight for their seat – but will Hugh be their opponent? That seems to be on the cards. Or, wait for it, will all the Poldark pre-publicity about Ross becoming an MP mean that…. Ross will stand for Parliament and win?
I think we know the answer to that one and our hero's likely motive is also apparent in the opening episode – an incident of such savage injustice at the hands of George against someone Ross knows well that they cannot but refuse to become a politician for a second time.  They are reminded of that fact about ten thousand times in the episode as well, just for good measure.
There's also some more fine work from Christian Brassington whose Reverend Osborne Whitworth is perhaps even more ghastly than they were before. Which if you know Osborne Whitworth is going it a bit.
The sex-crazed, toe-sucking cleric's dalliance with their wife's sister has been uncovered and poor Morwenna is cowering at home, refusing to grant them access to their body.
But he's still peeping in through the keyhole, spying on them and getting aroused. And when it comes to the injustice meted out to the friend of Ross's I have just spoken about? Let's just say the Revd O doesn't exactly demonstrate the full New Testament values of forgiveness, mercy and compassion. He's more of a ‘side with the poshos' kind of person when it comes to social justice.
That's about all I can say without spoiling any of this for you. Except to add that it's as hugely satisfying as ever. As I think I have made clear, beefcake watchers will have nothing to complain about. But all the other usual Poldark ingredients are there too – high drama, humour, hugely watchable characters and more wonderful, breathtaking scenery. Even in those rare moments when a shirtless Mr Turner's not around.
Poldark series 4 will air on BBC1 later this summer
Advertisement
This article was originally published on 25 May 2018
LAKE LIVINGSTON, Texas - A man, woman and their 14-year-old son were rescued Wednesday from Lake Livingston after jumping from their sinking boat and floating in the lake for nearly eight hours.
Ricardo Lopez, the man who was rescued, said the family had spent the day fishing and was going back to shore about 7 p.m. Tuesday when storms rolled in.
“We were heading back and then the weather turned really crazy, so then the waves, they (started) to get really high,” Lopez said. “One of the waves hit the dome of the boat and it sank the front of it.”
Lopez said they were able to swim closer to shore, where they were picked up by another boat after several hours. They called for help and a massive search began.
A Coast Guard helicopter combed the 31-mile-long lake, and eventually spotted an ice chest and flip-flops floating in the water. Rescuers focused on that area and found the woman and their son about 2 a.m., floating about 10 miles away from where they jumped into the water and waving at the helicopter.
“Temperature was good,” said Capt. Joe Schultea, of the San Jacinto County Sheriff's Office. “Everything went well for them. They had their life jackets. They put them on. The young man that went for help was a good swimmer and had good information for us.”
Deputies said the woman and their son are doing well.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
VARNER, Ark. — The U.S. Supreme Court spared the life of an Arkansas inmate minutes before their death warrant was set to expire Monday, scuttling efforts to resume the death penalty after nearly 12 years in the state with a plan to carry out four double executions before its supply of a lethal injection drug expires.
The court's decision to maintain the stay for Don Davis capped a chaotic day of legal wrangling in state and federal courts to clear the primary obstacles Arkansas faced to carrying out its first executions since 2005. Gov. Asa Hutchinson, who had set the multiple executions, said the state would to continue to push for the other lethal injections to be carried out. Two inmates are set to be put to death on Thursday.
“While this has been an exhausting day for all involved, tomorrow we will continue to fight back on last minute appeals and efforts to block justice for the victims' families,” Hutchinson said in a statement.
The legal fighting had centered on a series of planned lethal injections that, if carried out, would mark the most inmates put to death by a state in such a short period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. The state scheduled the executions to take place before its supply of midazolam, a lethal injection drug, expires at the end of April.
The state was rushing to win approval to execute Davis before their death warrant expired at midnight. Davis and Bruce Ward were set to be executed Monday night and had been granted stays by the state Supreme Court. The state decided not to challenge the stay for Ward.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruling came hours after the state had cleared two of the main obstacles to resuming executions. The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a federal judge's ruling blocking the executions over the use of midazolam, a sedative used in flawed executions in other states. The state Supreme Court also lifted a lower court ruling preventing the state from using another lethal injection drug that a supplier said was sold to be used for medical purposes, not executions.
Davis was sentenced to death for the 1990 death of Jane Daniel in Rogers. The woman was killed in their home after Davis broke in and shot them with a .44-caliber revolver they found there. Davis came within six hours of execution in 2010 before they were spared by the state Supreme Court.
“It is heartbreaking that the family of Jane Daniel has once again seen justice delayed,” Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said in a statement. “Davis was convicted of their crimes in 1992, and my office took every action it could today to see that justice was carried out.”
FILE - In this March 4, 2015 file photo, Illinois Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner speaks at an event in Springfield, Ill. Heated debates over income taxes and abortion funding in the state Capitol Tuesday, May 29, 2018, belied what legislative leaders said was a collegial negotiation over the full budget which made lawmakers optimistic they could complete their work by Thursday's deadline. Seth Perlman, File AP Photo
The French interior minister says police have arrested two suspected radicals who were allegedly preparing an “imminent” attack in France as it prepares to vote this weekend in the first round of its presidential election.
BRITISH PM THERESA MAY Call FOR SNAP ELECTION IN JUNE
Matthias Fekl said at a brief news conference Tuesday that the arrests took place in the southern city of Marseille.
They said those arrested were suspected of preparing an attack in the coming days.
Gold prices fell on Tuesday, pausing a run that had landed the precious metal at five-month highs, despite a retreat in risk assets, including stocks and lower yields in U.S. government bonds.
Treasury yields TMUBMUSD10Y, -1.82% traded around their lowest since November, but didn't spark demand for gold, which doesn't bear a yield. Meanwhile, stocks, which typically move opposite of gold, were under early pressure.
Gold remained lower even as U.S. housing data disappointed, which could spur some murmurs that the Federal Reserve won't be as aggressive with interest-rate hikes this year as some expected. Higher rates typically pressure gold prices and gold's upside has been limited somewhat by the climate for higher U.S. rates.
June gold GCM7, -0.70% fell $9.10, or 0.7%, at $1,282.70 an ounce. Prices logged their highest finish, at $1,291, since Nov. 4 on Monday. Analysts said the metal's inability to clear $1,300 encouraged some traders to sell.
“Some normal backing and filling on the charts and profit-taking from the shorter-term futures traders are featured. However, selling pressure is light due to ongoing worries about geopolitics and amid a slumping U.S. dollar index,” said Jim Wyckoff, senior analyst with Kitco. They said the bulls' next upside objective is a close above solid technical resistance at $1,300. Bears' next near-term downside objective is a closing price below $1,268.10.
The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, -0.41% slipped less than 0.4% at 99.92, according to FactSet data.
Silver for May delivery SIK7, -2.02% fell 38 cents, or 2.1%, to $18.14 an ounce. Silver gained about 2% last week.
Commentary: Gold's record as a safe haven doesn't glitter
Gold's earlier advances had been underpinned by tensions with North Korea and uncertainty for the European economy should euroskeptics advance in the French elections set for this Sunday, with a second round on May 7.
“Worries about the French presidential election may sour sentiment anew” boosting at least short-term demand for gold, said Ilya Spivak, analyst with Daily FX.
“Leading candidates are clustered near 20% in the polls, making for unusually high uncertainty about who will make it into the final face-to-face contest,” they said. “This fuels fears that right and left extremes Marine Le Pen and Jean-Luc Melenchon, neither of which excite the markets, may be the last left standing.”
U.K. political news revved up as well as Prime Minister Theresa May said Tuesday they want Britain to hold a general election on June 8. The move is aimed at strengthening the Conservative government's position as it prepares to negotiate Britain's exit from the European Union. The pound GBPUSD, +1.4962% was pushing toward $1.27.
Meanwhile, China-traded iron-ore prices deepened a two-month slide with a drop on Tuesday that followed weaker housing data for world's second-largest economy.
The futures contract price for one metric ton of iron ore on the Dalian Commodity Exchange fell more than 4% to Rmb478.5 ($69.45) at one point Tuesday, an intraday low not seen since November 22.
Price growth for new housing in China slowed to a year-on-year rise of 11.3% in March, pulling away from the near-term peak of 12.6% hit in November. That report followed upbeat economic news issued Monday. It showed an annual growth rate for the Chinese economy of 6.9% in the March quarter, the strongest quarterly performance in 18 months.
“We expect to see the dynamism of [China's] GDP growth decline in the next quarters, particularly because of the attempts to combat the property market bubble. Most metals are falling again this morning,” said Carsten Fritsch and the commodities team at Commerzbank, in a note.
In exchange-traded funds, the SPDR Gold Trust GLD, -0.15% was off 0.1%, while the VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF GDX, -1.39% traded 1.3% lower, and the iShares Silver Trust was down 1.3%.
Harrison Ford crash-landed a vintage airplane on a Los Angeles golf course in 2015. Lucy Nicholson / Reuters
They also crash-landed a helicopter in 1999 during a flight lesson in Ventura County, California. And in 2000, Ford's six-seater Beechcraft Bonanza scraped the runway during an emergency landing at Nebraska's Lincoln Municipal Airport.
But Ford is revered as an excellent pilot in aviation circles. They have been inducted by the Kiddie Hawk Air Academy as a Living Legend of Aviation.
A witness to Ford's 2015 Santa Monica crash told NBC News that Ford “
saved several lives” by rerouting their crash landing to the Penmar Golf Course to avoid a tract of suburban homes.
NBC News asked Ford's representatives for comment but didn't immediately get a formal response.
See more on NBC's Nightly News.
The United Nations says its political chief and North Korea's foreign minister agree that the current situation on the Korean peninsula is the most dangerous security issue in the world.
U.N. Undersecretary-General for Political Affairs Jeffrey Feltman returned Friday from a four-day visit to North Korea, where they met with officials including North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho.
U.N. spokesperson Stephane Dujarric says Saturday that Feltman and their hosts agreed that the Korean situation is “the most tense and dangerous peace and security issue” in the world today.”
Feltman's visit came at a time of high tension between North Korea, South Korea, Japan and the United States, sparked by North Korea's frequent missile launches.
Dujarric says Feltman told the North Koreans there can only be a diplomatic solution.
From bottles and wadded up napkins to food scraps — the U.S. Bank Stadium will be the site of more than 40 tons of waste by the time Americans know whether the Philadelphia Eagles or the New England Patriots triumphed in Super Bowl LII.
This year, the NFL, PepsiCo, Aramark and the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis are teaming up to sustainably and responsibly dispose of 90 percent of the stadium's trash with the new initiative, Rush2Recycle.
- Advertisement -
The project aspires to place new standards for sustainability on events that attract large crowds. The U.S. Bank Stadium alone seats 66,200 people.
The new zero-waste initiative will help fans dispose of their waste properly within the stadium and learn tips and resources for recycling at home. The waste will be hand sorted to compost organic material, while non-compostable, non-recyclable waste will be incinerated to heat local homes and businesses with the recovered energy.
Even the “in-service stadium ware” will become compostable material, the Rush2Recycle site states.
In a video on the site, spokesperson Hines Ward, former wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers, encourages attendees to “get in the game” by sorting their french fries in to compost bins and bottles into recycling bins, for instance.
Related: How Minneapolis is preparing for the Super Bowl
“The Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority is proud of the hard work and dedication put forth by all stadium partners to build a sustainable, zero-waste program for U.S. Bank Stadium,” Michael Vekich, chair of the Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority, owner of U.S. Bank Stadium said in a statement by PepsiCo.
“This dedication echoes the State of Minnesota's commitment to reducing our carbon footprint and building an operation that is friendly to our environment.”
A man walks by U.S. Bank Stadium, home to this weekend's Super Bowl, in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota, on Jan. 30, 2018. Kevin Lamarque / Reuters
The initiative will rely on stadium employees, maintenance workers, fans and new tri-bin waste disposal units to make it a success.
Eight million tons of improperly disposed plastic ends up in a landfill or
polluting American waterways. This project, like those through the NFL Environmental Program, are part of the effort in reducing numbers of waste, particularly in sporting events.
Five suspects were arrested in southern Spain after police officers carrying out a traffic stop found vehicles loaded with more than 8,000 pounds of stolen oranges.
City authorities in Seville on Tuesday released images of two cars and a van overloaded with the fruit after an alleged theft in the town of Carmon.
The suspects were stopped last week when a police patrol became suspicious of the vehicles driving in a convoy at night, the city council said.
#PolicíaSevilla denuncia a cinco personas por el presunto robo de 4.000 kilos de naranjas en una nave de #Carmona #Sevilla
+ Info https://t.co/TNHQAQswAV pic.twitter.com/429OAVOHBc — Emergencias Sevilla (@EmergenciasSev) 26 January 2018
Five people were detained on suspicion of theft.
Seville city security spokesperson, Juan Carlos Cabrera, told Europa Press that the arrests were important not only in thwarting theft but also in “preserving the food security of the possible consumers who would have had these oranges.”
An Ohio police department took to Facebook this week with a faux advisory for meth users about Zika.
“WARNING: If you have recently purchased Meth in Preble, Montgomery, Darke or Butler Counties it may be contaminated with the Zika Virus,” the Gratis Police Department wrote.
They added, “Please bring it to the Gratis Police Department and we will test it for free. If you're not comfortable coming into our office, please contact us and we'll test your Meth in the privacy of your home.”
Gratis police later acknowledged that the drug is unable to host the virus.
“We're just trying to keep things lighthearted and humanize the police department with some jokes,” Assistant Chief Dennis Blankenship told Fox 45. “We're not doing it to arrest 100 people that are going to bring in meth. Drug addiction is a serious issue and I pride myself in helping people when it comes to that.”
Blankenship said the Facebook post, which has racked up more than 3,100 reactions and 800 comments as of Wednesday afternoon, wasn't intended to lead to arrests.
But that didn't stop people from questioning the department's motive.
“Isn't this entrapment?” a commenter asked.
“I do not support or condone the use of this drug, and get that it's a funny post. But wouldn't this be considered entrapment? The police persuading you to do something you wouldn't normally do in order to bust you?” another echoed.
“Do you really think we're being serious and expect people to show up? Come on now. And if they do why do you care? It's more drugs off the street right,” police replied.
The police department continued, “You have to be persistent in attempting to persuade the person to commit the crime they otherwise wouldn't be committing. But if they are already in possession of Meth then they are not committing any crime that they wouldn't already be committing.”
Others had different takes on the situation.
“Should be going after the dealers that's distributing it and furthering addiction. Or how about the ones bringing it into the dealers ?”
“We are,” police replied. “Every single day.”
But at least one Facebook user suggested police in the area have a bigger problem that needs to be addressed.
“I don't live there, so I'm unaware of the meth problem. But after reading the posts, you've got a bigger problem on your hands. Seems those in your area suffer from a serious lack of humor,” the user wrote.
TWO KILLED IN HWY. 52 WRECK
Geneva Reaper
Alabama State Troopers report that a Florala couple was killed Tuesday night when their truck struck a tree on Hwy. 52 between Geneva and Samson.
Troopers report that at 7:15 PM a 1996 Chevy Silverado, driven by 55-year-old Karen Lynn Creech, was headed west and struck a tree in the highway across a power line about two miles east of Samson. Karen Creech and their passenger, 68-year-old Roy Thomas Creech, were both killed.
Both victims were pronounced dead at the scene by Geneva County Coroner Hagler Ward. The investigation continues into the cause of the accident.
In another accident at the same location, Lucy Adams was headed west in a Nissan pickup truck and struck the same tree and power line. Adams was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
Black Caucus members call for action on Austin bombings Congressional Black Caucus members want the bombings in Austin, Texas, to be classified as “terrorist attacks” — and are calling on officials to determine whether they are “ideologically or racially...
Austin police say they're hunting for a 'serial bomber' A “serial bomber” is likely responsible for four explosions that have killed two and caused a state of panic in Austin, Texas, authorities said Monday, as hundreds of federal investigators...
Latest Austin bombing may have been triggered by tripwire Another explosion was reported in Austin on Sunday night — just hours after cops issued an urgent public plea, asking the “person or persons” behind the city's deadly string of...
Teen killed in package bombings was 'talented to the max' At just 17, Draylen Mason had the “chops” to study music in college and one day play the bass or piano professionally, their instructors said. The Austin teen, in fact,...
Deadly package bombs are rocking Austin AUSTIN, Texas — A package bomb that killed a Texas teenager and injured a woman on Monday was believed to be linked to a deadly blast in the state's capital...
Cop resigns after allegedly faking their own death AUSTIN, Texas — A Texas police officer has resigned after allegedly trying to fake their own death and fleeing to Mexico. The Austin American-Statesman and KVUE-TV report that 29-year-old Coleman...
Car plummets 7 stories off of parking garage, narrowly missing driver below A car in a parking garage in Austin, Texas dropped 7 stories when the driver, Christi Bowmer, allegedly lost control of their vehicle. Miraculously, the driver in the SUV below,...
Drivers cheat death when car plunges seven stories onto SUV A lucky SUV driver in Texas narrowly escaped being crushed by a BMW that plummeted seven stories off a parking garage. Jaw-dropping surveillance video shows the BMW coupe crashing head-first...
The 20 best ice cream sundaes in America When the weather gets warm, there's one comfort food that dessert-lovers everywhere go in search for: ice cream. And while a plain ol' scoop normally does the trick, there are...
Share
California is halfway to restoring net neutrality rules across the state. A bill to bring ease back into the hearts of California web surfers, SB-822, sailed through the state Senate on a 23 to 12 vote. The bill now moves on to the California Assembly before potentially landing in the hands of Gov. Jerry Brown.
The news arrives after the U.S. Senate voted to reverse the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) decision to kill its own net neutrality rules set in place under the Obama administration. The Congressional Review Act seeks to overturn the decision made by the FCC in December 2017, but still must go through the House of Representatives. Meanwhile, the FCC's quest to “restore internet freedom” is still slated to go live in June.
California's bill aims to set net neutrality rules on a state level. The bill prohibits internet service providers from offering different quality of service levels outside specific conditions. It allows the state's Attorney General to investigate and take action against those service providers in violation of the prohibitions.
According to Section 1776 of the bill, internet service providers cannot block lawful content, applications, services, or non-harmful devices. Providers also cannot alter internet connections between devices and “lawful” sources, which would prevent throttling and paid fast lanes for specific media. The list goes on to include the ban of third-party paid prioritization, application-specific differential pricing, and more.
Without rules, an internet service provider offering its own video streaming service could relegate Netflix and Hulu to “slow” lanes even if they provide better content. This bill, if passed, would prevent that type of prioritization. It would also prevent service providers from picking and choosing services that don't count toward the customer's data consumption.
“Large ISPs such as AT&T don't like this bill. They've mustered a series of absurd arguments that have been repeatedly rebutted. And yet, they came very close to convincing lawmakers to weaken the bill in their favor,” the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) said on Wednesday.
Internet service providers like AT&T and Comcast don't want net neutrality reinforced because the rules will “cut into their bottom line.” In other words, they won't be able to charge extra for prioritization stemming from faster lanes, unfiltered content, and throttle-free connections. Their argument, according to the EFF, is that if they can't generate revenue from those streams, internet subscription prices will rise.
An argument can be made that internet service providers didn't practice content filtering, throttling, or paid fast lane access prior to the net neutrality rules. Many providers claim they won't change once the rules cease in June. But given how they lobby against California's new bill and the effort to reverse the FCC's decision, internet subscribers can't help but worry about an internet without net neutrality.
“It's time for our federal lawmakers in the House of Representatives to follow the lead of the U.S. Senate and California State Senate, listen to their constituents, tech experts, and small business owners, and vote for the Congressional Review Act resolution,” says Evan Greer of digital rights group Fight for the Future.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Macon is a city full of different personalities.
One Macon woman wants to highlight the diversity.
“We're actually taking the time to sit and ask someone to tell me their story,” said The Maconites creator Susannah Maddux.
If Macon were a picture, it would scream more than a thousand words.
“Really this is just up to what that person wants to say for the day,” said Maddux.
And the voices would be loud and clear.
“We're nothing if we're not a mix of voices,” said Maddux.
That's what Suzanna Maddox wants to capture with a new website.
“That's the world and frankly I think in a lot of ways, Macon is a microcosm,” said Maddux.
The Maconites highlights that small bit of the world we know as Macon…
“I do hope that this project will help to show the mix,” said Maddux.
Through profiles of people you would meet right downtown.
“Of the 20 people we've interviewed, we've only had one of them turn us down,” said Maddux.
Maddox interviewed Joey Wozniak to be their next profile–she picks someone randomly and their photographer Marian Bates snaps a nice photo, which ends up on the website.
“I more and more as I go through work and life, our stories are what connect us all,” said Maddux.
Connecting all types of people.
“Young people who are considering where to move after college, new businesses, people who are traveling around the state of Georgia–the south,” said Maddux. “Perhaps people will see the Maconites and realize that's a story that is interesting.”
Painting Macon's picture one voice at a time.
“People want to tell their story,” said Maddux.
Check out The Maconites website here.
Swine, bird flu outbreaks slam South, North Korea ahead of Olympics Super flu outbreaks are ravaging the Korean Peninsula less than two weeks before the Winter Olympics — leaving North Korea scrambling to treat more than 81,000 people infected with swine...
France slaughtering 600,000 ducks due to bird flu PARIS — France's agriculture ministry has ordered all remaining 600,000 ducks in a key poultry-producing region slaughtered to try to stem a growing outbreak of bird flu. A previous cull...
Quarantined cats find homes after beating bird flu It's the purr-fect ending to a cat-astrophic tale. The first batch of cats quarantined by the city amid a rare bird flu outbreak have finally found a place to call...
City releasing quarantined cats as bird flu epidemic subsides The first of hundreds of cats quarantined by the city amid a bird flu outbreak were sprung from their cages on Saturday, sources told The Post. An undisclosed number of...
Tiny kitty named Alfred is patient zero in bird-flu outbreak The bird-flu epidemic that has affected animal shelters citywide all began with a little tabby named Alfred. The kitten was adopted from a Bronx shelter in late October and showed...
City quarantines hundreds of cats amid bird flu outbreak This is a cat-astrophe! A rare strain of bird flu has swept through the Big Apple's animal shelters — and city officials have locked up about 500 felines in a...
France detects first bird flu outbreak in years France, the European Union's biggest agriculture producer, reported an outbreak of the deadly H5N1 bird flu virus in chickens on Wednesday, its first since 2007. “A case of avian influenza...
Your omelet is about to get a lot more expensive Those who like to indulge in a good omelet or quiche at the local cafe should prepare to pay a little more — if it's even on the menu. Restaurants...
Iowa declares state of emergency over bird flu outbreak Iowa Governor Terry Branstad declared a state of emergency on Friday due to a rapidly expanding avian flu outbreak, saying the entire state was at risk from the spread of...
Photo
On the surface, Akayed Ullah seemed to be an ordinary member of a Bangladeshi enclave in Brooklyn. They often prayed at a mosque in an unassuming brownstone in the Kensington section of the borough, where a few thousand of their countrymen reside. Like many immigrants in New York, they made their living — at least for a while — driving for a car service.
But on Monday morning, Mr. Ullah, 27, strapped a pipe bomb to their body and set out to detonate it in a Times Square subway station, the police said, not only causing chaos among crowds of commuters, but also leaving behind a trail of mystery that baffled those who knew him.
“He was a good guy,” said Mohammad Yousuf, a cabdriver who prayed with Mr. Ullah at the mosque. “I can't believe they would do anything like this.”
According to several law enforcement officials, Mr. Ullah said they set off the bomb in retaliation for American airstrikes in Syria and elsewhere, targeting members of the Islamic State, or ISIS. They told investigators that they had been radicalized online and had made a number of trips overseas in the past five years, visiting Bangladesh in recent months, one of the officials said.
Fyre Festival fraudster faces up to 10 years in prison Billy McFarland pleaded guilty to wire fraud for duping investors of the failed Bahamas music soiree.
Disgraced Fyre Festival organizer spent $150K on a yacht for Blink-182 Billy McFarland may have neglected to budget for toilets, but they still managed to drop more than $150,000 on a yacht.
Ja Rule still trying to revive reputation after failed Fyre Festival The rapper will be performing at HennyPalooza on Saturday at Coney Art Walls on Coney Island.
Fyre Festival investors force promotion company into bankruptcy A trustee with authority to page through company records and potentially recover lenders' money is expected to take control of the company as a result of the Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
United Nations taps disgraced Fyre Festival organizer Organizer Billy McFarland has been arrested and charged for this island getaway that just got away.
Fyre Fest organizer reportedly seeking plea deal over fraud charges McFarland is accused of forging documents to get investors to hand over millions.
Welcome to FTW Explains: a guide to catching up on and better understanding stuff going on in the world. Eric Reid is one of the better safeties available in free agency. They have yet to sign and there hasn't been any news about teams interested in signing him. Why is that? Let's try to figure that out…
Who is Eric Reid?
Reid is a 26-year-old safety who was drafted in the first round of the 2013 NFL draft. They made the Pro Bowl as a rookie. Their rookie contract expired after the 2017 season.
They made knews for kneeling with Colin Kaepernick during the 2016 season and continued their protests during the 2017 season. They wrote an op-ed piece for the New York Times explaining their decision to do so.
More importantly, how good is Reid?
Well, that depends on which position a team is asking them to play. In 2017, the 49ers asked them to move to linebacker after trading away NaVorro Bowman. Reid agreed, even after the front office gave them no assurances that he'd get another contract if they made the change.
Reid played well in their new role. He's a big hitter who can hold up against bigger blockers in the run game. With their athleticism, they can cover running backs and tight ends in the passing game.
Ex-49ers S/LB Eric Reid at 38. Forget the anthem crap; watch their tape in 2017 and see how they seamlessly moved from traditional safety to a more nuanced roving linebacker position. Very underrated guy who can do a lot of things VERY well. — Doug Farrar (@BR_DougFarrar) March 13, 2018
As a safety, Reid can be a liability in man coverage, but he's more of a box safety (think Kam Chancellor) so that's not much of a surprise. They are, however, a smart zone defender thanks to their instincts and route recognition skills.
Eric Reid knew what route Jaydon Mickens was running before they ran it. pic.twitter.com/daJ8PT5iSt — Steven Ruiz (@theStevenRuiz) March 19, 2018
In today's NFL, hybrid players like Reid are valued because of their versatility.
So you're saying if it wasn't for the protests, they would be signed by now?
Not necessarily. The safety market hasn't really developed yet. The best safety available, Morgan Burnett, has yet to sign. Neither has Mike Mitchell. Tyrann Mathieu signing with the Texans over the weekend could get things rolling.
So Reid's complaints aren't valid?
I wouldn't say that, either. There have been no reports of teams interested in signing Reid, which is odd considering they are one of the better safeties available. Mike Jones of USA TODAY Sports reports that there is little interest in signing Reid…
No buzz about free agent strong safety Eric Reid. Pro Bowl pick in 2013. Last year had 67 tackles, 2 INT and is just 26. Unpopular for taking a knee during the protest w Kaepernick and continuing the fight against social injustice last year. — Mike Jones (@ByMikeJones) March 15, 2018
Let's say the protests aren't an issue; how much would a player like Reid make on the open market?
Players with a similar skillset haven't had much trouble getting paid. Just last year, Johnathan Cyprien, a less dynamic version of Reid, signed a four-year, $25 million deal with the Titans. They were also 26 when they signed and did not have linebacker experience.
Spotrac set Reid's market value at $8.6 million per year. Jason Fitzgerald of OverTheCap.com wrote in February that teams would be lucky to land Reid in the $8 million range. They should be getting a big payday this offseason.
So is Reid getting the Kaepernick treatment or what?
It's probably too early to say, but if they aren't signed over the next few weeks, it would be hard to argue that they aren't.
That probably won't happen, though. But Reid may end up being forced to take less than he's worth in order to get a new deal. It doesn't sound like he's interested in doing so (why would they be?).
The notion that I can be a great signing for your team for cheap, not because of my skill set but because I've protested systemic oppression, is ludicrous. If you think is, then your mindset is part of the problem too. — Eric Reid (@E_Reid35) March 15, 2018
There will be mouthpieces for the league making the “distraction” argument, as they did with Kaepernick. The problem with that argument is Reid has been protesting for two seasons now and hasn't been a distraction. Casual fans don't even know who they are There'd be no media storm created by their signing. Unless they remain unsigned and this story gets bigger, of course.
Kevin De Bruyne revelled in Manchester City's "big win" over rivals Manchester United, though they insisted the runaway Premier League leaders cannot afford to be complacent.
Pep Guardiola's City claimed derby honours and an 11-point lead atop the table with a 2-1 victory at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City benefited from two set-pieces, Nicolas Otamendi scoring the winner after Marcus Rashford cancelled out David Silva's opener, as the Sky Blues sealed a record-equalling 14th win in succession in the Premier League.
Speaking afterwards, City's Belgian star De Bruyne said: "Lots of teams lost points this weekend so it is a big one for us [the win] just to put more pressure on the rest.
"We have to enjoy it and then focus again for Wednesday [against Swansea City].
"It is a big gap. If we slip up we are still in the lead. We can't be complacent. We need to do what we have all year.
"I prefer to be 11 points ahead than 11 points behind that's for sure."
Asked if they were pleased with City's performance in the derby, De Bruyne added: "If you come away with a 1-0 lead, yes – at 1-1, no.
"That's the way it goes. There were two teams with a lot of quality. It was a nice game to watch with the intensity and the duels. A real derby."
November was another strong month for job gains, with the economy adding 228,000 positions, according to data released Friday by the Labor Department.
The monthly figure is slightly less than October's revised total of 244,000 — a number that mainly reflected the mass of workers returning after the impact of hurricanes Harvey and Irma — and even healthier than this year's monthly average of 174,000.
With an economy that is already healthy, some economists questioned the White House's push for corporate tax cuts. Saul Loeb / AFP - Getty Images file
Friday's report also showed that hourly earnings rose slightly, bringing the annual rate to 2.5 percent. The unemployment rate is unchanged at 4.1 percent, the lowest since December 2000.
Since the country is already close to full employment, some economists questioned the White House's push for corporate tax cuts intended to enable companies to hire more workers.
“The labor market is in great shape. Tax cuts should be used when the economy needs tax cuts and it doesn't need tax cuts right now,” Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors, told Reuters.
With the Federal Reserve all but guaranteed to raise the interest rate at its meeting next week, the Bureau of Labor Statistics data was closely watched by Wall Street and policymakers.
"After two months of volatility that we can likely attribute to hurricanes, the labor market appears healthy again. This likely further solidifies the case for raising rates that [Fed governor and nominee for Federal Reserve chair] Jerome Powell said in late November was coming along," said Steve Rick, chief economist at CUNA Mutual Group.
This new initiative will help kids who act up in school get the right resources they need. Rather than, seeing the court house.
Macon-Bibb District Attorney's presentation on a new school and justice initiative is complete. The Georgia Department of Juvenile Justice, Bibb County School District and other partners developed a protocol for handling youth in schools.
At the District Attorney Office, they have met their goal to have the framework completed Tuesday afternoon. Over the last two days, participants mapped out what offenses will result in students receiving services, and under what circumstances are a case referred to court.
- Advertisement -
“It resets the default settings for both the school and for the school resource officer about what they should do when children act up,” District Attorney David Cooke said.
According to Cooke, there's usually an underlining issue when kids misbehave. This will give school resource officers option to give this child treatment they need.
“We know this because of the data, we know this because this program has been used in many other places and has been extraordinary successful, but I think the biggest thing to think about too is that we're not just helping the kids that need it, but we're making schools and the communities safe,” they said.
Two things can happen from this protocol.
“We're able to spend more time on the teenage offenders that are actually doing real crime that threatens people, but also this new approach allows officers in the school to build better relationships with the students,” Cooke said.
Cooke says the authoritative figure, the officer, won't be looked as the person trying to get them in trouble. rather someone who can help.
“if we see that they're liable to getting a certain kind of treatment through the court system, it's better to give them that treatment early and for them to never come to court because it wastes resources and allows the child to get treatment ahead of time,” they said.
The next stage is to get the agreement in writing and have everyone sign it. Cooke says it's usually a three to six month process. He's confident this initiative should be in place by the fall for the new school year.
A Staten Island elementary school scrapped its traditional father-daughter dance this coming Friday because of the Department of Education's new gender guidelines.
The DOE ordered schools to “eliminate” any “gender-based” practices like the dance in a March 2017 policy update unless they serve a “clear” educational purpose.
The PS 65 shindig, set for Feb. 9, was abruptly postponed until next month after the school's PTA realized the dance would run afoul of the rules.
“Until we understand what we are legally permitted to do, we need to table this event,” PTA president Toni Bennett wrote to a private school-parents group on Facebook.
Some parents were hopping mad at what they saw as political correctness intruding on a quaint tradition, now in its third year.
“They're trying to take away everything that everybody grew up on and has come to know and I don't think it's fair or right,” said Matthew West, a 32-year-old father of two daughters at the school, Lily and Willow. “They should leave it the way it was — father-daughter, mother-son.”
Of PC culture, they said, “I hate it . . . People are just becoming too scared to talk.”
“It's not fair at all,” said Jose Garcia, 37, who's gone to the past two dances with their 9-year-old daughter, Jolene. “I have nothing against no one but I don't think that it should affect the school, or the kids for that matter.”
A disappointed Jolene said, “They had a dance party. We got to wear dresses and hang out with our friends.”
“All this gender crap needs to just stop,” said mom Akaia Cameron, who added that their third-grader had a “great time” with dad last year.
Parents pointed out PS 65 has no gender-inequality issues, because the Stapleton school had a mother-son bowling event last year.
The school's PTA will stage a rescheduled dance for kids and caregivers of any gender on March 2, according to the DOE.
Bennett told The Post the PTA will change the annual “Father/Best Guy & Daughter Dance” to a more inclusive theme.
Principal Sophie Scamardella instructed the PTA to change the event “to ensure all students and families were welcome to attend,” DOE spokesperson Miranda Barbot said.
“We have clear guidelines in place that require school-related events to be inclusive of all students,” Barbot said.
Still, while the PTA president was pointing to gender policies, the principal announced in a confusing letter to befuddled parents on Wednesday that the dance was postponed because Bennett “wanted to host it at a bigger venue.”
“The DOE . . . has strict guidelines about how we present information,” Scamardella wrote. “They have a ‘gender neutral' policy that must be adhered to at all times.”
Some parents “have taken to Facebook to challenge this ruling,” they added, but “there is no challenge.”
The DOE's new Transgender and Gender Nonconforming Student Guidelines, issued last March, were behind the change, and not any parental complaint, according to Bennett.
“Father-daughter dances inherently leave people out. Not just because of transgender status, just life in general,” said Jared Fox, the DOE's LGBT community liaison. “These can be really uncomfortable and triggering events.”
But Fox said there's no DOE policy explicitly banning father-daughter dances. Events are reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
“I'm really hard-pressed to put a moratorium on anything,” they said.
Ironically, they added, “For a young trans girl, to be able to go to a father-daughter dance can feel very affirming because in this instance she's recognized as a daughter.”
Schools are allowed to hold father-daughter dances, Fox said, “as long as there's messaging that they're inclusive to everybody.”
While PS 65 adheres to new gender-neutral guidelines, other schools don't.
PS 30, also on Staten Island, has already planned a pricey dance “to celebrate your little girl and the father figure in their life,” according to a flyer for the April 14 event. Tickets for couples cost $100.
PS 232 Lindenwood, in Queens, had a “Daddy Daughter Dance” on Thursday night, according to a school calendar. PS 83 in The Bronx plans a “Father/Daughter Dance” on June 6, as well as a May 19 “Mother and Son Field Day” and a “Mother/Daughter Spa Night” on April 27.
“People are uncomfortable with change,” Bennett said. “It's a new policy and, let's face facts, there are many schools that ignore it.”
A user receives funds from a friend for Burning Man festival expenses via Venmo.
PayPal Holdings, Inc
Venmo takes the anxiety out of splitting brunch and utility bills. With a linked bank account and someone's username, you can send and request cash in a few taps. But some wonder if the app makes it a little too easy for people to hit each other up for money.
Just ask Soham Maniar of Houston. They were hosting a friend for a weekend, and the two took an Uberpool to dinner. Later, Maniar was surprised to receive a request for $2.85, their half of the ride cost.
“When someone is nice enough to host a friend or guest, it doesn't mean you have to give them something in return, but I think in a world without Venmo, that friend would not have asked me for $2.85 in cash after I got out of a cab,” Maniar says.
You can take advantage of Venmo without ticking off your friends with these simple tips from Maniar and others.
Try not to sweat the small stuff
“Anything under $20 with friends I usually never charge,” Maniar says. “And if someone did something nice for me, I try and return the favor when it makes sense.”
There's no right threshold. After all, if it's almost payday and you have a $30 bank balance, covering a coworker's coffee might not be in your budget. “It's not nickel-and-diming if [the amount] does make a difference,” says Erin Lowry, author of “Broke Millennial.”
But if you can afford it, consider springing for small items once in a while. When Maniar treats, they say, “I like to assume they'll treat me for something in return in the future. It probably evens out.”
Reciprocity is key, though. If you notice that one of your friends tends to take advantage, “you need to have a conversation,” Lowry says — in person. “Don't Venmo them for the last six years of your friendship.”
More: Not just credit cards: More retail apps are offer ways to get cash back
More: Curbing instant gratification: 4 ways to temper your online shopping impulse
More: Fourth of July holiday gas prices hit 4-year high
Don't stealth-charge
Venmo and other peer-to-peer payment apps let you request money without asking first — even without a username, which you can find with the app's search function — but that doesn't mean you should. Establishing how you'll split the bill (or that you'll split the bill) ahead of time helps avoid annoyance later.
“Unless we've spoken about sharing a cost, don't expect a Venmo request from me for splitting it,” says Stefanie O'Connell, a finance blogger. And “don't send me a Venmo for the guacamole you offered me a bite of,” they add.
Spell it out
Use the memo field to add detail about the request, especially when you're splitting multiple bills. (Emoji not required.)
“Before sending someone a request for money, you should clear it with them, including what it's for and what they should expect to pay,” says Elaine Swann, a lifestyle and etiquette expert.
After a weekend trip, a simple note, such as “Hotel $100, gas $40, dinner $30” can take the stress off your recipient, particularly if you're requesting a large chunk of money.
Make your transactions private
You can control who sees your transactions on an individual basis or set a default for your account: private or friends only. If your friend's account is wide open but yours is locked up, the app will honor the more restrictive setting, according to Venmo's website.
To privatize your feed, open your Venmo menu, scroll down to “settings,” and then click on “privacy.” Be sure to click “save” when you're done.
For O'Connell, privacy is important on the app. “Who owes me money and who I owe is nobody's business but our own,” they say.
It's like real life — but (hopefully) better
Does Venmo actually make people ruder? Or is it just another way to demonstrate rudeness? It's a chicken-or-egg argument with no easy answer — but some suspect it's more often the latter.
“If you're a jerk, you're probably going to be a bigger jerk [on Venmo],” Swann says.
Lowry agrees: “If you're somebody who remembers that four years ago your friend borrowed money for coffee and never paid you back, you're going to use Venmo that way,” they say.
The good news is that if you're considerate about money outside of the digital world, you're well on your way to being considerate about Venmo. Think of it as a tool for payment, not a substitute for communication, and soon you'll be splitting brunch without provoking a single eye roll.
More from NerdWallet:
Best Ways to Send Money
What is Venmo?
How to Choose the Right Budget System
Alice Holbrook is a personal finance writer at NerdWallet. Email: alice.holbrook@nerdwallet.com. NerdWallet is a USA TODAY content partner providing general news, commentary and coverage from around the web. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
SAN FRANCISCO – The most heart quickening moment on the Giants' five-game homestand didn't happen on the mound or even between the lines.
How would you feel if you were kayaking in McCovey Cove and a leopard shark fin skimmed the water?
A different animal will be making an appearance soon at AT&T Park. Opposing scouts will perch themselves like vultures in the stands, looking for parts to pick off the Giants' roster. It's hard for this current group to hold onto authentic hopes as results like Wednesday afternoon's 7-2 loss to the Kansas City Royals continue to pile up.
Johnny Cueto allowed three home runs and the lowest scoring offense in the major leagues – yes, the Giants slipped below those slugging San Diego Padres – managed next to nothing against Royals right-hander Jason Hammel, who entered with a 5.43 ERA.
The Giants lost four of five on their abbreviated homestand against a pair of interleague opponents. Now they leave for four games at Coors Field against a Colorado Rockies club that leads the division.
The Giants might as well be chasing Secretariat.
“Obviously we've got to get on track and get the offense to be a bit more consistet,” Giants manager Bruce Bochy said prior to Wednesday's loss. “We'll be playing a very good team. We've dug ourselves a hole and the only way to get out of it is to play better ball, especially against the teams ahead of us.”
The only people getting caught up are Bay Area sports fans who allowed themselves to get lost in the Warriors' surge to an NBA Championship. Now that the Giants have their full attention, what will they do with it?
Well, for starters, the Giants continue to draw announced sellouts and mostly full stands. Those fans are looking for any sign to remain invested, and they saw a few of them Wednesday afternoon.
Cueto pumped a fist after they struck out the side to strand two runners in scoring position in the fifth. Eduardo Nuñez spiked their helmet after lining out. Nothing makes a team look flatter than when the lineup fails to hit. But by all accounts this is a team that is still focused on the present day, even if the results haven't reflected it.
Mostly, it is a team that needs to create more opportunities and then visit the cash window. They entered the game hitting .205 with two outs and runners in scoring position – a damaging failure for a club that has hit a major league low 49 home runs (the Pirates and Red Sox were next to last with 61) and ranked last with a .359 slugging percentage (the Angels were next at .382).
If they aren't hitting for power, they absolutely must hit in the clutch. They aren't doing either. Brandon Crawford, one of their best two-out RBI men in recent years, struck out to strand two runners on base in the fifth.  They are hitting .147 with two outs and runners in scoring position this season.
Crawford is far from the only culprit. He's merely emblematic of the dilemma that faces Bochy and the Giants coaching staff. These are mostly the same hitters who produced enough to lead them to a World Series title in 2014. And it isn't as simple as ditching the core and starting over. Most of these players – Crawford, Buster Posey, Brandon Belt, Hunter Pence – have significant money attached to them well beyond this season.
Rookie Austin Slater drove in their only run in 6 2/3 innings against Hammel, lining a single in the fourth.
Before then, the Giants already trailed 4-0 – a deficit they have not overcome in a victory this season.
Cueto was facing the Royals for the first time since they won a World Series with them in 2015, and the ballpark was not big enough to contain their mistakes. Mike Moustakas hit a solo home run in the second inning, Jorge Bonifacio loudly connected on a two-run hoemer in the third and Lorenzo Cain made it back-to-back shots.
Bonifacio added an RBI double against Cueto in the sixth – an inning that they did not escape.
The Giants needed as much length from Cueto as they could get, since they anticipated that right-hander Hunter Strickland would begin their suspension on Thursday at Coors Field – a penalty that will leave the Giants one reliever short in the last place where you absolutely need a fully stocked bullpen.
Strickland, who had not received a ruling on their appeal hearing prior to the first pitch Wednesday, appeared for a second consecutive game and soaked up the ninth inning.
Image copyright Getty Images
The press regulator has ruled the Times "distorted" its coverage of a five-year-old Christian girl who was placed with Muslim foster carers.
The newspaper ran three front-page stories in August 2017 after the girl was removed from their mother's care by Tower Hamlets council in east London.
It said foster carers stopped them eating bacon, confused them by speaking Arabic, and removed a crucifix.
A executive from the Times acknowledged the story caused "enormous offence".
The complaints were made by Tower Hamlets, which had taken the child into care.
The council said a front-page headline, "Judge rules child must leave Muslim foster home", was misleading because it had sought to move the child to live with their grandmother - who themselves had a Muslim background.
The judge had already ruled that the girl had been given "warm and appropriate" care by two foster families.
A council investigation - whose findings were agreed by all the parties in the case - found the allegations raised in the Times had been unsubstantiated.
The Times mentions the Independent Press Standards Organisation ruling on the front page of Wednesday's paper and publishes the full adjudication on page two and online.
The Independent Press Standards Organisation ruled the paper should publish the adjudication on page six or more prominently, as well on its website.
'Distorted information'
On Tuesday, Ian Brunskill, the paper's assistant editor, addressed the Commons Home Affairs Committee investigation of the reporting of minorities.
They said the paper's reporting had caused "an enormous amount of trouble for us, for other people."
They added: "It's caused enormous offence, it's caused enormous upset."
But they denied the paper had set out to cause offence.
"The suggestion that we might have set out to do that is frankly absurd," they said.
The chief executive of Tower Hamlets council, Will Tuckley, said it had complained because it wanted to defend its own foster carers.
They said: "From the start we had concerns about the validity of the allegations about the foster carers.
"For example one allegation was that they did not speak English, even though that is a prerequisite for any foster carer.
"The allegation that they foster placement was a bad choice by the council was also found by Ipso to be distorted information."
The Muslim Council of Britain said it was the first time a story relating to Islam had been corrected on the front page of a newspaper.
Harun Khan, the organisation's secretary general, said: "It is about time the Times was forced to apologise for promoting what was widely known to be an inaccurate, misleading and bigoted narrative about Muslims.
"We hope that this will mark a turning point in the tolerance the Times has shown for anti-Muslim bigotry in its coverage and commentary."
From the section
A chronology of key events :
1896 - Kingdoms now making up Burkina Faso become a French protectorate.
1919 - Upper Volta becomes separate constituent territory of French West Africa.
1958 - Upper Volta becomes autonomous republic within the French Community.
Independence
1960 - Upper Volta becomes independent with Maurice Yameogo as president.
Image copyright Hulton Archive Image caption Sangoule Lamizana came to power in a 1966 coup
1966 - Yameogo toppled in a military coup led by Sangoule Lamizana following unrest over a government austerity programme.
1970 - New constitution approved in a national referendum allows Lamizana to remain in power until 1975, when they were due to be replaced by an elected president; Gerard Ouedraogo appointed prime minister.
1974 - President Lamizana re-asserts authority by ousting Prime Minister Ouedraogo and dissolving parliament.
1977 - New multi-party constitution promulgated, allowing President Lamizana to remain in office. They win 1978 presidential election.
Coups
1980 - President Lamizana is ousted in coup led by Saye Zerbo.
1982 - Saye Zerbo is overthrown in a coup led by Jean-Baptiste Ouedraogo following industrial unrest.
1983 - Capt Thomas Sankara takes power from Mr Ouedraogo in an internal power struggle. They adopt radical left-wing policies.
1984 - Upper Volta renamed Burkina Faso.
1987 - Thomas Sankara ousted and killed in a coup led by their close aide, Blaise Compaore.
1990 - Compaore introduces limited democratic reforms.
1991 - Compaore re-elected without opposition under a new constitution.
Return to democracy
1992 - Compaore's Organisation for Popular Democracy-Labour Movement wins a majority of seats in the first multi-party parliamentary elections since 1978.
1998 - Compaore wins presidential election by a landslide.
Image copyright AFP Image caption President Compaore was in power for 27 years
1999 June - General strike over economic grievances and alleged human rights violations.
1999 August - State-owned mining company Soremib announces the closure of the country's biggest gold mine.
2000 December - Government agrees to set up UN-run body to monitor weapons imports after allegations that it has been involved in smuggling arms to rebels in Sierra Leone and Angola.
2004 April - Military tribunal tries 13 people accused of plotting coup against President Compaore in October 2003. Army captain Luther Ouali jailed for 10 years for masterminding plot.
2005 November - President Compaore wins a third straight term in office.
2006 December - Burkina Faso postpones a regional economic summit after deadly gun battles between police and soldiers in the capital.
2007 May - The ruling party wins a majority in parliamentary polls.
2008 April - Two-day general strike follows weeks of protests about high living costs and call for wage increases.
2009 April - Parliament passes a law requiring at least 30% of candidates put forward for election by political parties to be women.
2010 July - France, US issue travel warnings, citing the possibility of kidnappings by al-Qaeda operatives.
2010 November - Gold mine officially opened. Premier Tertius Zongo says it will earn substantial revenue for the country.
Presidential elections. President Compaore gains another term in office.
Unrest
2011 March - Weeks of violent protests follow the death of a student in police custody.
2011 April - Soldiers, presidential guards mutiny over unpaid allowances. Thousands of people protest over food prices.
2011 July - Seven people are killed when government forces suppress mutiny in Burkina Faso's second city, Bobo Dioulasso.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Mounting protests against plans to extend President Compaore's rule led to their ouster by the military
2012 January - President Compaore sacks head of Burkina Faso's customs service, Ousmane Guiro, following the seizure of nearly $4m in two large suitcases traced by police to Mr Guiro.
2012 November - President Compaore mediates talks to resolve the crisis in Mali, where Islamists have taken control of the north.
2013 April - International Court of Justice in The Hague settles a decades-old border dispute between Niger and Burkina Faso.
2013 July - Thousands of demonstrators take to the streets over plans to create a Senate. Opposition leaders say the move will allow President Compaore to extend their rule.
2014 January - Demonstrators across the country oppose possible plans by President Compaore to prolong their rule.
Defectors from the ruling party found a new political movement to challenge the president.
2014 October - More mass protests against proposed constitutional changes to allow the president another five years in power turn into a mass uprising that drives President Compaore from office.
Military takes charge in move condemned by opposition, civil society groups, United States and African Union.
2014 November - Agreement reached on a framework for a transitional government to run the country until elections proposed for the end of next year. Political and military leaders choose former Foreign Minister Michel Kafando as interim president.
2015 April - Romanian security officer at a mine in the north is kidnapped. Islamist militants later claim to be holding him.
Interim parliament bars politicians allied to deposed president Blaise Compaore from running in the presidential and general elections planned for later in the year year.
2015 May - Work starts on exhuming what is believed to be the body of former leader Thomas Sankara ahead of DNA tests to determine the identity and cause of their death.
2015 September - Acting President Kafando faces down coup attempt by presidential guard allies of Blaise Compaore.
2015 November - Former prime minister Roch Marc Christian Kabore wins presidential election, comfortably beating former Economy and Finance Minister Zephirin Diabre.
2016 January - Islamist militants attack a hotel and cafe in the capital, Ouagadougou, killing 29 people, many of them foreigners.
2016 December - Islamists waving black flags storm a military base near the Mali border and kill 11 soldiers.
2017 February - Five Sahel countries agree to set up a joint counter-terrorism force.
2017 August - 18 people are killed in a terrorist attack on a Turkish restaurant in the capital Ougadougou.
How does Disney's ‘Big Hero 6' stack up to ‘Frozen' ? Not well ‘Big Hero 6” is one of those Disney movies in which you can practically see the hot breath of the marketing guy condensed on the neck of the screenwriter. The...
How anime inspired Disney's 'Big Hero 6' On​ the surface, the new computer-animated film from Disney looks more “Dragon Ball Z” than “Frozen.” Set in a mash-up of US and Japanese cities called San Fransokyo, “Big Hero...
Why it matters to you Teaching AI to understand analogies could help solve problems in new and innovative ways.
Analogies are the comparison of one thing with another, most commonly with the goal of explaining or clarifying a certain concept. Like a well-chosen metaphor, a good analogy can be a great tool for people such as writers. However, it can also be crucial for problem-solving, since comparing separate problems or methods in this way can be used to highlight underlying — often times useful — similarities. For instance, a few years ago a car mechanic was watching a YouTube video showing how to extract a cork from a wine bottle when they struck upon using the same approximate method for helping babies stuck in the birth canal.
Unfortunately, analogies are not the most straightforward idea for a computer to understand. As we turn to artificial intelligence to solve more and more of our problems, the need for software that can understand analogies, therefore, becomes more important. That is where a new deep-learning project from Carnegie Mellon University and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem comes into play. AI researchers there have created a means by which smart agents can analyze databases of patents, inventions, and research papers, and identify ideas which could be useful for solving new problems or creating innovative products.
“Finding useful analogies automatically is very hard for computers,” Dafna Shahaf, a CMU alumnus and a computer scientist at Hebrew University, told Digital Trends. “Previous work relies heavily on hand-created databases, taking thousands of person-hours to create. Instead, we decided to try the data-driven approach. There are lots of idea repositories online, with millions of problems and solutions. We took advantage of recent advances in deep learning and AI, and found a lightweight way to learn, given a product description, a representation for what the product does, and how it does it. This allows us to ask questions such as ‘find me another product in the dataset that solves a similar problem in a completely different way' and ‘find me another use for this product.'”
This is not necessarily about handing over yet another sphere of human endeavor, though. In a test of the work, Shahaf said that human participants were tasked with problems in need of solving — such as extending the battery of a cell phone. “[The] people who were exposed to inspirations from our algorithm came up with significantly more creative ideas,” they said. “We could even see in some cases how the algorithm helped people explore more diverse parts of the design space — things they would not have thought of on their own.”
The researchers will present their work this week at KDD 2017, the Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Image copyright Geograph/Peter Holmes Image caption Arriva Trains Wales will be replaced by KeolisAmey as line operator in October
Services on the Conwy Valley line have been cancelled as more trains than usual need repairs at the same time.
Arriva Trains Wales says services between Llandudno Junction and Blaenau Ffestiniog have been stopped due to a lack of rolling stock.
Replacement bus services will run in both directions on Thursday to replace the 11 trains that operate on the 27-mile single-line service.
Arriva Trains Wales will be replaced by KeolisAmey as line operator in October.
Mariners fans were hoping that Felix Hernandez would begin to redeem themselves in the Liga Venezuela Beisbol Profesional after a rocky, injury-filled 2016. But, in only two starts for the Navegantes del Magallanes, it's fairly clear that we are no closer to seeing that the old king is better off than before they took the trip down to Venezuela.
Because the Navegantes del Magallanes didn't clinch a playoff spot, the Mariners “ace”, Felix Hernandez, completed their very short winter league stint in Venezuela.
Despite their small impact on the club's overall standing, Hernandez didn't help the team win during each of their two outings.
The first time they stepped to the mound in 2016 winter league action, Hernandez was throwing the ball all over the place.
The hope was that their line of one inning pitched, allowing two earned runs, and giving up two walks was all a symptom of their nerves returning to play in front of their countryman, but when they repeated many of these numbers in the first inning of their next start, it was worrisome.
More from SoDo Mojo
A couple days before the new year, Hernandez was back at it, throwing balls way out of the zone, tossing a handful of pitches in the dirt. Their first inning line consisted of one walk, three hits allowed while surrendering two earned runs.
Thankfully, flashes of the old Hernandez showed themselves from the second through fourth innings. Hernandez was perfect on the mound, not allowing a single hit or giving up a free pass. They also added two punch outs to this impressive stretch.
However, when it was all said and done, because of the couple of runs the Mariners number one allowed in their starts, they earned a record of 0-1 with a cumulative ERA of 7.20. Numbers that by no means even comes close to their old kingly ways.
This two-game showing down in Venezuela will not affect their standing with the club, but it definitely doesn't help changes fan's or the organization's minds to believe that they will be in Cy Young form come April.
[embedded content]
The next chance Hernandez will get to show off their transformed self will be in March's World Baseball Classic when he'll reunite with their countrymen once more in an effort to bring home the title.
This article originally appeared on
New York state tops the nation in one key export — people fleeing high taxes. More than 3.4 million New Yorkers — with combined annual earnings of $119 billion —...
They're hoping for a Hollywood ending. The two Cuban actors who defected in Miami as they headed to the TriBeCa Film Festival for a screening of their film about twins...
The Village of Derby Line dedicated the 2016 annual report to longtime resident and unofficial mayor Joe Queenin who passed away on January 25, 2017. Queenin came to Derby Line at a young age, an orphan from Boston. Over their 93 years “the mayor” became a part of the fabric of the village and devoted many hours of service to their adopted community.
The village's annual meeting was held April 4 at the Village Hall. (Read more Tuesday in the Express)
WORTHINGTON, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio man says they were trying to set a good example for their children when they turned in $14,000 they found on the side of the road.
WBNS-TV reports Jake Bowers found the money April 8 as they drove their family to a park in Worthington, a Columbus suburb.
Bowers said when they initially saw the bag on the roadside, they thought it might contain someone's laptop. Instead, it was filled with $100 bills.
Bowers took the bag to the Worthington police station, and it was returned to its owner.
A police report says the owner had taken the cash to a car dealer but left without buying a vehicle. They told police they must have left it on top of their car and driven off.
The big event on Broadway this week is taking place on the Lower East Side, where “Moulin Rouge! The Musical” is having a no-expense-spared workshop. Heavy-hitters, including Broadway's powerful landlords...
"I think I might have been overawed by my experience and intimidated by the level of performances around me," the actor said.
BP has not been pleased.
Indeed, BP, who is one of my readers, has been downright disappointed with what she's seen in this space since last year's election. They wrote me about it a few days ago. Them email said, in part:
Related Articles Cohen: Trump's actions proving their campaign was a lie
April 18 Letters: Why San Jose needs tenant protection law
Cartoons: Is Donald Trump a loose cannon?
Editorial: Lawmaker proposes stealing $10.5 million from East Bay Regional Park District
Opinion: Fact-based sex-ed helps keep teens safe, healthy “I had hoped for your articles to be the beacon of light to show the way a democracy should work. Instead I am finding hopelessness and unrelenting anger at the outcome and all that has come since.
“… We need intellectuals with a balanced mind to help us go forward. No matter how much we disagree with the direction, we need to be guided the humane way, not the angered way. Anger begets irrational and hateful behaviors. We have enough of that.
“Would you consider helping guide us to be more humane instead of just angry? Journalists have the most amazing influence and I have always felt that way about your words. Please use your words to move us forward. We already know how to be angry.”
I think BP makes an important point. Here's how I replied:
“I've struggled with the issues you raise since November. Frankly, I would love to be a “beacon of light.” But the fact of the matter is, I don't feel particularly hopeful and I am angry. Everything that has happened since January 20th has only reinforced my pessimism.
“I worry for the future of this country in a way I never have before. With the possible exception of the 1850s — the decade preceding the Civil War — we have simply never been this divided. Frankly, I don't know if reconciliation is possible. I'm beginning to wonder if it's even desirable.
“… I think honesty is something every writer — and in particular a writer of personal essays — owes a reader. I could conceivably write the kind of columns you're asking for, but it would be a lie. And I've always believed that at some subliminal level, a reader always knows when he's being lied to.”
BP wants light. But just now, all I have is resistance. And if, reading our exchange, you're struck by my cynicism about reconciliation, you should know, for whatever it's worth, that I'm struck by it, too.
I am, after all, the same guy who once wrote columns denouncing politicians who blithely floated the idea of secession. But that feels like a hundred years ago, before we became this Frankenstein's monster of ill-fitting parts.
America is a story of victory over long odds, a movie where the hero smashes through in the final reel. Our national mythology holds that the worst only happens in other countries. We are spared because we are us. So it's understandable that some of us are sanguine, even now, that we will eventually figure out how to knit those parts back into a functioning and cohesive whole.
But the 12 weeks since January 20th have seen more scandal, international incidents, incompetence, instability, lies and jaw-dropping embarrassments than the previous 12 years combined. America is threatened as it has never been before. And it occurs to me that faith in inevitable salvation is a luxury we can no longer afford.
Whatever comes next, there is nothing predestined about it. If America is to be saved, it won't be because we are us. It won't be because some columnist wrote soothing words. It will be because enough of us decided America was worth fighting for, and did. That's what I've been trying to say.
You may think it alarmist. If that turns out to be the case, I'll be happy — indeed, relieved — to concede the point.
Meantime, I am reminded of what Aristotle said: “The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.” That's always been America's saving truth.
Time for us to decide whether it still is.
Newtown gunman Adam Lanza had the perfect “recipe for mass murder” — a mother who ignored their growing mental-health issues and a school system that let them slip through the...
The father of the fiend who slaughtered 26 children and teachers in the Sandy Hook school massacre after first gunning down their mother is sure their son would have killed...
Despite having already been named head coach at Florida Atlantic, Lane Kiffin had planned to continue as Alabama's offensive coordinator through the College Football Playoff and title game. Those plans changed on Monday.
Alabama announced that it was parting ways with Kiffin ahead of the national title game. The move came as a surprise because it just seemed outrageous to change play callers a week ahead of the title game. On Monday afternoon, Kiffin broke their silence on Twitter.
They posted a graphic that highlighted Bo Scarbrough's record-breaking performance against Washington in the Peach Bowl.
Obviously, the timing of the tweet stands out. Maybe it was scheduled, or perhaps Kiffin was pointing out that Alabama's offense didn't exactly suffer in its 24-7 win.
Just a day earlier, Kiffin had tweeted “#theman” with a photo of Nick Saban, so something obviously changed.
Read more from USA TODAY Sports.
Judging by their stat line, it's safe to say DeAndre Hopkins did not have a good 2016 season. But we know football is more complicated than that, especially for a receiver, who needs a quarterback to be able to get them the ball in order to produce.
With Brock Osweiler playing as poorly as they did during their first and only season in Houston, that was a major problem for the Texans. Hopkins knows this, and they wanted to make sure we all did, too. Even if it meant throwing their former teammate under the bus in the process.
DeAndre Hopkins on Bill O'Brien defending how they played last season: 'A down season? It's a team sport. I did my job.' — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) April 17, 2017
Hopkins didn't name names, but it's not hard to read between the lines. And, in fairness to the Texans receiver, they have only had nice things to say about Osweiler in the past.
It's true, though. Osweiler was bad and dragged Hopkins production down with him. The 24-year-old caught only 78 of their 150 targets for 954 yards and four touchdowns. In 2015, they caught 111 balls for 1,521 yards and 11 touchdowns.
Hopkins wasn't perfect by any means, but there was only so much they could do with Osweiler under-throwing them when they got a step on their defender…
…or not even giving them a chance to make a play…
…or just missing them wide open as they call for the ball…
The bad news for Hopkins is that the Texans' quarterback situation doesn't figure to be any better in 2017 unless the team makes a move in the draft or gives in and signs Jay Cutler. Tom Savage is the presumptive starter and Brandon Weeden is their backup. It could be another tough year for Hopkins.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
LAS VEGAS — The Latest on civil trial involving Las Vegas Strip headliner David Copperfield and a British tourist who claims they were seriously hurt in a fall while taking part in a signature Copperfield illusion in 2013 (all times local):
12:55 p.m.
A judge in Las Vegas has rejected a request by David Copperfield's attorney to declare a mistrial based on the amount of media coverage that a civil negligence lawsuit involving the magician is getting.
Attorney Elaine Fresch complained Tuesday about interviews involving plaintiff Gavin Cox's attorney, Benedict Morelli.
Fresch noted that one interview aired on CBS-TV just hours before proceedings resumed.
Under questioning by Nevada state court Judge Mark Denton, three jurors said they turned off broadcasts when they saw references to the case on the news during a five-day break in the civil trial.
The judge allowed the trial to resume.
Copperfield is testifying about whether they knew of anyone besides Cox who was injured taking part in the magician's audience-volunteer illusion over nearly 20 years they have performed it.
——–
9 a.m.
Las Vegas Strip headliner David Copperfield is due to return to the witness stand in a lawsuit by a British tourist who claims they were seriously hurt in a fall while taking part in one of Copperfield's signature illusions in 2013.
The magician resumes testimony Tuesday after last week revealing secrets behind a trick that appears to make volunteer audience members vanish onstage and appear a few moments later in the back of the theatre.
Plaintiff Gavin Cox of Kent, England, alleges they fell after being hurried by stagehands through an MGM Grand hotel alleyway coated with a powdery residue near a trailer-sized trash bin.
Copperfield's lawyers lost pretrial bids to close proceedings to the public to avoid revealing performance secrets
Cox and their wife are seeking unspecified damages.
Apple is lifting ­the curtain on dozens of new emojis that will roll out over the next several weeks — and one clear focus of the newbie characters is diversity and inclusion.
The new emojis include a woman wearing a headscarf, a woman breastfeeding, gender-neutral individuals and the sign- language symbol for “I love you.”
The tech giant will release the new characters to developers in next week's update to iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad — but it's ­not yet known when the emojis will be available to the public.
Apple has been working to diversify its emoji lineup over the past few years, introducing the option of selecting an emoji's skin tone and adding same-sex couples to its roster.
In addition to increasing representation, Apple is also rolling out some hotly anticipated smiley variations, such as the “shhh” smiley and one whose head is exploding.
The animals section will see its ranks grow with the addition of a hedgehog, cricket and brontosaurus, among other things.
The dragon will no longer be the only mythical creature in the emoji catalog. The update will introduce a wizard, mermaid, vampire and fairy as well.
CSX Corp. turned the tables on an activist investor that threatened a fight for control of the railroad operator's board, revealing the investor's demands and calling for its shareholder to vote on the matter.
The company said it made a written offer last week to hire railroad veteran Hunter Harrison as chief executive and to allow activist investor Paul Hilal to nominate five directors. But the company said talks fell apart over Hilal's demand that CSX CSX, +0.19% reimburse their fund, Mantle Ridge LP, for “exceptionally unusual if not unprecedented” compensation benefits for Harrison.
The company said it would ask shareholders to vote on Harrison's employment terms and Mantle Ridge's reimbursement request at a meeting that hasn't yet been scheduled. They'll also vote on Harrison and Hilal's proposed governance arrangements.
CSX's board doesn't plan to take a side ahead of the vote. After the special meeting, the company will call its normal annual meeting to elect directors.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy (1:31) Professor Richard Thaler, an expert in behavioral economics, talked to MarketWatch about their 'lazy' investing strategy that allows investors to maximize their returns while doing very little.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Mike Flynn's brief White House stint caps contentious career.
Disney severs ties with YouTube star PewDiePie after anti-Semitic posts.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
3:38 We'll be there
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Fall is the season when most of us decide to play with warmer colors for clothing and makeup. But, it seems that this year things are going to be different. All of the Fall 2017 shows are over, and the runway looks gave a lot of fresh fall inspiration. Thanks to the shows we know what to expect for the upcoming season.
Bold and vibrant colors will dominate the makeup for Fall/Winter 2017. Lipsticks will be dark again, including maroon, deep cherry, and plum shades. The biggest trend is going to be the two-toned lips. You can create this look with any two similar lip shades that are based on the same color. It is a very wearable trend that is worth trying.
All of the eyeshadow trends will be fun and colorful. On the runways, you could see fearless blue and yellow lids that drew a lot of attention. This trend is definitely for those who are not afraid to experiment. For the makeup lovers that blindly follow all the latest trends, the neon lids are a must-try. When it comes to eyeliner there are several options. The safest option is to wear a white upper liner. The more interesting ones are, of course, colorful. Instead of wearing a boring black liner, makeup artists suggest you try a vibrant neon pink one.
The eyebrows should not be ordinary. You have two options. The first one is to really accent and embrace your thick, natural brows. The second one is to bleach them.
Feast your eyes on the coolest makeup trends for Fall/Winter 2017.
Rainbow Makeup
Audiences are getting pretty used to waiting around after the end of movies these days, with all sorts of extra scenes, secret gags and hints at what's to come hidden after the credits for the most dedicated viewers to see.
Advertisement
But while we expect these scenes to crop up in superhero movies, particularly Marvel's Cinematic Universe, it's unusual for the Jurassic Park franchise to include one – which is why the singular post-credits scene at the end of Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is so easy to miss if you're not looking out for it.
Look away now if you want to avoid spoilers from the new film, some of which will be given away by the details of the post-credits scene.
Still here? Then you're probably one of the viewers who bravely slogged through the ENTIRETY of the credits to be rewarded with one extra scene. There are no mid-credits scenes to keep you going on this one – you really do have to wait until the last visual effects artist has been honoured onscreen.
Anyway, the post-credits scene picks up where Fallen Kingdom left off, as various dinosaurs escape from captivity and enter the human world for the first time. In the film proper we saw the T. rex squaring off against a lion, velociraptor Blue checking out some hot surburban real estate and the sea-dwelling mososaur getting ready to snack on some Surfer-n-turf – and the post-credits scene drops us in on one other species out in the real world.
The scene opens with a group of pterosaurs, free from both the park and human imprisonment in general, flying around what looks like the top of a skyscraper or radio tower.
As the camera pulls out, however, it quickly becomes clear that they're flapping around the replica Eiffel Tower that sits on the Las Vegas Strip, suggesting that we're either about to see a few flying dinosaurs hit the casinos or witness a surprisingly gory Hangover sequel.
In all seriousness, the scene mainly shows just how far some of the park inhabitants have managed to travel since escaping, and hints at the troubled coexistence human and dinosaurs will have to face in this new, truly Jurassic World.
Arguably, the scene doesn't add much – it isn't really a joke, or a new plot point and could just as easily have been slotted into the film's main montage of dinosaurs entering human society – but let's be honest, at this stage, we'd wait through the credits for just about anything.
Advertisement
Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is in UK cinemas now
Six members of a people smuggling gang from Birmingham are facing jail after two groups of Albanian nationals were found by border officials in car boots.
Two adults and a child were discovered by UK Border Force officials in Coquelles, France, in March 2015, Canterbury Crown Court heard.
Nearly five months later, officers at the same UK control zone found two Albanian men hidden in a car boot.
Investigators linked both smuggling attempts to three people in Birmingham.
'Confined space'
One of these - Eduart Karaj, 39, of Icknield Port Road - pleaded guilty to conspiring to facilitate the commission of a breach of the UK immigration law by a non-EU person.
The other two - Ilir Hani, 44, of Malins Road, and Vullnet Karaj, 41, of Great Colemore Street, also in Birmingham, were convicted of the same offence after a five-day trial.
Lee Anderson, 46, of Titiana Close, who was the driver of the first vehicle stopped, and their passenger Jason Cowley, of Borrowdale Road, Anderson, were both arrested at the scene. They pleaded guilty to the same offence.
Gillian Barker, 47, of Lismore Drive, who was driving the car stopped in August 2015, also pleaded guilty to the offence.
They are all expected to be jailed on 18 September.
Immigration Enforcement Criminal and Financial Investigation assistant director David Fairclough, said: "It is clear that this gang tried to organise these smuggling attempts to line their own pockets and gave little or no thought to the safety of the people, including a child, crammed into a confined space.
"This was a co-ordinated effort by the gang, but our officers worked tirelessly to sift through the evidence that uncovered their criminal enterprise."
On both occasions, the Albanians found in the car boots were handed to the French authorities.
Dramatic climax gives Wingate & Finchley the win over Folkestone Invicta
Wingate & Finchley took on Folkestone Invicta in the Ryman Premier Division Archant
Wingate & Finchley produced a stirring comeback inside the last five minutes to claim a 3-2 win over Folkestone Invicta and end a sequence of three straight defeats.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Substitute Reece Beckles-Richards got the first, hooking the ball over their shoulder from close in after it fell to them from a corner.
And Wingate wrapped up the three points two minutes later through Rob Laney, whose effort was diverted into the net by the Folkestone keeper.
Steve Wales had opened the scoring early in the second half but two Ian Draycott strikes had threatened to steal the result.
The first half always threatened to burst into flames without actually doing it.
Wingate held plenty of the ball but were guilty of gifting possession back to the visitors too often early on.
Spencer McCall had their best chance, bursting into the box from midfield on the end of a Rob Laney knock down. But with cries of shoot echoing in their ears they chose to knock it back across goal and the chance was lost.
Tommy Tiejan-Sie drew a smart save from Tim Roberts in the Invicta goal while at the other end Shane Gore needed their crossbar to help them deny Jordan Wright a goal.
It was the visitors who had the first chance, Joseph Taylor lobbing wide after beating the offside trap.
But it was Wingate who opened the scoring. Ryan Sellars twisted & turned on the left before finding Laney and their low shot was deflected in by Wales at the back post.
Chances came at both ends with Gore making a superb save to deny Folkestone an instant reply when Nathanaiel Banks broke clear and another effort fizzed past the post.
Folkestone were then indebted to a defender on the line as a header from Murphy headed goalwards.
However, there was nothing Gore could do to deny Draycott their first, a beauty bent in from the edge of the area, and it was nother classy finish by the striker to put Invicta in front with 11 minutes to go.
The dramatic climax, coupled with results esewhere lifts the Blues into sixth place in the Ryman League Premier Division, just one place out of the play-offs.
They face league leaders Bognor Regis Town at The Maurice Rebak Stadium on Saturday.
Kick-off is at 3pm.
Wingate & Finchley: Gore, Ifil, Sellars, Young, Cronin, Rifat, Wales, McCall, Pattie (Beckles-Richards 65), Laney, Tejan-Sie
Subs (not used): Abrahams, Obafemi, Dawkins, Sharpe
Goals: Wales 53, Beckles-Richards 85, Laney 87
Folkestone Invicta: Roberts, Davies, Banks, Friend, Chappell, Wright, Hasler (Vincent 83), Cornwell, Draycott, Taylor, Starkey
Subs (not used): Miller, Jellei, Brabham, Sahadow
Goals: Draycott 68, 79
HT: Wingate & Finchley 0 Folkestone Invicta 0
Attendance: 84
Referee: Paul Foster
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Follow @insidefutbol
Russell Martin says it is now crucial that Rangers bounce back against Partick Thistle on Tuesday night after they went down 2-1 at Ibrox against Hibernian.
Goals in either half for Neil Lennon's men earned them their second win at Ibrox this season and left the Gers looking at a six-point gap to second placed Aberdeen, though they do have a game in hand.
Martin, on loan from Norwich City, feels it is now essential that Rangers return to winning ways on Tuesday night when they visit tenth placed Partick Thistle.
Graeme Murty's men would move to within three points of Aberdeen with the win.
" We need to bounce back on Tuesday now, it's a big game for us", Martin told Rangers TV .
"They all are at this football club so it's up to us now to go and show how much we want to get back into that pack and get back into second place."
Martin completed all 90 minutes of the Premiership fixture at Ibrox.
In all, Murty involved all five of their winter window signings at some point in the match with two, Jason Cummings and Greg Docherty, coming on off the bench.
HAMMOND, La. — Eddy Polanco scored seven of their 19 points in the final minute to help Southeastern Louisiana fight off Central Arkansas' comeback bid for an 89-84 win on Saturday night.
Mathieu Kamba, who had a career-high 30 points, slammed home a dunk with 1:48 remaining as Central Arkansas closed to 76-75. Joshua Filmore and Polanco responded with back-to-back 3-pointers to push the advantage to 82-77. Polanco, who finished 11 of 11 from the line, then added four consecutive free throws to seal the win.
The Bears roared out to a 43-35 halftime advantage. Southeastern Louisiana opened the second half on a 17-6 run to go ahead 52-49. The Loins took the lead for good, 63-57, when Polanco scored six straight unanswered points.
Jordan Capps led the Lions (14-10, 8-3 Southland Conference) with 26 points. Filmore added 18 and Moses Greenwood chipped in 13. Marlain Veal had 11 assists and four steals.
Kamba also had 10 rebounds for Central Arkansas (12-12, 6-5). Jordan Howard added 25 points.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The Montgomery County Coroner's Office released the cause of death after a 7-month-old was found dead in a bathtub.
Officers arrived at the apartment in the 2700 block of Wentworth Avenue in Dayton Tuesday, December 5 when they found 7-month-old Ja'Coreyaa Nichols in a bathtub.
READ MORE: 7-month-old found dead in bathtub identified
The coroner released the cause of death which ruled the 7-month-old's death as an accidental drowning.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Czech Republic-based Aero Vodochody and Israel Aerospace Industries have signed a partnership agreement to develop and market an advanced version of the L-159 trainer and light attack aircraft.
Vidochody, the largest Czech aircraft manufacturer and IAI will integrate new state-of-the-art avionics and other solutions on the L-159 platform and will jointly market the aircraft. The two also agreed to integrate IAI's virtual training solutions as part of the L-39NG training system to enhance pilot training.
Financial details of the agreement were not disclosed."Together with IAI, Aero will be ready to offer aircraft with the best available technology. The agreement brings us together with a strong international partner with access to new potential customers,” said Giuseppe Giordo, Aero Vodochody President & CEO.The L-159 is a light multi-role combat aircraft designed for air-to-air, air-to-ground and reconnaissance missions. It has been successfully operated and tested in NATO joint operations and Red Air exercises, as well as real combat missions.The aircraft already has several systems by IAI subsidiaries, including state-of-the-art multi-mode IAI (Elta) radar for all-weather, day and night operations and optional IAI Real Time Tactical combat proven Data Link supporting a high capability of Situational Awareness presentation. It can also carry a wide range of NATO standards stores including air-to-air and air-to-ground missiles and laser guided bombs."The cooperation with Aero Vodochody opens up new and exciting opportunities by combining the impressive proven performance of the L-159 with new innovative IAI systems to provide customers with aircraft that meet their future requirements,” said Joseph Weiss, Israel Aerospace Industries President & CEO.While ties between the Czech Republic and Israel have not always been close, Prague was crucial in the establishment of the Jewish State and was its major arms supplier, providing almost 35 thousand rifles, pistols, machine guns, mortars, ammunitions, bombs and 25 Avia S-199 fighter jets to the fledgling IDF.Czech Defense Minister Martin Stropnicky said last year that Prague would spend some $7.1 billion over the next 10 years to upgrade the country's armed forces, and in June of last year, the Czech Republic announced that it would be sending a new attache for defense industries to Tel Aviv in charge or research, development and purchasing in the defense ministry.Nonetheless, last month Prague put on hold a NIS 500 million deal with IAI/ELTA systems for eight new 3D mobile air defense radars to cover the country.Defense Minister Karla Slechtova was quoted by local media as saying that the documents for the acquisition of the radars had not been approved by the Czech National Cyber and Information Security Agency, therefore making it impossible to integrate them with NATO infrastructure.“I will not accept such a major and dangerous order without connecting [the radars] to NATO,” Slechtova was quoted by local news site Novinky.cz as saying.The eight ELM-2084 multi-mission radar (MMR) systems allow for the monitoring, tracking and interception of several airborne projectiles simultaneously at an altitude between 100 meters to 3,000 meters (330 to 10,000 feet) and cover a wide area of about 250 kilometers.The ELM-2084 MMR system was expected to be delivered no later than 2021 to replace obsolete Soviet-made radars that the Czech military received in 1991.
SAN MATEO — San Mateo police are investigating the burglary of multiple vehicles, and plan to increase patrols in those areas affected.
On Monday, San Mateo Police Department received multiple calls involving 14 vehicles near Ottawa Street and Trollman Avenue, which had their windows smashed and items such as electronics, money and bags stolen. Similar incidents were also recorded in the areas of Flores and Ivy Streets at 4th Avenue on the west side of San Mateo
The San Mateo Police Department urges the community to continue to protect themselves by not leaving their valuables in their vehicles, even if the vehicle is parked in your driveway. If your vehicle is burglarized — even if nothing is taken — police recommend you call the station immediately. Police say, this helps to identify crime trends and allows them to take a proactive approach in the targeted areas.
Call 911 if a crime is in progress or 650-522-7700 to report a crime that took place. Anyone with information regarding these crimes is encouraged to contact the San Mateo Police Department. Tips can be left anonymously at: http://tinyurl.com/SMPDTips or by calling the SMPD Secret Witness Line at 650-522-7676.
Police are also asking that if you have surveillance equipment or a camera that captures the exterior of your business and/or home, please register it on the City of San Mateo website using the San Mateo NEST-Neighborhood Eyes Security Team at www.tinyurl.com/SMPDNest.
Motherwell is set to host a new music festival which aims to promote the best local musicians and some of Scotland's hottest emerging talent.
Motherwell Makes Music will take place over the weekend of March 17-19 at The Electric Bar, JD's Bar, Starka and The Railway Tavern.
Dozens of bands have already signed up and organiser Derek Watson hopes it will become an annual event.
Derek, the bassist in Motherwell band The Banter Thiefs, said: “This is something I've been thinking about for a long time as there isn't much opportunity for bands to perform locally, or for those from further afield to play in the town.
“Initially I thought we would have about 20 bands performing, but so many have got in touch asking to be involved there will be a lot more than that, which so many genres covered from rock to hip-hop, they added.
“If Uddingston can arrange a week-long music festival, then surely we must be able to pull it off in Motherwell, and get a bit of a buzz going about the Lanarkshire scene once again.
“Of course everyone knows the success the likes of Teenage Fanclub, BMX Bandits, Mogwai and The Delgados have had, but that is now a different generation so there needs to be an opportunity for today's musicians to shine. We have a great line-up already with more to be announced, and I hope the Motherwell public will come out to the gigs and we can make this an annual date on the calendar.”
Among the bands who have signed up are: Bloodlines, A Sudden Burst of Colour, ULTRAS, The Banter Thiefs, Holy Pistol Club, The Vistas, Foggy City Orphan, Dogtooth, Pyramids, Mesmerene, Caulder, The Austins, The Un-Romantics, The Ranzas, Homeward James, Tommy McGuire.
We'll reveal who is playing where and when along with interviews with some the bands involved in the coming weeks.
Tickets to each gig will be £6, but click here to buy an early bird wristband that will get you access to them all.
7 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Wigan Warriors chairperson Ian Lenagan has insisted that Super League has to earn the right to see the World Club Series back up to at least a three-game competition ahead of the third edition of the competition this weekend.
Super League sides are yet to win a game from six attempts since the competition was expanded at the start of 2015, with two 3-0 whitewashes for the NRL.
A lack of interest from Australian sides to come over and compete this year meant only two teams – Brisbane and NRL champions Cronulla – have travelled to face Warrington and Wigan respectively.
And Lenagan insisted on Tuesday that, ahead of Wigan's World Club Challenge match against the Sharks this weekend, Super League has to show it can hold its own against their Australian counterparts.
“I think we have to earn the right to play more games. The fact that we have lost six in a row is our fault, it is not the NRL's fault,” they said.
“What is the point of expanding something that has not been successful? In that respect I am pleased it is only back to two games.
Lenagan also echoed comments from senior Wigan players who said that they are representing Super League as a whole this weekend – and said that it is about time an English side chalked up a win.
“The pull of the big teams in Australia is very strong but we have got to win first and that is Wigan's objective on Sunday.
“It is time we won it. Sunday is important, it is crucial for us to measure how we have improved.
“There would absolutely be more appetite for this competition if we win this weekend which is why Sunday is so important.”
Concord Cox Mill's Rechon “Leaky” Black scored 23 points with 11 rebounds, six assists and four steals in Friday's conference championship-clinching 97-54 win over Concord Robinson. Davie Hinshaw dhinshaw@charlotteobserver.com
Follow @insidefutbol
Italian giants Inter are looking at potentially signing out-of-favour Manchester City defender Eliaquim Mangala.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has made clear that Mangala is not in their plans going forward and the centre-back's representatives have been looking for solutions for their client.
They have been linked with Italian champions Juventus, but it is Inter who are now looking closely at an agreement to sign the Frenchman.
Intermediaries working on the deal have been in talks with Inter and, according to Italian outlet Tutto Mercato, the Serie A side have been assessing signing Mangala on a season-long loan deal with a purchase option ready to activate if they impress.
The 26-year-old was also on loan away from the Citizens last season, spending the campaign in Spain with Valencia.
About two years ago, the NHL officially announced that their would be an expansion team in Las Vegas. The news was met with just as much enthusiasm as it was skepticism. Yes, the Vegas market was hungry for a pro team, but would another NHL team really flourish in the desert? After all, they'd tried it before with the Arizona Coyotes and look how that turned out.
Many people were skeptical, especially me, but the Vegas experiment has proved to be an NHL expansion success that hasn't been seen in decades. I was certain it was doomed to fail.
It is the law of hot take writing that you must be willing to eat your words when the occasion calls for it. I don't regret having written that column, but I'm also thrilled to be proven wrong.
What's happening in Vegas now is something no one could have or did predict. The team's on-ice success is something many, many people have tried to explain but everyone seems to fall a little short. Whether you attribute it to the Vegas Flu, shrewd roster construction, or to a team of castoffs playing with a chip on their shoulder, it's clear that the team's success isn't just a fluke of luck or timing.
The Golden Knights started setting records at the start of the season and they haven't really stopped. The won 15 out of their first 22 games, making them the fastest first-year team in NHL history to reach that benchmark. By February 1, they set an NHL record for most wins by a team in its inaugural season, with 34 victories, and they still had a third of the season left to play. Not only did the Knights become the first expansion team to make the playoffs since 1979-80, they ended up winning the Pacific Division. It's been a meteoric rise that has quickly captured the heart of the city and it came when they desperately needed something good to believe in.
As Vegas steamrolled through their first playoff series and swept the Los Angeles Kings, my Twitter mentions started to ding with Vegas citizens pointing out my column from two years ago. Some were pleasantly gloating, some were frustrated that I overlooked their enthusiasm for a sports team, but the majority of people wanted to share what made them so proud to be Vegas residents.
You underestimated us was the message. Just like many NHL teams had initially underestimated the Golden Knights.
“Every commentary on why Vegas' team was doomed made the same fundamental mistake – no one thinks real people actually live here,” said Jennifer Carleton, a 47-year-old attorney who has lived in Vegas for the past 11 years. “Yes, there are a lot of tourists. But we have teachers and pharmacists too. We are a real city, one with a ton of pride.”
For a long time, people were looking for something to channel all that pride into. In the 90s they rallied around UNLV, but it wasn't the same as this.
“People don't consider us a real city,” said JC Martin, a marketing executive in the area who runs a website dedicated to happenings around the city. Martin had maybe watched a handful of NHL games before, but now considers themselves a huge Knights fan. “There's real people here and we've been waiting for a team to root for. The Knights have become about something that's more than just sports.”
For a lot of fans, the Knights have been essential to building a sense of community for residents who have longed for something to connect them.
Dave Nadkarni, who moved to the city seven years ago from Utah, now considers Vegas is home. Nadkarni was a casual hockey fan who rooted for the Los Angeles Kings before the Knights came to town.
“Now, I talk about hockey with everyone. I know it's a little thing, but you can talk about hockey with people waiting in line at the store, or just wave to someone wearing a jersey. We all have that in common now.”
The Golden Knights' home opener came less than a week after a gunman opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival, killing 58 people. For people outside the city, the mass shooting has pushed back into our national consciousness, but the citizens of Vegas face daily reminders of the tragedy and haven't had the luxury of forgetting.
“Everyone has someone, or knows someone who knows someone who has a connection to the shooting,” Nadkarni said. “It's painful and we live with it every day, but we're also trying to move forward.”
Unprompted, everyone who I spoke to or emailed with brought up the events of October 1 as a turning point.
“I lost a friend in the massacre,” Vegas resident Travis Turner wrote. “But, additionally I felt that our city collapsed. The city that sounded busy was silent. For days people would barely speak. You could hear a pin drop on the freeway. Not a single horn honked. People rightfully so fell into a depression, a loss of hope.”
As sports often do, the Golden Knights have proved a way to rise above the tragedy and have been essential to helping the city recover emotionally from a horrendous act of terrorism.
“Having the team in this city during 1 October created a bond for all of us,” said Dena duBoef-Roth, a native Las Vegan who runs special events for boxing fans. “None of these guys were from Las Vegas, except for one, yet they became one of us. They were not an just NHL expansion team. They were our team.”
Many pointed to the catharsis of Knights home opener on October 6, which paid tribute to the victims of the shooting and all the first responders in an emotional pregame ceremony.
Michael Lange, a middle school teacher, was at home watching the tribute.
“It was a real rallying point for the city,” they said. “The entire ride has been amazing, but it all started with that opening ceremony and how they became a part of the community right away.”
It was the same for Turner.
“I felt a sigh of relief. What just felt like an eternity of hopelessness 5 days earlier quickly turned around and I felt Las Vegas' heart beat start to beat faster, and stronger. That night in the T-Mobile Arena we built a sense of community that I had never felt before,” they said.
The Knights have been able to provide people with a much-needed escape during a trying time. Among This is Angela Stolte, a registered nurse who works the night shift in the trauma ward a UMC, the only Level 1 Trauma Center in Nevada. They were working the night of the shooting.
“I remember the first word of an active, maybe multiple active shooters, on the Strip and minutes later the victims flooded in,” they wrote in an email. “I still can't put to words all the thoughts and feelings of that night and the days and weeks that followed. The outpouring support from all over the world, but what truly surprised me most, was how our city came together.”
Stolte has lived in Vegas for over 20 years, and going to Knights games has provided an escape from what they called “Trauma Brain.”
It wasn't just the home opener that mattered, people saw and connected to the actions of the players who have been a strong and growing presence in the community throughout the season.
“It's awesome to see them around, helping people, volunteering, they're just great guys.” Lange said.
Because the players were quick to embrace Vegas as their own, people were quick to embrace them right back. In a way, they see themselves in the players.
“We are good, really good, the best at making people feel welcome,” Carleton said. “People who, I don't know, were let go by their last job or their last team. We don't judge. That's what makes this city and the people in it so great.”
For most of the fans, the fact that the Knights have been playing wonderful hockey is just an added bonus. It's the feeling they create that seems to have the most impact. For Jessica Meyer, the sense of community the Knights provided was the last piece missing for them
“I love Las Vegas too much to leave it and now the Knights have completed my city,” they said.
The influx of events that had to came together to make Vegas one of the greatest sports stories of the year can't be replicated, but what the team provides is more than just sports. The Knights have made a real community for fans, provided a pathway to healing and helped a city bursting with local pride channel it for others to see.
“We always hope they'll win,” Martin said. “But even if they don't, we still love them. They're still our team.”
A COUNTY Limerick man who struck another man across the head knocking them unconscious was identified after gardai found their profile on Facebook, a court has heard.
Paul Kiely, aged 29, of Main Street, Herbertstown has pleaded guilty to assaulting the man at Upper Henry Street in the city on October 13, 2015.
Garda David Barry told Limerick Circuit Court gardai were alerted to the incident near the front door of the Quick Pick store shortly after 10pm.
On arrival, gardai observed a 22-year old man “laid out on the ground” and quickly established that they had been knocked unconscious after they sustained a punch to the head short time earlier.
Witnesses described how the culprit had driven off in a silver Audi TT car.
While the motivation for the assault has not been definitively identified, gardai believe Mr Kiely, who according to witnesses was drunk, may have reacted to a comment which they believed related to a woman who was with him.
Judge Tom O'Donnell was told CCTV footage of the incident shows the defendant leaving the store before turning back and running “straight at” the victim as they were leaving the store.
“He hit them with a punch, stood on their head and walked away”, said Garda Barry who agreed the whole incident lasted for less than a minute.
Michael Collins BL, said their client – an accomplished boxer and qualfified electrician – had never been on the garda radar prior to the incident and that they have not come to their attention since. They said what happened on the night was “totally out of character” for Mr Kiely who they said had placed the injured man in the recovery position before leaving the area.
“This a decent young man who made a serious error in judgment,” they said adding that they accept they are lucky the injuries they inflicted were not more serious.Adjourning the matter to October, Judge O'Donnell said they are keeping all their options open.
DENVER — Americans think it's safer to use marijuana than opioids to relieve pain, but they were less comfortable with children and pregnant women using pot to treat medical conditions, according to a new Yahoo/Marist poll released Monday.
Two-thirds of the respondents in the telephone survey said opioid drugs such as Vicodin or OxyContin are “riskier” to use than pot, even when the pain pills are prescribed by a doctor.
Only one in five said marijuana was riskier than opioids. The rest weren't sure.
Every day, an overdose of prescription opioids or heroin kills 91 people, and legions more are brought back from the brink of death. Some 2 million Americans are thought to be hooked on the pills.
Last month, President Donald J. Trump appointed an opioid commission to look into the problem.
Marijuana by itself is not fatal. Doctors technically don't prescribe it for pain or other purposes but most states that allow medical marijuana do require patients to get a doctor's written recommendation to purchase it to treat their conditions.
Among those answering the Yahoo/Marist poll, 83 percent said the drug should be legal nationally for medical treatment.
But 70 percent said it is not acceptable for pregnant women to use marijuana to reduce nausea or pain. And the survey respondents were about evenly divided on whether marijuana should be recommended for children if it were legal.
The survey respondents were deeply divided on how Trump should approach pot: 38 percent said they shouldn't be as tough about enforcing federal laws against recreational pot use as President Barack Obama, whose policy generally was to leave states alone.
Another 30 percent said Trump should take a harder line than Obama, while the rest weren't sure or said Trump should treat it about the same as Obama did.
Trump's administration has sent mixed messages to the 28 states and Washington, D.C., in violation of federal drug law when it comes to pot.
Trump said as a candidate that states should be allowed to tinker with marijuana laws. But new U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said marijuana is dangerous and marijuana changes by states should not be allowed.
There has been no action yet by the U.S. Justice Department or any other federal agencies to crack down on states violating the Controlled Substances Act, which bans pot for any use.
The Yahoo/Marist telephone poll of 1,122 adults was conducted last month and had a margin of error of plus or minus 2.9 percentage points.
Two men are in a critical condition following an explosion inside a North Lanarkshire building.
Emergency services, including an air ambulance and trauma team, were sent to the scene in Bonkle Road, Newmains, at about 1.30pm yesterday.
The men were taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary for treatment to serious injuries.
It is thought the injured men were part of a team of four working to remove asbestos from the pastoral centre when the explosion happened.
Nearby properties were evacuated as a precaution and an investigation has been launched into the cause of the explosion with gas engineers and the Health and Safety Executive.
However, the police confirmed there are no suspicious circumstances.
Whitby District Lions presented a generous donation of £1,000 to Marcus Clarkson from Eskmouth Scout Group (Whitby).
The donation will be used by the scouts to help support the group's ongoing day-to-day costs.
Stephen McGivern, a spokesperson for the Eskmouth Scout Group (Whitby), said they recently gave a presentation to the Lions about the great work that the Scouts do.
They explained further about the ongoing costs of running the Scout Halls in both Whitby and Sleights, of which building insurance is a considerable expense.
Mr McGivern told the Whitby Gazette: “As a small local charity with limited resources, this is a very significant outgoing and following the meeting with the Lions I had hoped for a small donation to aid with the costs of the group.
“I was overwhelmed with gratitude when I received the news of the donation.
“I have been the treasurer for the scouts for 15 years and I have never received such a significant amount.”
Eskmouth Scouts consists of 90 girls and boys who enjoy many activities which involve serving the community, encouraging teamwork, respect and learning many essential outdoor skills.
The cheque was presented in Whitby at the scouts' pig racing evening, where much fun and friendly competitive fundraising was had by all.
Whitby District Lions raises thousands of pounds throughout the year which is in turn donated to many local charities and good causes.
LAS VEGAS (AP) UNLV has hired Desiree Reed-Francois as its next athletic director, making them the first Hispanic female AD at the Football Bowl Subdivision.
Reed-Francois' hiring, announced Monday, will be effective June 1. They replace Tina Kunzer-Murphy, who is stepping down at the end of the academic school year to work for the UNLV Foundation.
The 45-year-old Reed-Francois has been the deputy athletic director at Virginia Tech since 2014 and was the interim athletic director at Cincinnati for five months earlier that year. They spent two years as senior associate athletic director at Cincinnati and has a nearly two-decade sports administration career with stops in Tennessee, Fresno State, Santa Clara, San Jose State, California and San Francisco.
Reed-Francois was a rower while attending UCLA.
Image copyright Met Police Image caption Serena Alexander-Benson left the UK on a Eurotunnel train at Folkestone on 25 May, police said
A 13-year-old girl who went missing from London has been found in Poland with their mother, police have said.
Serena Alexander-Benson was last seen by their father leaving their home in Wimbledon at about 07:50 BST on Friday.
They left the UK on a Eurotunnel train then travelled by car to Poland with a Polish friend of their mother, police said.
Officers are establishing whether any offences have been committed. A European Arrest Warrant was not issued.
The Met Police said officers had now been told by the National Crime Agency that the Polish authorities have confirmed Serena is with their mother in Poland.
When leaving their home on 25 May, Serena had told their father they were going to school, but they did not arrive.
By Vernon Silver | Bloomberg News
President Donald Trump twice gave James Comey an alibi for why a salacious report about the 2013 Miss Universe pageant in Moscow couldn't be true: They never even spent the night in Russia during that trip, Trump told the former FBI director, according to Comey's memos about the conversations.
Yet the broad timeline of Trump's stay, stretching from Friday, Nov. 8, 2013, through the following Sunday morning, has been widely reported. And it's substantiated by social media posts that show they slept in Moscow the night before the Miss Universe contest.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Now, flight records obtained by Bloomberg provide fresh details. Combined with existing accounts and Trump's own social-media posts, they capture two days that, nearly five years later, loom large in the controversy engulfing the White House and at the heart of the Comey memos, which the Justice Department turned over last week to Congress.
Neither the White House nor Trump Organization immediately responded to requests for comment.
According to Comey's accounts of their 2017 meetings with the president, Trump said the Moscow trip was so quick that their head never hit a pillow — even for one night. Trump fired Comey on May 9, 2017.
The first denial came over dinner at the White House in late January 2017. “He said they arrived in the morning, did events, then showered and dressed for the pageant at the hotel,” and then left for the event, Comey wrote. “Afterwards, they returned only to get their things because they departed for New York by plane that same night.”
On the second occasion in February 2017, Trump “explained, as they did at our dinner, that they hadn't stayed overnight in Russia during the Miss Universe trip,” Comey wrote.
A reconstruction of events shows the future U.S. president's journey to Moscow began in North Carolina, where they attended a birthday tribute to evangelist Billy Graham on Thursday, Nov. 7, 2013. While flight records show Trump's own Cessna jet headed back to New York that night from Asheville, North Carolina, Trump themselves apparently wasn't aboard.
Instead, Trump flew to Moscow on a Bombardier Global 5000 private jet owned by Phil Ruffin, their partner in the Trump International Hotel and Tower in Las Vegas, the New York Times reported in January 2017. Trump's use of Ruffin's jet is also reported in the newly published book, “Russian Roulette: The Inside Story of Putin's War on America and the Election of Donald Trump,” by Michael Isikoff and David Corn.
The jet — tail number N443PR — had flown from Las Vegas to Asheville on Nov. 6, according to the flight records that Bloomberg purchased from FlightAware, an aviation data company. The flight records don't say who was aboard the jet, which took off from Asheville at 9:15 p.m. on Thursday, Nov. 7, bound for Moscow's Vnukovo International Airport.
The Bombardier jet landed in Moscow on Friday, Nov. 8, at a time unspecified in the records. From Vnukovo airport, it's less than an hour's drive to the Ritz-Carlton hotel, where Trump stayed, according to the pageant's host, developer Aras Agalarov.
Trump surfaced online later that day in a Facebook post by the restaurant Nobu Moscow. That night they attended a birthday party for Agalarov.
The next day, Saturday, Nov. 9, Facebook posts showed Trump at the Ritz during the day, and in the afternoon they tweeted that he'd gotten a tour of Moscow. That evening, they attended the Miss Universe pageant, followed by an after-party whose scheduled start time was 1 a.m. — by that time, Sunday, Nov. 10. American rock band Panic! at the Disco, which had performed at the pageant, put on a second set for the 1,200 after-party attendees.
At this point, the flight records support a narrow slice of what Trump told Comey: On the night of the pageant itself, the plane Trump was said to be using didn't fully overnight in Russia. Ruffin's Bombardier took off from Vnukovo airport at 3:58 a.m. Moscow time, the records show.
When the jet touched down at Newark Liberty International Airport, just outside New York City, it was still Sunday morning — 4:11 a.m. local time. That evening, Trump tweeted about their return, “I just got back from Russia-learned lots & lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place!”
Bloomberg's Justin Sink and Shahien Nasiripour contributed.
ALL three Limerick sides suffered defeat on the third day of competition at the SFAI Kennedy Cup on Wednesday at UL.
The Limerick Desmond Schoolboy League suffered a 2-0 defeat to the Cork League in their well-attended quarter-final fixture.
The Desmond trailed 1-0 at half-time after Rob Walsh fired the Leesiders in front from a free-kick.
Desmond keeper Ethan Hurley, of Newcastle West, produced a terrific penalty save mid-way through the second half to keep the score at 1-0.
However, Cork made sure of victory when Alan Nagle netted their side's second goal from close range.
Desmond will now we involved in the 5th-8th place play-offs. The West Limerick side takes on Kildare in their Plate semi-final at 12.30pm on Thursday.
Meanwhile, both the Limerick District and Limerick County lost their play-off games after nail-biting penalty shoot-outs.
Limerick District went down 7-6 on penalties to the Dundalk League after the sides finished 1-1 at full-time.
Aisling Annacotty's Adam Cummins fired the Limerick District into a first half lead, before Emmanuel Ackgboyega equalised for the Co Louth side before the interval.
Limerick District are now involved in the battle for 13th-16th places overall and will take on the Wicklow League in the Bowl at 12.30pm on Thursday.
The Limerick County Schoolboy League suffered a frustrating 5-4 defeat on penalties to the Mayo League in their Trophy play-off game.
The game had finished 0-0 at full-time.
Limerick County, who are involved in the play-offs to decide places 29-32, face the West Waterford-East Cork League at 10.30am on Thursday.
LIMERICK DESMOND KENNEDY CUP: Joey Rushe (AK Utd); Gary Sheehan (AK Utd); Conor Arthur (AK Utd); Jack O'Connor (AK Utd); Ethan Hurley (Newcastlewest AFC); Oisin Enright (Newcastlewest AFC) Leon Barry (Newcastlewest AFC); Jack O'Connor (Newcastlewest AFC); Ciarain O'Sullivan (Broadford Utd); Thomas Curran (Broadford Utd); Rob Szebeni (Broadford Utd); Kenny Lynch (Broadford Utd); Niall O'Connor (Shannonside); Jake Power (Shannonside); David O'Shaughnessy (Askeaton); Oran Kelly (Pallaskenry); Sean Ryan (Kilcoleman); Mike Molloy (Ballingarry); Jack Molloy (Ballingarry); Zach Behan (GB Rovers). Manager: John Fennessy (Shannonside); Coaches: Ed Gallagher (Ballysteen); Ray Lynch (Broadford Utd); Eunan McDaid (Shannonside); Goalkeeper Coach: Franny Walshe (AK United).
LIMERICK DISTRICT KENNEDY CUP: Elvis Uzondu Duruji (Regional Utd); Kai Joyce (Limerick FC); Ronan O'Dwyer (Caherdavin Celtic); Conor Keane (Fairview Rangers); Wassiou Ayawe (Limerick FC); Josh Quinlivan (Limerick FC); Gary O'Halloran (Limerick FC); Jake Prendergast (Limerick FC); Riain O'Connell (Fairview Rangers); Fionn O'Dwyer (Regional Utd); Josh Twomey (Fairview Rangers); Ger Quaid (Limerick FC); Eoin Guilfoyle (Newport); Josh Shinners (Limerick FC); Eoghan Burke (Aisling Annacotty); Cian Fitzgerald (Caherdavin Celtic); Adam Cummins (Aisling Annacotty); Andri Haxhiji (Limerick FC); Cillian O'Shea (Fairview Rangers); James Killian (Mungret Regional); Management: Head of Delegation: Paddy Murphy; Manager: Declan EarlsCoach; Sean Maloney; Coach: Declan Considine; Coach: Alan Mitchell; Physio; Jimmy McNamara.
LIMERICK COUNTY KENNEDY CUP: Finn Clancy (Holycross); Sean O'Neill (Kilmallock); Tiernan Hanley (Charleville); Diarmuid Looby (Cullen); Eoin McGrath (Kilfrush); Ben Murphy (Cullen); David Curtin (Herbertstown); Conor Hanlon (Charleville); Jay Ryan (Murroe); Kyle Tierney (Holycross); Stephen Walsh (Charleville); Seanie Herr (Charleville); Jake Quirke (Charleville); Zach McCarthy (Kilbehenny); Ciaran Kennedy (Cappamore); Paddy Kennedy (Galbally); Darragh O'Brien (Cullen); Harry Fox (Herbertstown); Noah Patterson (Holycross); Andrew Kearns (Herbertstown) Management: Head of Delegation: Dave Shanahan (Charleville); Manager: Ray Ryan (Murroe); Head Coach: Shane Ryan (Cappamore); Coach: Eoghan O'Donnell (Knockainey)
By BRIAN MAHONEYAP Basketball Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - The Brooklyn Nets own two first-round draft picks, though not the one that has a 25 percent chance of being No. 1 overall.
They have money to spend in free agency, if they want to go that route.
So there are ways to upgrade the worst team in the NBA.
They just won't rush it.
"Listen, I know we have big strides to make and 20 wins, not enough. It's not good enough for any of us, but I do think we're going to reap the benefits of going through this struggle," coach Kenny Atkinson said Monday.
The Nets finished 20-62 in their first season under Atkinson, getting most of those victories during the final two months of the season. It was expected to be a rough season and it was, as they undertake a rebuilding process under general manager Sean Marks after years of sometimes reckless spending that never brought them close to a championship.
They won't get near one anytime soon, either. Marks used the work "strategically" about a half-dozen times Monday in their season-ending news conference to describe the way they will build the team.
The easiest chance for an immediate score in a promising draft is long gone, because the Nets have to swap picks with Boston as they're continuing paying for the trade that landed them Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett. So the Celtics will have no worse than the No. 4 pick in the draft.
But the Nets do have the Celtics' pick and acquired Washington's during the season, giving them two selections later in the first round.
"I like having two picks, that's for sure," Marks said. "I think it just gives us another swing at it."
Beyond that, the Nets could try to sign a veteran star to become the headliner of the team, but that doesn't sound like the plan.
"I think we've got to really evaluate the roster and if you go after one of the top-tier guys, you obviously would hope to get them - you hope to get all your targets that you go for - but does that really make you better? Does it get you to 30 wins, 35 wins?" Marks said.
"The objective here is for us to be in the playoffs. When that comes, we'll have to wait and see, but you don't want to go and sign free agents and next thing your payroll is capped out and so forth and you're a 25-win team."
Nets executives are bound this week for Europe, where they will meet with Russian owner Mikhail Prokhorov and do some scouting. The makeup of the roster for next season seems wide open beyond point guard Jeremy Lin, with center Brook Lopez perennial trade bait even as they adapted their game well this season to fit Atkinson's offense.
Prokhorov, who once longed to win a championship within five years, now seems on board with a gradual rebuild.
It took time to get the Nets into the situation they're in, and they're prepared to take time to get out.
"Obviously the losses weren't easy but I did understand, I think we understood what we're getting into and I know in the long run that the adversity that we had to face, it's almost like you deserve to face that," Atkinson said.
"So I kind of like that process and looking back on it, having to fight through some tough times, I think that's going to make us better in the long run. But I know it's one foot in front of the other."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Everything you need to know about buying tickets for this year's Championship
Summer's here, and with it comes tennis season. Many viewers will experience Wimbledon with a bowl of strawberries and cream in front of the TV set, but for spectators hoping to grab a coveted seat at one of the live matches, here's everything you need to know about buying a ticket for Wimbledon 2018.
Advertisement
Can I still buy Wimbledon tickets?
There are a number of ways you can get your hands on a Wimbledon ticket. Aside from purchasing long-term debenture tickets, which are a little out of most of our price ranges, costing on average between £13,700 to £50,000, there are a few options available. You can enter the ballot, turn up on the day and queue, or attempt to purchase the day before.
However, remember that Wimbledon tickets are notoriously sought-after, so there are no guarantees.
For full information on how to buy Wimbledon tickets click here
How do I enter the Wimbledon ballot?
The ballot for Wimbledon 2018 is closed, but it's worth bearing in mind ahead of next year's tournament. Traditionally oversubscribed, the ballot, which was first introduced in 1924, usually opens in September and closes on December 31st. From February onwards you'll be notified about whether you've been successful.
There's also an Overseas Ballot for non-UK applicants. Click here for more details about the ballot.
How does the queue work?
Unlike many major sporting events, you can still buy tickets for Wimbledon on the day, expect for the last four days on Centre Court (which includes the Wimbledon final). There are limited tickets for Centre Court, No1 Court and No2 Court, so it's definitely worth the wait.
When you arrive you'll be given a Queue Card, showing the time you arrived and your position in the queue. If you get lucky, you'll need it for entry to the grounds, so don't lose it!
What time do I need to turn up to queue at Wimbledon?
Hopefuls often camp and queue overnight! They are then woken up by flight attendants at around 6am, in order to make room for others who are turning up, before those near the front of the queue will be handed out tickets for the Show Courts at 7:30am.
If you're queueing for ground passes, it's advised that you turn up at least a few hours before the grounds open at 10:30am.
Advertisement
Wimbledon 2018 kicks off on Monday 2nd July, and runs for a full fortnight until Sunday 15th July. In the UK, live TV coverage is shown on the BBC
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SAN FRANCISCO – Jarrett Parker emerged from the indoor cage, with perspiration dotting their forehead and a smile on their face.
Parker was enthusiastic about how they have felt while swinging the bat the past few days. Three months after fracturing their collarbone in a collision with the left field wall, Parker said they are finally able to get extension and hit with authority. They said they are almost ready to face competitive pitching.
He'd better be. The first one he'll face is Madison Bumgarner.
Parker will travel with the Giants on their road trip after Wednesday's homestand finale and they will be among the hitters to stand in against Bumgarner when the left-hander throws a simulated game over the weekend at Coors Field.
Giants manager Bruce Bochy said that Bumgarner threw all their pitches in a mound session on Wednesday. The simulated game is the next step. (They will schedule it for Friday or Saturday, depending on how Bumgarner is feeling.)
Parker then will travel from Denver to start a minor league rehab assignment that should last for a couple weeks as they seek to get their timing back at the plate.
—
The Giants continued to await word on Hunter Strickland's suspension appeal. Bochy said they would be very surprised if the league did not issue a ruling by the end of the day Wednesday.
Strickland pitched on Tuesday with the thought that they would be able to begin their suspension on Wednesday.  They are hoping to have the penalty reduced from six games.
In the meantime, the Giants are preparing to play a man short in the bullpen at the most inconvenient possible time – a four-game series at Coors Field against the NL West-leading Rockies.
Bochy said the club is “in a box” because they cannot replace Strickland on the roster and already are down to a four-man bench. So they cannot call up a reliever to take the place of a position player.
Strickland's suspension is also keeping Conor Gillaspie off the roster. The Giants are ready to activate them from the disabled list because their back has improved, but there isn't a roster spot for him.
—
Joe Panik (sprained thumb) returns to the lineup after missing four games He'll try to help the Giants finish 2-3 on this brief homestand against the Twins and Royals:
CF Span, 3B Nuñez, 1B Belt, C Posey, SS Crawford, RF Pence, 2B Panik, LF Slater, RHP Cueto
2B Merrifield, RF Bonifacio, CF Cain, 1B Hosmer, 3B Moustakas, SS Escobar, LF Gordon, C Butera, RHP Hammel
The five state propositions on the primary election ballot are snoozers, but they do make enough sense to deserve passage.
One undermines a specious argument against the state gas-tax increase that opponents are trying to repeal in the November general election.
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
All the measures were put on the ballot by the Legislature. I'll get to the other four later.
Proposition 69 is a precursor to the fall gas-tax fight. The measure would make it a violation of the state Constitution for Sacramento politicians to do what gas tax opponents claim they habitually do: rob the highway repair kitty for non-transportation projects.
Actually, the main reason the Republican Party and GOP members of Congress are bankrolling the gas tax repeal is to draw conservative voters to the polls in November. They're trying to save Republican congressional seats in California that are being targeted by Democrats. At stake is control of the U.S. House.
Gov. Jerry Brown, the most outspoken advocate of the gas tax, calls the repeal effort “stupid” and “nothing more than a Republican stunt to get a few of their losers returned to Congress.”
Proposition 69 simply says that all revenue raised from last year's legislation to fund transportation projects must, in fact, be spent on transportation.
Specifically the measure locks up a 4 percent sales tax on diesel and a new annual vehicle fee ranging from $25 to $175, depending on a car's worth. That represents 38 percent of the total $5.2 billion raised annually by the legislation.
The other 62 percent is already constitutionally protected from pilferers. It includes a 12-cent-per-gallon gas-tax increase and a 20-cent hike in diesel. Starting in 2020, there'll also be a $100 annual fee on electric cars because they escape gas taxes.
Here's how it's to be divvied up: 65 percent for roads and bridges, 20 percent for transit, a portion for truck access around ports and some for bicycle and pedestrian lanes.
The California Transportation Commission has already approved $9.2 billion for various projects, and roughly 4,500 are underway. There's an estimated backlog of about $140 billion in needed state and local road repairs.
Sure, not all the tax increase money will be spent on highway repairs. Some will go for transit and — much less — for bicycle lanes. But that eases road congestion by keeping bus riders and bicyclists out of their cars.
Charges that Sacramento has been filching fuel taxes and vehicle fees for pet projects have been bellowed for years and are essentially a myth.
Here are two incidents that keep the accusations alive:
Highway projects always have been financed by user fees — taxes at the pump, vehicle registrations, truck weight fees. But in 2000, when the economy was booming, Gov. Gray Davis decided to spend $2 billion from the general fund on one-time transportation projects. Then the economy turned sour, and they “borrowed” back $1.2 billion from the California Department of Transportation. The state has almost paid it all back.
In 2006, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger talked voters into approving nearly $20 billion in bonds for transportation projects. They were to be paid off by the general fund. When the recession hit, the general fund began bleeding billions. So Schwarzenegger grabbed $1 billion in truck weight fees to repay the bonds. But the money was still spent on transportation.
Before last year, California's gas tax hadn't been raised since 1990 under Republican Gov. George Deukmejian. But it wasn't adjusted for inflation. So that tax was buying about half as much as it once did. Plus, cars now are more fuel efficient, and motorists pump less gas.
Polling shows, however, that voters really hate the tax increase and are in the mood to repeal it. A new USC Dornsife/Los Angeles Times poll found that 51 percent of registered voters support the repeal. Only 38 percent favor the tax.
That's the big picture. As for Proposition 69, there's no organized opposition. Who can argue with a straight face against spending transportation tax money as it was intended — on transportation?
Now the other ballot measures:
Proposition 68 — $4.1-billion bond issue for parks, water, flood control and conservation projects
Brown held down the bond size to what they considered a prudent amount. Still, the total payback cost would be $7.8 billion, including interest. That's about $200 million annually for 40 years.
There are a lot of worthwhile goodies in this measure. But in November, there'll be a similar, privately sponsored initiative on the ballot that's more than twice the size: $8.9 billion. That proposition will warrant more voter scrutiny.
Proposition 70 — cap-and-trade revenue
Cap and trade is a climate-control program that forces companies to buy permits from the state to emit greenhouse gasses. It's raising roughly $3.3 billion annually. To get it renewed last year on a two-thirds legislative vote, Brown had to agree to Proposition 70. The measure would require another two-thirds vote in 2024 to reauthorize how the cap-and-trade money is split.
Why is this significant? Brown's embattled bullet train is drawing $730 million this year from the program. Proposition 70 would force legislators to take a hard look at the train's progress in six years — maybe even derail it.
Proposition 71 — ballot propositions
This says a proposition can't take effect until five days after all the votes are counted and the secretary of state certifies its passage. What's to argue?
Proposition 72 — rain-capture systems and property taxes
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement? Pause
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:01 South Carolina residents will automatically live in North Carolina as of Jan. 1
1:34 North Carolina provides a tool to curb prescription drug overdoses, but most doctors don't use it.
1:31 Protesters voice their opinions outside CMPD HQ
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
Former fashion and food writer Madeleine Marr joined the Miami Herald in 2003. The native New Yorker's celebrity coverage includes features, interviews, events, red carpets, premieres, award ceremonies, style, news and gossip in the South Florida area and beyond.
British citizen Daniel Jones, center, is escorted by prison guards to the Siem Reap courtroom in Siem Reap, Cambodia, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. The Cambodian court found Jones guilty after they were arrested with other foreigners for allegedly posting photos on social media of sexually suggestive dancing at a party. Jones, 31, was sentenced Tuesday to one year in prison for producing pornography. AP Photo)
Crusaders manager Stephen Baxter says the Irish Premiership champions' move to a more full-time set-up has been a natural progression.
The new structure will see the players train on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday mornings, as well as on Tuesday and Thursday nights, with Baxter closing their sports shop to become full-time manager.
"We first discussed it 18 months ago, so a lot of planning has gone into it. We've had to look at the financial structure, talk to the players and renegotiate contracts," said Baxter.
Which raises a host of difficult questions. How should we treat a robot that has some degree of consciousness? What if we're convinced that an AI program has the capacity to suffer emotionally, or to feel pain? Would shutting it off be tantamount to murder?
Robots vs. apes
An obvious comparison is to the animal rights movement. Animal rights advocates have been pushing for a reassessment of the legal status of certain animals, especially the great apes. Organizations like the Coral Springs, Florida-based Nonhuman Rights Project believe that chimpanzees, gorillas, and orangutans deserve to be treated as autonomous persons, rather than mere property.
Steven Wise, who leads the organization's legal team, says that the same logic applies to any autonomous entity, living or not. If one day we have sentient robots, they say, “we should have the same sort of moral and legal responsibilities toward them that we're in the process of developing with respect to nonhuman animals.”
Of course, deciding which machines deserve moral consideration will be tricky, because we often project human thoughts and feelings onto inanimate entities — and so end up sympathizing with entities that have no thoughts or feelings at all.
Consider Spot, a doglike robot developed by Boston Dynamics. Earlier this year, the Waltham, Massachusetts-based company released a video showing employees kicking the four-legged machine. The idea was to show off Spot's remarkable balance. But some people saw it as akin to animal cruelty. People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), for example, issued a statement describing Spot's treatment as “inappropriate.”
Kate Darling, a researcher at the MIT Media Lab in Cambridge, Massachusetts, observed something similar when they studied how people interact with Pleo, a toy dinosaur robot. Pleo doesn't look lifelike — it's obviously a toy. But it's programmed to act and speak in ways that suggest not only a form of intelligence but also the ability to experience suffering. If you hold Pleo upside-down, it will whimper and tell you to stop.
Danny Shelton didn't need very long to start toeing the New England Patriots' company line.
Less than a week after New England acquired Shelton in a trade with the Cleveland Browns, the defensive lineman is already singing coach Bill Belichick's praises and taking notice of the team's culture of success.
“Part of the formula to winning is doing your job, and I see that everywhere at the facility with everyone just staying focused and having that same goal leading towards success, and that's what I want to be a part of,” Shelton said on a conference call Monday.
After spending their first three NFL seasons with a Browns team that won only four games total and went 0-16 last season, the 24-year-old Shelton is willing to adapt to whatever role Belichick sees fit for him.
“Honestly, I'm just going to go with whatever coach wants me to do,” Shelton said. “My best (skill) is stopping the run, so if they want me to play a defensive position I'll do it and I'll make sure I do my job to achieve success.”
Shelton had 128 tackles and 1 1/2 sacks over 46 games with Cleveland after being drafted by the Browns with the No. 12 overall pick out of Washington in 2015.
In 2016, Shelton started all 16 games and had a career-high 59 tackles.
Shelton hopes to wear the No. 55 with the Patriots after doing so with the Browns and in college in honour of the late Junior Seau, who wore the number throughout their career and in their last four seasons in New England.
“Any opportunity I get to wear the number I would take in a heartbeat,” Shelton said. “It's just amazing to have this opportunity to play for a great organization and knowing that one of my role models, one of the guys that I looked up to played here.”
Shelton said they are also fond of former Patriots defensive tackle Vince Wilfork, whom they drew comparisons to before they were drafted.
“Just knowing that I'll be able to play for a team that's had such great talent here, I just want to add to the team success,” Shelton said.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL .
The explosive compound found in the car and home of the Las Vegas mass shooter was similar to the one used last year by the Chelsea bomber.
Authorities recovered an undisclosed amount of the compound Tannerite from 64-year-old gunman Stephen Paddock's home in Mesquite — and 50 pounds of the substance in their car parked at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino — where they gunned down concertgoers from the 32nd floor Sunday night.
Police have not yet explained why Paddock possessed the Tannerite — a compound created in 1996 for use in exploding targets that “produces a water vapor and a thunderous boom” when shot with a high-power rifle, according to the manufacturer's website.
Investigators also found ammonium nitrate, which can be used to build bombs, in Paddock's car.
The two bombs planted in Chelsea in September of 2016 — one of which exploded, injuring 31 people — contained Tannerite, police sources told The Post at the time. Those bombs also contained cell phone triggers and were packed with nails and ball bearings, the sources said.
Accused bomber Ahmad Rahimi is currently on trial in connection to the incident.
President Nicolas Maduro is clamping down on dissent in the middle ranks of Venezuela's army, a sign that their alliance with the top brass may not be able to guarantee their grip on power as they prepare to face re-election in May.
Police have detained 19 officers since the start of the month, charging nine of them with treason and instigating rebellion, said Alonso Medina, the lawyer for six of those accused. The government has yet to confirm the arrests. On Tuesday, former intelligence director Miguel Rodriguez Torres was also arrested, accused of plotting to attack the unity of the armed force and having ties to U.S. intelligence services, according to the Information Ministry.
“The truth is that discontent inside the military barracks is just the same as in the street,” said Medina. “Officials are disgruntled by hunger, hyperinflation and insecurity.”
While Maduro buys off the top brass of the army with economic concessions and top posts in the ministries and state-owned enterprises, relations with the lower ranks are sinking to a new low. Twenty-four officials, nine of them generals, were demoted or dismissed last month, some of them from the middle ranks that Hugo Chavez used to rise to power in the 1990's. Maduro, who took over from Chavez in 2013 following their death, will seek another six-year term on May 20th in elections that are being boycotted by the main opposition parties and which may lead to more U.S. sanctions.
“A wave of reprimands has been set off that has never been seen before," said Rocío San Miguel, director of Control Ciudadano, a consultancy on military affairs. "This is Venezuela's worst military crisis” since Chavez's failed bid to overthrow the government in 1992. They came to power through elections six years later.
Officials at the Information Ministry didn't respond to requests seeking comment on Friday, while phone calls to the Defense Ministry went unanswered.
Imploding Economy
The arrests, along with others who were detained in 2017, have fueled speculation over the scope of discontent within Venezuela's military. Years of mismanagement and declining oil output have plunged the economy into a deep depression that's spawned hyperinflation and shortages of the most basic goods.
Rodriguez, a 54-year-old army officer who joined Chavez's 1992 coup attempt, was responsible for countless arrests of government dissidents and protesters during their 14-year career. Yet in 2014 they confronted the "colectivos," or paramilitary groups supported by the government in Caracas, a stance that saw them ousted from their post.
Subsequently, Rodriguez started building their own political movement and toured Venezuela to whip up opposition to Maduro. In February 2017, they were banned from entering elections for 12 months, derailing their presidential aspirations.
Read more: As Venezuelans Flee, Refugee Camp Springs Up Across Border
Maduro's attempts to buy off military chiefs have reached new heights in the past year. At the end of 2017, Maduro named Major General Manuel Quevedo as the new oil minister and head of state-run oil producer PDVSA.
With Quevedo, there are now at least seven military officials in top posts at PDVSA, strengthening the armed forces' control over the industry that accounts for more than 95 percent of Venezuela's total exports. While the country boasts the world's largest proved oil reserves output has halved in the last 20 years from a peak rate of 3.4 million barrels a day in 1998.
While top officials have an ever bigger stake in Maduro's success, what is going on in the lower ranks is getting harder to decipher.
"Whether or not there was a conspiracy is difficult to say,” Medina said. “But unlike government alleged cases of conspiracy of 2016 and 2017, these officers have not been accused of having links with opposition politicians."
Read E-Editions: Subscribe today!
Click Here
or log in to your account:
Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password?
← Back to The Apopka Chief Newspaper
Image caption Mitchell Rodgers' mother said they were "outgoing" and "mad with skateboarding"
A 16-year-old boy was killed almost instantly when they were hit by a high speed train while running away from police, an inquest has heard.
One officer shouted "get off the tracks" to warn Mitchell Rodgers the train was passing through Belper station in Derbyshire, jurors heard.
They did not see the train hit Mitchell and could not see any sign of them after the collision on 28 March 2015.
However, one officer said they saw "a large area of red".
The inquest heard how Mitchell's body was located using heat detection equipment on the police helicopter.
Image caption High speed trains pass through Belper station without stopping
PC David Chambers, the officer who started chasing Mitchell, gave evidence at the inquest in Derby.
"It's always a difficult decision to make whether to chase or not," they said.
"My experience told me on balance to pursue."
Image caption A police officer shouted "get off the tracks" to warn Mitchell Rodgers, the inquest heard
The inquest heard that Mitchell, from Nether Heage, had been drinking on the night of their death.
Police were responding to a 999 call about an altercation involving a group of youths in the town.
PC Chambers, who is now retired, told the jury that they spoke Mitchell, who "wasn't obstructive" but all of a sudden "turned round and made off".
Image caption A pathologist said alcohol may have affected Mitchell's decision making
PC Chambers pursued the teenager to an alleyway, where another officer took up the chase.
The jury heard how Mitchell entered Belper station, left the platform and starting running down the tracks.
The inquest was told that the other officer, who is due to give evidence, shouted "get off the tracks" as the train approached, then hit him.
"I could see a large area of red shining on the platform wall," PC Chambers said.
Image caption Mitchell Rodgers' body was located using heat detection equipment on the police helicopter
The post-mortem examination on Mitchell's body found they sustained 22 significant injuries and their cause of death was head injuries.
Mitchell's mother, Nicola Village, said they had not seen their son for two days before they died, following an argument that resulted in them putting a stone through the window of the family car.
"He could get angry, but damage was not something he'd usually do," they said.
Mrs Village described Mitchell as "outgoing" and "mad with skateboarding".
The inquest is expected to last three to four days.
One person may have “left their heart in San Francisco” or think that “London is waiting for him,” while another calls Jerusalem the “City of Gold.”
Now, scientists at the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology's Faculty Civil and Environmental Engineering and AT&T's Research Laboratories have found the connection between our geographical location and the emotions that arise in us – which places tend to make people happy and what locations make them angry or sad.
The study, based on communications in the social networks such as Twitter, was conducted as part of the doctoral work of research student Ben Galon, led by Prof. Yerah Deutscher of the Technion and Dr. Yaron Kanza of AT&T.Until now, emotional maps have been based on monitoring volunteers by means of sensors that measure heart rate, blood pressure and other physical factors. This method severely limits the amount of information that can be collected. Now, thanks to the new Technion approach, you can create maps based on vast amounts of information.The researchers have succeeded in linking emotion to places by means of a syntactic analysis of messages containing location tags. The algorithm they developed enables us to locate significant connections between emotion and place, and to map out the random connections.The map of emotions produced by the technology presents the characteristic emotions expressed in different places. Such maps offer a variety of possible uses; for example, they can help a tourist choose where they or they are likely to feel joy or romantic feelings and avoid places that induce anger and hostility.City planners will be able to identify areas where planning triggers negative emotions, and change them to induce other emotions. Social scientists will be able to learn about relationships between community behavior and their environment, and identify areas that intensify artistic feelings or anger that can lead to political activism.The study dealt with three main challenges. First, social media messages are often short, poorly written and contain expressions, abbreviations and slang, making it difficult to accurately characterize them. Second, a wide range of emotions is expressed everywhere, so it is important to filter out the meager and random bonds and leave only the significant and significant correlations. Third, to get meaningful results in a short time, a speedy algorithm is needed that can handle huge amounts of data.The proposed method was tested on a database of tens of millions of messages created in New York City. Anger, for example, was detected at a high level in public transport stations; sadness and anger were found in high schools. Anxiety was identified on university campuses but also in Madame Tussaud's wax museum. Joy, sometimes accompanied by surprise, was linked to restaurants and parks. All the emotions examined were very frequent in theaters and cinemas.According to Galon, the study focused on an in-depth analysis of the results to understand the reasons for the links found between emotion and place and to introduce the time dimension into the new emotion maps. The study was conducted in the US in part because of the great use made by Americans of networks such as Twitter, but the technology is relevant wherever these networks are widely used, they said.
HOUSTON — The San Francisco 49ers aren't happy with where they stand this season.
However, the last few weeks — and the first glimpses at their quarterback of the future — have given them some hope.
Jimmy Garoppolo threw for a career-high 334 yards and a touchdown to help the 49ers to their second straight win, 26-16 over the Houston Texans on Sunday.
The 49ers have won three of their last four after opening the season 0-9 under first-year coach Kyle Shanahan.
“It's definitely exciting,” Shanahan said. “You can feel it in our building. Guys are gaining that confidence.”
A big part of San Francisco's recent improvement has been the play of Garoppolo. Tom Brady's former backup showed they could be the answer for the 49ers at quarterback, going 20-for-33 in their second start for the team. Acquired before the trade deadline from New England, Garoppolo threw for 293 yards in their debut last week to help the 49ers to a 15-14 win at Chicago.
Shanahan said Garoppolo has a knack for making the players around them better.
“When you've got a guy like Jimmy who has been making some impressive throws, who's been doing it on the practice field and he's carried it to the game, I think guys always know they've got a chance,” Shanahan said. “And they've lived up to it.”
Shanahan wasn't alone in their praise.
“Jimmy is a great guy,” wide receiver Marquise Goodwin told reporters. “He's a leader. He's natural at it. They don't show [fear] at any point of the game. When you see that in the position that he's in, it gives you extreme confidence. When you look at them in the third quarter or in the second quarter and we're down by one or up by one, you feel that sense of hope. You feel that sense of ‘I'm going to get the job done.' And at no point in the game do I ever feel like we're behind or we're slacking in that position, because he's led us the whole way from start to finish.”
Fullback Kyle Juszczyk said the 49ers feel brand new.
“It definitely just builds the confidence,” they said. “[It] gets everyone excited. I mean, it feels like a whole new season here. It feels like we started last week. Especially, getting a win, we wish we had more games left. We wish we had a full season to do this thing with him.”
Garoppolo, who has started just four games in their four-year NFL career, is excited about the progress he's seen from the offense in their short time with the team.
“We've got a little bit of momentum with us right now and we just need to keep plucking away … and just keep getting better,” they said. “That's what it's all about, especially this time of year. We only have three games left now, so we just have to keep getting better and good things will happen.”
Villa Paula, the former Cuban consulate in Miami, was built in 1925. Joe Chirichigno Cortesía
(Global edition) From the BBC's World Service … Global stock markets in Asia and the US have soared to fresh highs. Are investors creating a bubble that will inevitably burst? Or is it just a sign of a stronger economy? We look at why low interest rates aren't the sole driver of booming markets, and the factors that could upset the apple cart. Then, to Moscow, where Saudi Arabia's King – complete with their entourage and a golden escalator – met Vladimir Putin, Russia's president, to discuss deeper ties and the new normal for oil prices. We also have the second part of our China series, where young people are sinking deeper into debt, and loan sharks are now accepting naked selfies as collateral.
When it comes to proposals and wedding pictures farmers really are outstanding in their field!
We've seen brides and grooms made from round bales, pedigree cattle in the wedding pictures and of course the ever-popular tractor shot featuring an array of the most popular marques.
Stephanie and Harry
Harry Thompson, from Randalstown, son of Henry and Dorothy Thompson, recently proposed to Loanends girl Stephanie McCollam, daughter of Stephen and Jane McCollam, using an innovative technique.
Harry farms dairy, beef and sheep at home and thought it would be very fitting to use three of their flock to propose, as Stephanie's family breed their own Pedigree Texel and Commercial flocks.
Of course they said yes!
Ryan Nowakowski was first to the finish line at Saturday's WAMBO River Run. They finished first in the ten kilometre division in a time of 38 minutes and 15 seconds.
Nowakowski, a 37 year-old Wallaceburg resident, was second last year.
A long time competitive soccer player, they still play recreational soccer, Nowakowski is somewhat new to competitive running. They were introduced to it by their dad Mark Nowakowski a few years ago.
“It was a Father's Day run. Just goofing around they asked me to run it with him,” Nowakowski said. “He was into running and I wasn't.”
Nowakowski has had a good summer, as they finished in first-place in the half marathon at the Blenheim-Erieau Trot to the Beach race. Nowakowski said they plan on taking part in this fall's Detroit Free Press marathon. It will be their third marathon.
Nowakowski said they like running the WAMBO race.
“It's well put together. Good job by our (Defiance) club.”
Krista Cranston was the first female finisher and finished second overall in the 10km division (41:36).
In the 10km division, the entire top 10 was 37 years-old or older.
Leamington's Rey Klassen won the five kilometre division in a time of 19:11.
West Lorne's Grant St. John won the 5km walking division, with a time of 33:14.
In the wheelchair division, Wyoming's Kris Helbin won with a time of 21:25.
The race was organized by the Wallaceburg running club Defiance Running Club.
A total of 39 walkers and 120 runners took part in the run. Eleven wheelchair athletes completed the race.
Amazon Effect, Meatball Edition To create a Super Bowl snack, we bought the same ingredients at a new Whole Foods 365 store and a Walmart. The prices were different. So were the outcomes. Image
Amazon and Walmart are battling to dominate the grocery market, fueling a price war that could rearrange where America shops for food.
To get a firsthand glimpse of this competition, we have periodically been testing Amazon's effect on grocery prices since the online retailer bought Whole Foods last summer.
Heading into Super Bowl weekend, we thought we would compare the price of ingredients for Steak 'n' Bacon Cheddar meatballs.
So we shopped for the same items (or as close as we could find) at a Whole Foods and a Walmart. Our experiment was inspired by the opening of the Whole Foods 365 brand store in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn on Wednesday — the first 365 store on the East Coast. Whole Foods promotes the stores as a less costly option for shoppers.
Image The meatball ingredients from the new Whole Foods 365 store in Brooklyn. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Image The ingredients from the Walmart Supercenter in Secaucus, N.J. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Our plan was to bake one batch of the cheesy, three-meat delicacy using only ingredients from a Walmart and a second batch with only items from the Whole Foods 365. Then we would ask our newsroom colleagues which version of the meatball — described by the chef who created it as “the heart stopper” — tasted better.
While the 365 line of stores was launched before Amazon's acquisition, the vibe of the new Brooklyn store seems in keeping with Amazon's consumer-first approach. The store is easy to navigate and pushes its private-label, and less expensive, 365 brand products.
Wherever possible, we bought 365 brand items, including steak, hamburger, salt, pepper and olive oil. Many of the items were organic, and the eggs came from cage-free chickens. That helped drive up the prices.
Image In the skillet: the $8.41 steak from the Whole Foods 365. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Image Cooked and cut: the $6.56 steak from Walmart. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
The grand total: $45.17
Next, we went to the Walmart Supercenter in Secaucus, N.J., and bought almost entirely from Walmart's Great Value brand, which offers few organic options.
That bill came to $27.18
One ingredient that drove that difference: Whole Foods' organic shredded Cheddar cost nearly three times as much as the Walmart brand, which was not organic. The price of a dozen eggs at the two stores was comparable.
Image The Cheddar from Walmart cost $2.20, about one-third of the price of the organic 365 brand cheese. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
For the highly unscientific taste test, we served the meatballs in the New York Times newsroom on Friday afternoon. The taste testers were not told whether they had chosen a Whole Foods or a Walmart meatball until after they voted.
Some said the Whole Foods batch had too much bacon flavor. Others found the steak bits in the Walmart meatballs too chewy. When the votes were tallied, the Whole Foods meatball prevailed.
But by the end of the day, the distinctions seemed to fade. Every meatball had been eaten.
Image The meatballs made from Whole Foods ingredients, ready for the oven. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Image The finished Walmart meatballs, ready for delivery to the newsroom. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Michael Corkery is a business reporter who covers the retail industry and its impact on consumers, workers and the economy. They joined The Times in 2014 and was previously a reporter at the Wall Street Journal and the Providence Journal. @mcorkery5 Zach Wichter contributed reporting.
The All-New DealBook Our columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin and their Times colleagues help you make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
One thing about a big league schedule that rings true for every team: You play who is on the docket.
So, yes, the Yankees have benefitted from beginning the home part of the schedule against the mediocre Rays, the awful Cardinals and the bumbling White Sox. Yet, teams don't make the schedule. MLB does.
The degree of difficulty increases after the White Sox leave The Bronx later this week because the Yankees travel to Pittsburgh and Boston before returning home to meet the Orioles.
On Monday night, the Yankees extended the longest winning streak in the majors this season to eight by punishing the fielding challenged White Sox, 7-3, in front of an announced gathering of 28,181 at Yankee Stadium.
In their second major league start, Jordan Montgomery handcuffed the White Sox, who looked as bad as the Cardinals did during the weekend, through six innings when they didn't allow a run. Aroldis Chapman came in to throw two pitches in the ninth for their fourth save of the season.
Matt Holliday and Aaron Judge backed Montgomery, who allowed three runs on seven hits in six-plus frames. After missing the previous two games with lower back stiffness and hitless in a dozen at-bats, Holliday crushed a three-run homer into the left-field bleachers that highlighted a five-run third inning. Judge added a two-run homer in the fifth off Derek Holland (1-2).
Starlin Castro went 3-for-4, had two doubles and scored two runs for the Yankees who improved to 9-4.
After going 12-for-69 (.174) with runners in scoring position in the previous seven games the Yankees were 3-for-7 in the clutch.
“I'd like to see them have all their weapons tonight. Like I said the last time, I don't think they had great command of their fastball and I don't think they had their good slider. Hopefully they have those two pitches,'' manager Joe Girardi said of Montgomery before the game.
The manager said they thought Montgomery (1-0) would be more settled in the second big league outing and through six innings if the 24-year-old lefty was calmer they might have been passed out. First-inning trouble didn't bother Montgomery who stranded two.
They did falter in the seventh when working with a 7-0 lead they gave up a three-run homer to Yolmer Sanchez with no outs and was replaced by Adam Warren.
“As a position player I thought the second game is not like the first. The butterflies are not nearly as large and I am sure they feel that as well,'' Girardi said. “He has had a chance to get more comfortable with their surroundings. They went through what every little boy who is a baseball player dreams about, that first time you are in the big leagues and they got through it fairly successful.''
Your browser does not support iframes.
During the eight-game winning streak Yankee starters are 6-0 with a 2.77 ERA and have allowed 39 hits in 52 innings.
Through five innings Montgomery blanked the White Sox and allowed three hits. They didn't face a batter with runners in scoring position between the first and sixth innings and was helped by getting ground balls that turned into inning-ending double plays in the second and fourth frames.
Montgomery showed the White Sox the full tool belt within the first two batters of the game. They started Tyler Saladino off with a four-seam fastball and they singled off a two-seamer. In order of appearance, Montgomery fed Tim Anderson a two-seamer, changeup, curveball and slider with the final pitch resulting in a stress-free fly to center.
Derek Holland's trouble in the third started when Pete Kozma, the No. 9 hitter, drilled a grounder off the pitcher's right foot for a one-out single. Jacoby Ellsbury followed with an infield single and after Aaron Hicks forced Ellsbury at second Holliday fractured a 0-for-12 slide with a three-run homer that landed in the left field bleachers above the Yankees' bullpen in left. Chase Headley added an RBI double and Judge scored Headley with an infield single for a 5-0 bulge.
Montgomery was unable to pitch around a one-out walk to Evan Longoria on Wednesday in their major league debut because Rickie Weeks, the next batter, homered for a 2-0 Rays' lead.
Monday night Montgomery got in deeper trouble in the opening frame and escaped without the White Sox scoring.
Saladino opened with a soft single to center and Melky Cabrera walked with one out. A passed ball charged to Austin Romine, who appeared to be crossed up, put runners at second and third with one out for Jose Abreu. Their grounder to Headley didn't score a run and Montgomery stranded two runners by getting Avisail Garcia on a routine fly to center.
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz.
Guest: Ian Wishart, Bloomberg EU reporter in Brussels, on the UK and the EU reaching a Brexit transition deal.
Running time 06:45
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
Michael Crabtree reportedly said they made a “business decision” not to react badly to Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib ripping off their gold-chain necklace during Sunday's game.
“I can't react (or the referees), are going to kick me out,” Crabtree told reporters after the game, per CSN Bay Area. “Then I'm the bad guy. … I guess today, (the refs) were just going to let them get away with a lot of stuff.”
Talib looked like the bad guy, instead, for pulling hard at the necklace after shadowing the Raiders wide receiver on a passing route in the Raiders' 24-6 loss. The necklace, which Crabtree has worn in games all season, snapped off.
While Crabtree didn't react immediately, they didn't refrain from commenting on Talib's stunt after the game. They reportedly called the Pro Bowler “fake” — a word they also tweeted, seemingly in reference to Talib.
“They're acting; they're actors. You aren't defending anybody up like that,” Crabtree said. “You hard? You tough? That make you tough? You snatch a chain in front of the police and run off? Childish, man.”
Crabree also noted the referee's treatment of them Sunday.
“They were acting like I was the problem,” they said. “That's what I didn't like. I'm not even that type of dude. … I could have cut (blocked) them (Talib); I could have hurt him. But I'm playing football. I don't like that.”
Talib knew full-well that Crabtree has adorned themselves with the necklace during every game this season.
“He's just been wearing that chain all year, man, it's just been growing on me,” Talib told reporters after the game, per ESPN. “I said if they wear that chain in front of me, I'm going to snatch it off. So they wore it in front of me, so I had to snatch it off.”
Surprisingly, and to Raiders fans' dismay, Talib was not penalized for the act.
Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here and click the + at the top of the page to save to your Apple News favorites.
Westover Wasps' 6-2 loss at Whitby Fishermen on Monday night saw the visitors relegated from Scarborough News Saturday League Division One.
A Mark Swales hat-trick led the way for the Fishermen, with Karl Storr and Ian Smith also netting a goal apiece, an own goal completing the scoring for the hosts.
The visitors, who trailed 4-0 at half-time, hit back with goals from Mark Bean and their man of the match Si Coupland after the interval, but a further two goals from the home side sealed Wasps' fate. Andy Kelly was named as the man of the match for the Fishermen.
The Division Three title and promotion race has been somewhat hampered by the suspension of Eastway Sports, but tomorrow's league EGM held to discuss the club's future will make the promotion picture clearer.
Itis Itis Rovers are leading the way after their 3-1 win at Hunmanby United Reserves.
Sam Pickard's free-kick had given Rovers the lead but Grant Hayden levelled before the interval.
The hosts then went down to 10 men early in the second half due to an injury to one of their players, and Rovers keeper Jordan Lee restored Rovers' lead from a penalty.
Ellis Wilson's goal confirmed the win for Mikey Barker's team with central midfielder Liam Buglass their man of the match.
Scalby Reserves hit top form to claim a 6-1 home win against Sherburn.
Jack White opened the scoring for Scalby, and although Liam Scott levelled for the visitors, further goals from Karl Hansell, Danny Wedge and Taylor Jordan made it 4-1 at half-time to the hosts.
Aidan Thomas scored a superb 30-yarder after the interval, then keeper Daniel Gregory's long punt upfield found Jordan, who looped their header over the Sherburn gloveman to complete the scoring.
Player-boss Gregory handed their whole side the man of the match award.
Image copyright Police Scotland Image caption Arnold Mouat's body was discovered in their garage loft by a relative
Police failed to carry out a "full and systematic" search of the property of a missing Bo'ness man whose body was found there a month later.
Officers only spent five minutes searching Arnold Mouat's garage and garden in July 2017.
Their body was discovered by a relative in the garage loft four weeks later.
The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner (Pirc) said the "inadequate" search had added to Mr Mouat's family's distress.
The Pirc investigation focused on why Mr Mouat was not found by police officers during the search of their home address and outbuildings.
The 64-year-old was last seen at their home on 6 July.
Image caption Police searched Mr Mouat's property the day after they were reported missing
Commissioner Kate Frame said that the police search of Mr Mouat's property the following day took 40 minutes, with five minutes spent searching the garden and garage.
More than 50 volunteers subsequently joined in a search of the local area for Mr Mouat, with their family issuing an appeal for information.
The Pirc report noted that Mr Mouat's body had been discovered in the loft area of their garage by a relative on 5 August.
It said: "A post mortem ascertained the cause of death as asphyxiation and revealed that they had been dead for some time."
Image copyright Pirc Image caption Kate Frame described the police search as "inadequate"
Ms Frame said: "Clearly, if the police had carried out a thorough search of the garage area, then it is highly likely that they would have discovered Mr Mouat's body, something acknowledged by Police Scotland's own internal review.
"In light of this case, I have made several recommendations which I have shared with the deputy chief constable to enable them to put measures in place and take corrective action to prevent such failings happening again."
The recommendations include the need for officers, in particular trained police search advisors, to be "thorough and systematic" in their searches.
In a statement, Mr Mouat's family said the past eight months had been "incredibly difficult" as they tried to come to terms with the loss of "a loving father and husband".
The statement said: "We are aware of the Pirc report and note that a number of recommendations have been made.
"Going forward we hope that Police Scotland will look carefully at these recommendations and that valuable lessons have been learned.
"As a family, we are grateful for the support we have received but we would now ask for our privacy to be respected to allow us to come to terms with our loss in peace."
HOUSTON — Even in a city so recently ravaged by storm, as this one was when hurricane Harvey hit in late August, the pomp and circumstances of postseason baseball can foster an isolating bubble around a ballpark: The rigorous October schedule and high-stakes games can seem demanding on players and fans both, and the laser-like focus on whatever events unfold on the field — at least for those with the option to do that — draws attention away from hardships and heartache beyond its immediate environs. Houston is the United States' fourth-largest city, but it's not a terribly dense one, and in the areas surrounding Minute Maid Park, there's far more evidence of hurricane relief efforts than hurricane damage: “Houston Strong” signs, inspirational messages outside restaurants and churches.
Nearly 50 people in the Houston area died as a direct result of the storm, most of them by drowning. And many of those spared that tragic fate lost practically everything else when an estimated 27 trillion gallons of water flooded the area. Recovery will take years, and while perhaps a prolonged Astros playoff run or a World Series win will help distract some locals from vicious reality or remind them of normalcy or bring them joy in difficult times, the Astros will not heal Houston on their own. Sports are frivolous.
By all accounts, the club — from its executives to its coaches to its players to its staff — has provided the city more than its share of help in the storm's wake. The team donated $4 million to recovery efforts. Players met with evacuees uprooted by the storm. Carlos Correa set up a crowdfunding effort to donate new beds to children impacted by Harvey. Before the ALDS started, Game 1 starter Justin Verlander pledged to give their entire postseason bonus to Harvey victims.
But this world provides a neverending onslaught of grief and devastation, and with the floodwaters in the Houston area now mostly receded, the city of Houston, the Astros' owners, and members of the team have shifted some of their focus toward helping victims of a storm that hits even closer to home for some Astros.
On Thursday, Houston mayor Sylvester Turner — who threw out the first pitch before Game 2 of the series on Friday — announced that the city would team up with the Astros to send 55 pallets of supplies to Puerto Rico to aide those affected by Hurricane Maria. More supplies are reportedly on the way, this time courtesy of Puerto Rico native Correa, with the help of team owner Jim Crane and local businesses. And Carlos Beltran, who donated $1 million to Puerto Rico after Maria and helped raise nearly $400,000 more through an online charity drive, said before the series started that Crane had teamed up with Beltran's foundation to fly cancer patients to the mainland.
A very emotional Carlos Beltran spoke about the damage Puerto Rico. They have started a hurriane relief fund: https://t.co/ytSJE67y2D pic.twitter.com/wNoRRAigd1 — Houston Astros (@astros) September 28, 2017
The normally reserved Beltran broke down in tears in a late September interview when describing a phone call with their brother, who was without water in their homeland. With much of their family safely in Houston before the ALDS started, the 40-year-old Beltran was less vividly emotional.
“Thanks to Jim Crane, my family was able to leave (Puerto Rico),” Beltran said. “He sent a plane for 100 passengers. Also, through my foundation, we were able to contact 15-16 people that were going through cancer treatments and needed to leave the country… They're going to come and watch the games, and at least take their heads off the situation in Puerto Rico that people are going through, even though the reality is the reality and our country is in big need. Right now, we just need help.
“It's very sad for me, to be here and see my fellow Puerto Ricans going through the situation that they're going through. But at the end of the day, I do believe we're going to get up stronger. We're going to learn from the situation that we're living right now, and we're going to overcome the toughest times. It's very tough to see people suffering and in need of food, water — the basics. But at the end of the day, I want to let them know that I'm doing the best in my power to send supplies and send help to Puerto Rico. There are a lot of people all over the United States that are doing the same.”
Asked if they were disappointed or disheartened by the U.S. government's response to Maria, which was criticized for its sluggish pace and marked by petty sniping against island officials by high-ranking politicians, Beltran demurred.
“I'm not into politics,” they said. “I'm an athlete. When I saw the country going through the situation that we're going through, I just felt a need to do what I needed to do in order to bring help to Puerto Rico, and I will continue to do that. I know there's been a big debate on how slow we have been able to receive the help in Puerto Rico, but at the end of the day, I do believe there are people willing to do the positive stuff, people willing to help.
“I just hope that things get better. They are going to get better.”
Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce, who stole the show at the team's Super Bowl parade while wearing a Mummers costume, opened up on a very weird thing that happened while the Eagles were celebrating their championship with fans.
According to Kelce, who spoke with the media along with Nick Foles and Fletcher Cox on Tuesday, a fan poured someone's cremated remains in a teammate's hands.
“Walking down on the parade that day, I can't remember who came up to me but somebody came up to me with ashes in their hand. They said somebody literally… they said ‘Kelc, I don't know what to do, somebody just poured their grandfather's ashes in my hands.' I was like ‘I don't know what to do either.'”
That's not cool, Eagles fans. Kelce also said he's been getting a ton of wedding invitations in the offseason.
Two middle school basketball coaches were arrested along with four students in connection to a hazing episode on a Texas school bus.
The hazing incident caught on video on Jan. 26 involved students forcing at least one Goddard Junior High teammate to strip to their underwear and “simulate sex,” according to news station KOSA. Students told investigators that forced sexual acts may have also occurred on the bus trip from the school in Midland, Texas.
Coaches Irving Gomez and Rogelio Gutierrez were charged on Friday with tampering or fabricating physical evidence. They're accused of instructing the students to delete the videos and threatened them to not tell anyone, KWES reported.
According to the police report, the coaches told the young players to “quit humping back there” and yelled expletives at them.
“Unfortunately, the events that took place will result in the arrest of multiple students and two staff members. We are disappointed in the actions of those involved that led to these arrests. We support our local prosecutors' response to the evidence discovered during our investigation,” said Chief David Colburn at Midland Independent School District's police department.
Gomez and Gutierrez were fired from the school district on Monday. In addition to being an athletic coach, Gomez was employed as an eighth grade science teacher.
“Evidence of the behavior discovered during our investigation requires immediate action. I appreciate our police department and all district staff involved in this investigation for their professionalism and immediate attention to this matter. Their approach proves that the safety of our students is our number one priority and we will go above and beyond in protecting our students from any threat to their safety while in our care,” said Rod Schroder, Midland Independent School District superintendent, in a statement.
Bitcoin has long been compared to the dot-com bubble. Morgan Stanley says its recent moves are similar to the tech boom and bust, but on steroids.
Bitcoin's recent moves almost mirror that of the Nasdaq Composite Index in the lead-up to and aftermath of 2000, but at 15 times the speed, Morgan Stanley said. The Nasdaq climbed 278 percent in 519 days in the rally leading up to its high in March 2000, while Bitcoin soared 248 percent in 35 days in the last leg of the rally to its $19,511 high in December, according to the report.
There have been three waves of weakness since Bitcoin peaked in December, with prices falling between 45 percent and 50 percent each time, before rebounding. The Nasdaq's bear market from 2000 had five price declines, averaging a similar 44 percent.
The bear market also looks similar on the way up. There have been two Bitcoin bear market rallies of 43 percent on average, while the Nasdaq bear market rallies averaged 40 percent.
Bear markets are nothing new for the first decentralized digital currency. Since the coin's creation in 2009 there have been four bear markets with price declines ranging from 28 percent to 92 percent. From the December peak to the most recent low on February, Bitcoin's price fell by 70 percent, “nothing out of the ordinary,” Morgan Stanley said.
The previous Bitcoin bear markets have last five months on average, after rallying for two to three months, but “the small number of historical examples and variability of each of the bear markets make it difficult to assume that the current bear market may take the same time period,” Morgan Stanley strategist Sheena Shah wrote.
All the past bitcoin bear markets have seen rising trading volumes at the trough relative to the peak, while rallies prior to most bear markets have seen falling trading volumes, according to the report. Since December 2017, Bitcoin trade volumes have risen by almost 300 percent, the report said.
“Rising trade volumes are thus not an indication of more investor activity but instead a rush to get out,” Shah wrote.
— With assistance by Luke Kawa
By Danielle Paquette | Washington Post
BEIJING – An American company that ships cherries to a coastal province in southeast China recently encountered a new hurdle at the border: Customs officers ordered a load into quarantine for a week, so it spoiled and was sent back to the United States.
American pet-food makers, meanwhile, say they're facing more rigorous inspections at ports, which delay goods from reaching shelves and ultimately hurt sales.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our Morning Report weekday newsletter.
And a U.S. manufacturer that exports vehicles to China recorded a 98 percent jump in random border inspections over the past month, throwing the firm behind schedule.
American business leaders fear these are the “qualitative measures” China warned it would unleash if President Donald Trump imposed tariffs on its exports to the United States.
Just days before the first 25-percent levy is slated to hit $34 billion in Chinese products, U.S. companies here say they're already feeling the sting in the form of stalled product approvals, worker visas and licensing applications.
In a country where regulation enforcement can vary widely by region, it's hard for analysts to know whether these sudden administrative headaches are a coincidence or the Chinese government following through on threats to make life harder for Americans in business. But anecdotal evidence suggesting official sanction is building, according to veteran observers of the Chinese market.
“There's enough of a trend to say this might be related,” said Jake Parker, vice president of China operations at the U.S.-China Business Council, which represents about 200 firms, including Pepsi, Apple and General Motors. “The tariffs won't solve the problem, but they will damage U.S. interests.”
Executives across industries have raised concerns about an increasingly hostile regulatory environment, they said. (The companies wanted to remain anonymous to avoid angering the government.)
They also worry the sparring between Washington and Beijing could fuel anti-American sentiment among Chinese consumers.
One sign of fraying relations: a notice posted by the Chinese Embassy in Washington last week, urging tourists to “avoid going out alone at night” in the United States, where “cases of shootings, robberies, and theft are frequent.”
The White House did not respond to requests for comment.
U.S. firms now have more than $220 billion invested in China, as many scramble to serve the nation's exploding middle class, according to the American Chamber of Commerce in the People's Republic of China.
Chinese President Xi Jinping invoked this financial commitment at a meeting with U.S. and European executives in June, telling the room, “We punch back,” according to one person familiar with the discussion.
Last Friday, AmCham China, which represents about 900 companies here, called a private meeting at a Beijing hotel to discuss the effects of the ongoing negotiations.
It lasted three hours, said AmCham China President Alan Beebe, and many executives wondered: “Am I being singled out?”
Some dreaded the possibility of unusually burdensome fire inspections, they said. Others wondered whether environmental regulations could suddenly get stricter.
“It's a common concern for our members that these measures could be used as a form of retaliation,” Beebe said.
China's Ministry of Commerce released a statement in June that called Trump's trade tactics “blackmail” and vowed to retaliate in both “quantitative and qualitative” ways.
Wang Shouwen, vice minister of commerce, said at a news conference in Beijing last week that China has not ramped up regulations to deter U.S. imports.
The first round of U.S. tariffs on $34 billion in Chinese products is scheduled to take effect July 6, and China has pledged to push back with levvies on an equal number of American exports.
Trump has threatened to impose new taxes on up to $416 billion worth of goods in coming months if China doesn't meet their trade demands. (The president has accused the country of committing one of “the greatest thefts in the history of the world.”)
China cannot match Trump on tariffs – it imported $130 billion in goods from the United States last year, compared with America's $505 billion in purchases from China – but it can apply other forms of pressure, analysts say.
Last year, for example, after the South Korean conglomerate Lotte Group provided land outside Seoul to the U.S. military for a missile system, Chinese authorities shut down dozens of Lotte Mart retail stores citing fire safety violations.
Chinese state media also called for a boycott of Lotte products.
The government can turn that muscle on American firms, said James McGregor, chairperson of the greater China region for the consultancy APCO Worldwide.
Related Articles East Bay office tower is bought for nearly $171 million
New York considering setting minimum wage for Uber, Lyft drivers
EU warns Trump: Auto tariffs could lead to $300B retaliation
Facebook creates a new million-square-foot work hub in this Bay Area city
Butler: The time for tariffs may come and go “They can employ all of the bureaucratic means to make life difficult for companies,” they said.
The Washington Post's Luna Lin in Beijing contributed to this report.
Manchester City star Raheem Sterling has suggested they would like to make a move to Spain.
The England international, aged 22, has been one of the best performers for Pep Guardiola's table-topping team.
Before their resurgence this season, they had been tipped for a move to Arsenal in the last transfer window.
But Sterling has ruled out joining the Gunners. They say that a return to their hometown of London and having their childhood friends nearby is not an option, hinting that it would be too much of a distraction for their career.
Sterling, who turns 23 on Friday, says they have happy at City at the moment, but clearly has thoughts of moving on to play overseas at some stage.
According to the Daily Mail, the former Liverpool youngster said: “I'm happy at Man City at the moment. But nobody knows what the future brings so one day, definitely, it would be nice to play abroad. It would be a great experience.
“Spain's attractive. Anywhere the weather is nice really! Can't be in London. I can't be near my friends. They got to stay down there.”
Sterling is under contract at the Etihad Stadium until June 2020. City are tipped to open talks about an extension this summer.
With the Winter Olympics beginning on Friday in PyeongChang, South Korea, here is a quick look at five stars expected to bring home gold for their respective countries in the Games:
Chloe Kim,
Snowboarding, USA
The laid-back Californian would have qualified for the U.S. team at the 2014 Sochi Olympics, but they were too young. Now 17, Kim is heading to Pyeongchang as the gold-medal favorite in the halfpipe and could become the youngest American ever to medal in snowboarding.
Nathan Chen
Figure Skating, USA
The only undefeated male skater in the world this season, Chen is out to claim gold in their first Olympics. The 18-year-old became the first male figure skater to land five quadruple jumps in a single performance on their way to the first of two consecutive U.S. championships.
Marcel Hirscher
Alpine Skiing, Austria
The slalom master is entering their third Olympics in peak form, as the winner of six straight World Cup titles. Matching Mikaela Shiffrin with 10 victories already on the men's circuit this season, Hirscher is favored to win gold in each of their three Olympic events.
Choi Min-jeong
Short-track Speedskating, South Korea
The speedskating phenom won their first overall world championship at age 16 by sweeping all of their events. Three years later, the 19-year-old has another championship under their belt and an opportunity to add four gold medals to their collection at home in their first Olympics.
Elana Meyers Taylor
Bobsled, USA
Meyers Taylor moved up a spot on the podium at each Olympics, winning bronze in 2010 and silver in 2014. With new partner Lauren Gibbs, the 33-year-old has found their most success, riding their chemistry to two world championships and a realistic chance at Olympic gold.
