Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue, watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel. Today they help the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist.
Last month, the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa. Them work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB.
"Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work. But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play," says Mathabire.
In Zimbabwe's bustling capital, Harare, Mathabire earned high enough points in their studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy or nursing at university. They chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in their family. In 2008, they were between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems. Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders.
The work took them into some of Africa's grimmest situations. They helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV, tuberculosis, pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe. Then they supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus. After that, they worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan, treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war.
In 2015, they were recruited for their first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders, work that would eventually earn them an International AIDS Society prize. They knew that TB was the No. 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from their previous work, but they didn't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until they read the study's protocol. They were eager to get started on the project.
For two years, Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients, who are more susceptible to the infection.
In Malawi and Mozambique, HIV is the leading cause of death. It is often spread through unprotected sex, and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi's and 24 percent of Mozambique's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death. Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in their early 30s who left a clinic untreated. The rapid test, which analyzes a molecule in the patient's urine with a paper strip, had shown that they had TB. A coughing test didn't. But doctors weren't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man. It hadn't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization's policy guidance. The man died before they could go back to get help.
Their story wasn't unique, Mathabire says. "It's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening," they say. "You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing."
Under normal circumstances, patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB. Mathabire's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results, but the wait could drag on for months.
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care, including tuberculosis treatment, patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits. And more remote clinics don't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals.
With the rapid TB test, sick patients could begin treatment the same day. Mathabire's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour. Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours. And doctors, nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips.
Mathabire also found that patients weren't skeptical of a new method. They really wanted to take the high-tech test. Mainly peasant farmers, they took the words of the health workers seriously. "Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [and opportunistic infections] in a terrible way," they say. It was like that in Zimbabwe too.
The team's findings, published by Doctors Without Borders this year, has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing. It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems, meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients.
In a statement, International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire's research will "support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic."
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis. But their award-winning research isn't the only major event of their summer.
They moved to Falun, central Sweden, to marry an infectious disease specialist whom they worked with in Zimbabwe. True to their early love of fashion, she's sewing their own wedding dress, with glass beads, silk and lace.
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science, culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic, The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian. You can contact them @SashaIngber.
I love Toronto's streetcars. They're zero-emission vehicles, a smooth ride, and the scenery is better than in the subway. So I expected that The Trolley, which celebrates electric trams in Toronto and around the world, would be the ride of my life.
Boy, was I short-turned.
The problem is that Canadian writer/director Stephen Low is so enamoured of the streetcar that they will brook no iota of negativity in this 46-minute IMAX love letter. Do you like picturesque European squares? “The tram was the perfect final brushstroke” to their beauty. Do you fancy reliable transportation? The film shows trolleys at work in the ruins of Second World War Dresden, London and even Hiroshima.
And if you don't like streetcars, you may as well be the Devil. One photo shows evil auto barons hoisting a giant cheque in front of a torched tram. Subways – which, let's face it, don't impede surface traffic and never have to face weather – are derided as “a trolley's worst nightmare.” The annual Easter procession in Toronto's Beaches neighbourhood is reframed to look like a trolley ticker-tape parade.
On the plus side, The Trolley presents some stunning IMAX images in the service of a brief history of electric urban transportation; trolley luminaries such as Cleveland's Peter Witt, whose namesake cars plied Toronto's streets from the 1920s to the '60s; and a rosy suggestion of the future of the form.
But anti-trolley forces will be grinding their teeth at this lopsidedly cheery take on the streetcar. And even those who love the electric tram may find themselves wishing for a more balanced appraisal. The movie's smug tone may, ironically, leave you liking streetcars a little less.
A merit raise for City Manager Mark Pulone, a restructuring of fees paid by residents for some city services and a re-vote to set higher maintenance fees in one of the city's local landscape zones are recent actions taken by Yorba Linda's City Council.
First, Pulone, who began their city service in 2013, is now earning a $241,022 annual salary, up 5 percent. Pulone's latest contract amendment calls only for the salary hike, with health and retirement benefits – listed as $67,888 in the city's required report to the state – and term – through October 2021 – remaining the same as last year.
Second, a small number of fees in the City Clerk, Finance, Library and Parks and Recreation departments have been revised, while more significant fee adjustments in the Planning, Engineering and Building departments await action after completion of a new study.
The fees increased will bring in an additional $50,000 in revenue, “primarily attributable to the recommended increases to parks and recreation rental fees,” noted a report by Finance Director Scott Catlett.
The proposed fee increases to be recommended for planning, engineering and building matters “may in some cases be substantial,” Catlett stated, adding, “At that time, the council may wish to consider a gradual implementation of fee increases over a number of years, with cost recovery beginning at a lower percentage and increasing toward 100 percent each year.”
According to Catlett, “the fees for planning, engineering and building are now 12 years old,” and “because they are based on the cost of providing these services in 2005, the amount of revenue generated by the fees is clearly less than the cost of providing the service.”
With some fees up to 30 years old, officials stated an intent to update fee schedules every three years. Also, the city manager has authority to apply consumer price index increases at their discretion, with appropriate notification to the council.
Third, property owners in the northwest section of the city, including Vista Del Verde residences, are in the process of voting on increases in yearly landscape maintenance fees to $1,088 from the current $493.
The 759 parcel owners in the underfunded zone are voting by mail, with ballots due Nov. 7, the day of a public hearing set for the council meeting. Passage requires a majority of the zone's assessed valuation. The zone includes 745 residences and 14 undeveloped parcels.
Property owners in several of the city's 33 local maintenance zones voting on assessment hikes the past couple of years requested re-votes after initial tallies turned down increases.
The current vote is expected to be the last re-vote for these underfunded zones. A petition with 270 signatures was submitted seeking a new ballot, well more than the 194 required. If successful, the increase will be added to 2017-18 property tax bills from the county or, possibly, billed separately by the city.
Jim Drummond is a longtime Yorba Linda resident. They give their opinion on local issues weekly. Send e-mail to jimdrummond@hotmail.com.
5 habits that will kill your entrepreneurial dream
Vanguard
You have dreamt about it. You can feel it and you are already making money from the enterprise you established. All in dreams. Reality dawns on you and you wish it your dream will become reality instantly. But that is not how it works. You have to work …
and more »
USA Network
On Monday afternoon, WWE announced that the winner of the grudge match between Kane and Braun Strowman on Raw would determine who would go on to face Brock Lesnar for the Universal Championship at the Royal Rumble in January.
Over the past month or so, there had been a lot of speculation and scuttlebutt about who might end up challenging for the Universal title at the Rumble, as Lesnar would definitely be expected to compete on one of the three biggest shows that WWE presents every year.
Word is that the original Rumble opponent for Lesnar was former Universal Champion Finn Bálor, but WWE reportedly lost confidence in Bálor as a challenger to Lesnar's title. After that, rumors flew that perhaps Lesnar would face Strowman again, or maybe even that Lesnar just wouldn't put the title on the line at all at January's event.
DETROIT — A wireless update of antilock braking software improved the stopping distance of Tesla's electric Model 3, prompting Consumer Reports to reverse course and give the car its “Recommended Buy” rating.
The magazine said Wednesday that the update cut 19 feet off the car's stopping distance from 60 miles per hour. A previous test — the results of which were released a little more than a week ago — found that it took 152 feet for the Model S compact car to stop from 60, the longest braking distance of any modern car the magazine has tested.
The improved braking raised the car's score high enough for it to receive the coveted recommendation. But Consumer Reports still has concerns over wind noise, a stiff ride, and the touch-screen controls that could distract a driver.
After the first round of testing was made public, Tesla CEO Elon Musk promised to fix the problem within days. Consumer Reports says it was told by Tesla that the software helps the brakes adapt to variations in how they are used and how they respond in different environmental conditions.
On Twitter Wednesday, Musk wrote that they appreciate the “high-quality critical feedback” from Consumer Reports and said that noise and ride comfort already had been addressed. They didn't say how. Another software update will address the controls, they wrote.
The software update was done either via the car's cellular connection or a wireless internet link, depending on how the owner configures the car, according to Tesla.
Jake Fisher, Consumer Reports' director of auto testing, said that in 19 years of work for the magazine they have not seen a car's track performance improve with a wireless update.
Musk pledged in a tweet last week that the braking improvements would make the Model 3 best in its class. But Consumer Reports said the stopping distance was not class leading and the further updates may be necessary.
2017 UTME: JAMB cancels results of 59,698 candidates
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test (CBT) centres over their involvement in extortion and organised examination malpractices during the 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). JAMB's Registrar, Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abuja at a news conference at the end of an enlarged meeting with external examiners and other stakeholders in the conduct of the 2017 UTME.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Javier Mascherano's Barcelona future will be sorted out "soon" according to director Guillermo Amor.
The Argentina international's contract at Camp Nou still has 18 months to run but they have suggested they could leave the Catalan giants after falling down the pecking order under Ernesto Valverde.
Mascherano, who has been struggling with injuries, has seen their playing time significantly reduced in 2017-18, making just 10 appearances in all competitions.
They have suggested a move back to Argentina could be on the cards at the end of the current campaign, while Valverde has stressed their desire to keep the 33-year-old.
Exactly what will happen with Mascherano remains uncertain as the transfer window prepares to open in January, but Amor says it will soon become clear.
🏃❄️ Training with all the available first team players at the Ciutat Esportiva. Rafinha, Dembélé, Iniesta and Mascherano spend part of session with the rest of the squad. David Costas from Barça B also takes part 🔴🔵 #FCBlive pic.twitter.com/PsRn5X9oiq — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) December 8, 2017
"What happens with Mascherano we will see soon," they told Movistar.
"We have to see the movements and how everything happens.
"Mascherano is a captain, they are a winner and they are very important for us, when they play and when they do not play, when they are injured or on the bench."
Since moving to Barça from Liverpool in 2010 Mascherano has won four LaLiga titles, as many Copa del Rey and two Champions League crowns.
ROCHESTER, Minn. — Prosecutors are reviewing charges against a man held for fatally stabbing two men at a Salvation Army apartment building in Minnesota.
Police say the 53-year-old man was intoxicated when they killed the men following an argument at Castleview Apartments in Rochester, a building that provides housing for the homeless, disabled and those with mental health issues.
The man was arrested shortly after the stabbings Saturday night as they tried to leave the building through a back stairway. The Olmsted County Attorney's Office was reviewing the case Monday and expected to file charges Tuesday. The suspect was being held on two tentative counts of second-degree murder.
Police say the victims, 57-year-old Phillip William Hicks and 45-year-old Eric Alan Flemming, were stabbed in the chest and upper abdomen. Both lived in the building.
UPND wants ZNBC to feature HH on ‘Sunday Interview'
The United Party for National Development (UPND) has written to the Zambia National Broadcasting Corporation (ZNBC) requesting the public broadcaster to host its leader Hakainde Hichilema on the ‘Sunday Interview' programme.
According to a dated December 7, 2017 and addressed to ZNBC Director General Richard Mwanza, UPND spokesperson Charles Kakoma says the party wants ZNBC to feature Hichilema on 17th December, 2017.
Kakoma pointed out that as a public broadcaster, ZNBC was the best platform for different political players including the UPND to air their views key issues affecting the nation.
“I write to request that you feature the UPND leader, Mr Hakainde Hichilema on the public broadcaster's live radio and television programmes so that they can address some key issues affecting the nation. It is our belief that in a democratic dispensation characterised by different opinions, you the public broadcaster would be the best vehicle through which the UPND can equally air their views,” the letter reads in part.
In the letter, Kakoma further explains that the UPND leader will also use the opportunity to pass a message of goodwill to the people of Zambia during the Christmas period.
The Latest on the trade dispute between China and the U.S. and plans for both sides to impose tariffs on each other's exports (all times local):
4:15 a.m.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, but Washington needs to join in that effort.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts.
Merkel told the German parliament Wednesday: "It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that." They added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners.
———
11:00 p.m.
U.S. authorities are allowing China's ZTE Corp. to resume some business with American companies, temporarily easing part of a ban imposed over the tech giant's exports to Iran and North Korea.
The Commerce Department's order this week follows a settlement under which ZTE agreed to pay a $1 billion fine, replace its executive team and hire U.S. compliance officers.
The order said ZTE will be allowed to conduct business with American companies to maintain existing telecom networks and mobile phones and to support security features. The suspension lasts through Aug. 1.
ZTE suspended most operations after it was banned in April from buying U.S. components and technology. The company had been paying American suppliers an estimated $1.8 billion annually.
Can We Please Repeal Dodd-Frank Already
As most are aware, the government's response to the mortgage/banking crisis was the passage of the “Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act,” commonly known as Dodd-Frank, for the namesakes and supposed authors of the bill, Chris Dodd and Barney Fwank.
Dodd-Frank was signed into law on July 21, 2010, by our dear former president Obama. Practically the day after passage, Republicans came forth en masse to protest the law and vow to repeal it.
Well – it's been 7 years – how bout it.
Just yesterday Senator Orrin Hatch declared Dodd-Frank to be, “worse than Obamacare. I think it's one of the worst bills that's ever been passed through Congress.” Hatch added that, “To treat all these banks like they're a bunch of crooks and you have to watch everything they do is, I think, beyond the pale.”
Naturally, those on the left are all a-twitter, insisting that the infinitely more competent federal government must continue to keep these “crooks” and incompetents on Wall Street in check. Without government intervention, Wall Street and Mortgage banking would look like the Wild West.
So who's right and who's wrong, and just why did we need the over-burdening Dodd-Frank law to begin with?
Well – you can judge who is right or wrong, but to find out, we must strap ourselves in and set the way-back machine to the Carter-era Seventies. Hit It!
It all started with the “Community Reinvestment Act” (CRA), which was promoted and signed into law by progressive interventionalist, President Jimmy Carter.
As is progressive's want, Carter's plan, through the force of government, was to provide “affordable housing” to those liberals deemed less fortunate. According to progressives, the government is arbiter of what is equitable and can always fix any problem. And you see – it's simply not fair to deny people the right to affordable housing – or even unaffordable housing.
As one would expect, during the Reagan years, Carter's grand plan just languished in the shadows. It wasn't until our next progressive, Bill Clinton, that the CRA got legs. Actually, more like wings or a jet pack.
Clinton rediscovered Carter's plan and pumped it full of steroids. Through the power of their Justice Department and their stooge Janet Reno, they forced banks to offer mortgages to those who could not afford to purchase nor had a prayer of paying back the loan.
Reno threatened banks to make these loans with regulations and stiff penalties, so the banks, in turn, were forced to come up with ways to make the mortgages more palatable, such as “interest only” and “no documentation” loans. If one were of a “preferred” or “protected” class, one would not even have to prove they or they were employed.
All this, so the Clinton administration could show the voters how under Bubba's rule, the American dream of owning a home could be realized.
So where did that leave the banks? In a mighty tough spot!
The government forced them to make bad loans, thus sticking them with a lot of worthless mortgages from people who couldn't pay them.
Well, the banks could not just sit on this worthless investment. So with the aid of the corrupt quasi-government run Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the banks packaged the loans and called them “Mortgage Backed Securities” (MBS).
The banks then sold these “investments” to unsuspecting buyers who thought they would have a nice steady and stable income stream. Of course the buyers were wrong and upon discovering they had been duped, they simply repackaged the MBS and resold them. Eventually the scheme ran its course when there were no dupes left for whom to sell.
During this time the George W. Bush administration tried to clamp down on Freddie, Fannie and the banks, but were descended upon by powerful Democrats such as the asupervisorstioned Barney Frank, Chris Dodd and Maxine Waters. The dems claimed that all was well and those trying to solve the problem just wanted to deny minorities the American dream of home ownership.
That, in a nutshell, was the cause of the housing crisis and subsequent financial meltdown. And once again, we are witness to another demonstration of the government causing a problem, then swooping in to attempt to fix it.
Like Obamacare, every word of Dodd-Frank must be repealed!
Also see,
After their glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning their "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after they endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of their hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while they lavishly mourn the loss of their coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. They pop the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. They pour hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. They may have fought totalitarianism all their life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was their way or the highway. Their popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," they declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, they could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, their widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which they affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish them And so Ono allowed them to make the tea their way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and they say you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear they taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. They have the great Beatle on their side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up their 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds they were putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, their "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which they nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke their trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit they were dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, they could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
By Inutu Mwanza
Minister of Agriculture Dora Siliya says Government will start the distribution of farming inputs by 15th October, 2017 in order for farmers to prepare adequately for the 2017/2018 farming season.
Speaking on the sidelines of the Specialized Technical Committee STC on Agriculture, Rural Development, Water and Environment in Addis this morning, Ms Silya said government had put in place mechanisms to ensure that the challenges faced last year in distribution of funds were addressed.
Ms.Siliya said 200 billion kwacha had been set aside this year for the 2017/2018 farming season.
They urged Zambians to take Agriculture as a business and not only grow food for their household consumption.
Ms. Siliya said government had this year devised a mechanism to separate vulnerable farmers from those who are in farming strictly for business.
They said their ministry has recommended vulnerable farmers to the ministry of community development for assistance
The Minister noted that the E Voucher programme was a project that government had put in place to ensure timely and effective distribution of resources to farmers.
And Ms Siliya said government was eager to grow the agriculture sector by supporting irrigation and mechanization.
They said government had since constructed three water harvesting sites in order to capture rain water, adding that through irrigation, crop production could be enhanced.
The Minister also said government was committed to ensuring that there was improved mechanism in farming as opposed to the use of the hole.
They said government was taking the AU decision on relegating the hole to the museum seriously and is committed to ensuring that rural areas are empowered with tillers.
Ms. Siliya said the governments will in 2018 use the $40 million loan from EXIM bank of India purely for mechanization in Agriculture and irrigation farming.
And on the STC meeting, Ms Siliya said Africa has realized the need to support Agriculture because it had the potential to create jobs and wealth.
They said in Zambia, Agriculture was the main stay of the economy and measures had been put in place to grow the sector.
The Minister said declarations such as the Malabo declaration that demands that each country's budget targets 10 percent towards the Agriculture sector must be supported.
They said Zambia has already made tremendous progress as the Agriculture sectors budget keeps growing every year.
Alexa can follow through on a number of different commands. Users can ask them to print games like sudoku puzzles or bingo cards, their to-do or shopping lists, coloring pages and even graph paper, blank calendars or notebook paper. You can see instructions on how to set up your printer to connect with Alexa here.
The Cortana and Google Assistant skills allow for similar commands, though each assistant has capabilities that the others don't. For example, you can use the Google Assistant to print your Google Calendar or Alexa to print your Amazon shopping list. The Google Assistant HP skill launched last May while the Cortanta skill became available in October.
Anneliese Olson, HP's head of home printing, says that connecting printers with voice assistants is convenient and useful though in the future, HP printers will likely be responsive to voice commands on their own. "Integrating voice into the home printer is an undeniably useful application of the technology," Olson said in a statement. "For busy families, the virtual assistant ecosystem makes a lot of sense and connecting a printer to it is a natural extension within the smart home."
For the second successive game Sunderland went down to ten men against Wolves but unlike the week before against Reading, they didn't capitulate.
Instead they battled on, kept their organisation and came away with a vital – if unexpected – point.
When Lee Cattermole got their marching orders with a third of the game still to play, I couldn't see us holding out against a quality Championship attack and a Wolves team that have been formidable at Molineux but Sunderland's best defensive performance of the season blunted the league's high flyers.
Chris Coleman made their intentions clear with their starting line-up and system with three centre backs and two holding midfield players, the Sunderland boss wanted their team to be difficult to break down and frustrate Wolves and that they certainly did.
It might not have been pretty but it was effective and who knows, it might even have been better if Cattermole didn't have their rush of blood.
With two consecutive away clean sheets, Coleman is starting to address a glaring weakness in the Simon Grayson era and even in the last home game to Reading we kept a clean sheet while we had eleven men on the pitch.
One of the reasons for that defensive resilience on Saturday was Darron Gibson's disciplined performance, especially after Cattermole's departure.
It was noticeable they were rightly singled out for praise after the game by the manager.
It is not being unfair to say the fans haven't been overly impressed with Gibson since they arrived on Wearside but after their best game in a Sunderland shirt, a player with their pedigree has to be at that level every week now.
When a team second from bottom goes to the team right at the top you need character and a game plan to make life as difficult as possible for the opposition and while that sort of system won't get us tagged as the great entertainers, in our position Coleman can't be anything but pragmatic as points are far more important than being easy on the eye just now.
*****************
The FA Cup third round draw gave Sunderland an away tie at Middlesbrough and while usually you want a home tie, given Sunderland's form at the Stadium of Light, maybe an away game is for the best.
Chris Coleman has already said they won't play a weakened team and will give it a real go so hopefully with the players not having the pressure of league points to play for, they can express themselves and end up in the hat for the fourth round.
It goes without saying that avoiding another relegation is the most important job for Coleman as Sunderland playing in the third tier of English football must be avoided at all costs.
However, a cup run can have a positive effect on everyone.
It doesn't have to be harmful to the league games and the prospect of a Premier League team at home or even away would get many thousands of fans travelling and be a refreshing change from the Championship grind.
NEW YORK — Blake Francis scored 15 points, AJ Sumbry had 10 points and 11 rebounds and Wagner cruised to a 79-61 victory over St. Francis (Brooklyn) on Saturday for its sixth straight win.
Wagner (17-6, 10-2) has a two-game lead over Mount St. Mary's atop the Northeast Conference standings. St. Francis (10-14, 7-5) has lost two of its last three games.
JoJo Cooper added 14 points for the Seahawks, which outrebounded St. Francis 46-34. Romone Saunders had 12 points and Devin Liggeons chipped in 10.
Chauncey Hawkins scored 18 points to lead the Terriers. Glenn Sanabria added 12 points and Rasheem Dunn had 10.
Wagner had a double-digit lead midway through the first half and built a 33-22 halftime advantage. The Seahawks opened the second half with a 14-6 surge for a 21-point lead with 13 minutes left. Liggeons scored five points, and Cooper made a 3-pointer to cap the stretch.
OMNISPORT
Philadelphia 76ers center Joel Embiid completed their first full practice on Thursday since undergoing surgery in March after tearing their meniscus in their left knee.
Embiid, the third overall pick in the 2014 draft, took to Twitter to tell their fans that they are, "on a basketball court doing things".
I'm on a basketball court doing things lmao.... I'm back #TheProcess pic.twitter.com/qN0WEzqFyQ — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) October 6, 2017
Though they have been cleared for five-on-five drills, Embiid will not play in the 76ers' second preseason game against the Boston Celtics on Friday.
Coach Brett Brown has said they want to work slowly with Embiid to ensure they are ready to go on October 18 for their opener with the Washington Wizards.
"I trust them, but at the same time, I have a voice, too," Embiid said on Thursday. "I think they value my opinion. It's about being on the same page."
Former Presidential Commission on Good Government (PCGG) chairperson Camilo Sabio was charged with malversation of public funds for allegedly embezzling P632,428.03 in cash advances for their personal use and benefit.
The Office of the Special Prosecutor filed three counts of malversation of public funds under the Revised Penal Code against Sabio for allegedly misappropriating or embezzling for their own personal benefit the following cash advances intended for litigation and other related purposes – P250,000, P100,000, and P282,428.03, from 2008 to 2009, for a total cash advance of P632,428.03.
Prosecutors said Sabio being accountable over the said funds committed grave abuse of confidence when they embezzled the fund for their personal use and benefit to the damage and prejudice of the government.
ADVERTISEMENT
The prosecutors recommended a bail amount of P40,000 for each count.
Lastly, Sabio was also charged for their failure to render account, a criminal offense punishable under the Revised Penal Code, for failing to liquidate P350,000 fields or activity operating expenses in relation to the official functions of their office.
A Commission on Audit (COA) 1997 circular requires the liquidation of cash advances for field operating expenses.
Prosecutors said Sabio failed to render their account for the P350,000 cash advances in 2008 during the period prescribed by law or COA circular, “to the damage and prejudice of the government.”
Prosecutors recommended a P6,000 bail in the offense of failure to render account.
Sabio already faces a separate two counts of graft for attempting to influence their younger brother, the late Court of Appeals (CA) justice Jose Sabio, in an ownership row before the appellate court.
READ: Ex-PCGG chair Sabio charged with graft for influence peddling
In the first graft charge, the prosecution accused Sabio of allowing themselves to be persuaded, induced and influenced when they acceded to Santos' request to talk to Justice Sabio to help the Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) in a case filed against it by the Manila Electric Co. (Meralco) pending before the CA.
ADVERTISEMENT
The prosecution said Sabio's acceding to Santos' request runs counter to the Code of Professional of Responsibility for Lawyers, a duly promulgated rule by a competent authority.
In the second graft charge, the prosecution accused Sabio of willfully, criminally, and unlawfully persuading, inducing or influencing their brother Justice Sabio, when they suggested to their brother to help the GSIS in the ownership row with Meralco pending with the division chaired by Justice Sabio.
The prosecution said the act is a violation of the Code of Judicial Conduct for the Philippine Judiciary.
READ: Former PCGG Chair faces graft for influence peddling
Sabio was recently acquitted of graft and malversation in connection with the charge of pocketing almost P12 million worth of ill-gotten wealth of the Marcos family as PCGG chair.
They were cleared of the charges that they embezzled P10.35 million remittances from the Mid-Pasig Land Development Corp. and from the sale of the A. Soriano Corp., both firms sequestered from the Marcoses; and of embezzling P1.5 million cash advances for a trip in Malaysia which they supposedly failed to liquidate. IDL/rga
READ: Sandiganbayan acquits ex-PCGG chair Sabio of graft, malversation
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador — An appeals court in El Salvador has upheld a 30-year homicide sentence for a woman who insists they suffered a miscarriage, and did not carry out an abortion.
The ruling has sparked condemnation from women's rights activists like Sara Garcia, who said “once again this judicial system is creating unequal conditions for women.”
Evelyn Beatriz Hernandez Cruz was convicted in July of aggravated homicide.
Hernandez says they had been raped and didn't realize they were pregnant. They said they felt pains and passed out during what may have been a miscarriage.
They were charged with homicide for killing the fetus. Abortion is illegal in all situations in El Salvador.
The Associated Press normally doesn't name victims of alleged sexual assault, but Hernandez has spoken publicly about their case.
Business Reporter
THE relationship between Zimbabwe and the International Monetary Fund has since the coming in of the new dispensation led by President Emmerson Mnangangwa evolved in a positive direction as the country seeks to re-engage the international community in its accelerated economic revival quest.
Last month, President Mnangagwa and IMF managing director Ms Christine Lagarde met on the sidelines of the World Economic Forms in Davos, Switzerland where the two explored ways of reviving relations. IMF spokesperson Mr William Murray in a statement on Friday said the Bretton Woods institution was happy with efforts being done by the new dispensation to normalise relations.
“Our relationship with Zimbabwe has been evolving in a very positive way and for some months now. They have normalised their debt . . . we've normalised our relationship in terms of their arrears to the IMF, but they still have a significant debt overhang problem with other international financial institutions and other official creditors,” they said.
Mr Murray, however, added that a programme for Zimbabwe was still dependent on the ability of the country to clear arrears with other creditors.
“But let me also make a couple of points on Zimbabwe. Again, the managing director met with the President (Mnangagwa) in Davos and it was an opportunity for them to update each other on where things stood. As we noted, and we have been noting, the Zimbabwean economy faces severe challenges.
“An unsustainable fiscal deficit has led to severe liquidity shortages, created inflationary pressures, and threatens the viability of the financial sector and Zimbabwe's exchange rate regime.”
They added that restoring growth will require concerted efforts to tackle the fiscal deficit including through rationalising and better targeting the expense of agricultural support programmes.
“These efforts should be complemented by structural reforms to strengthen the role of the private sector by improving the business climate and reducing policy uncertainty.
The authorities are cognisant of these challenges that they face and the economy is facing and they have expressed their determination to address them.”
Mr Murray said Zimbabwe's 2018 budget also stressed Government's intentions to re-impose budget discipline, reform and open the economy, and engage with the broader international community, which is ongoing and important in terms of arrears clearance.
“The IMF stands ready to support the authorities and their efforts to address these challenges. But as we noted, in addition to a strong coherent reform programme, a concerted international effort will be required to revive and reintegrate the Zimbabwean economy.”
The IMF has been flicking signs of intending to reintegrate Zimbabwe in its programmes. The institution has been impressed by efforts by the new Government's efforts to revive relations with donor and international community.
Most international donors withdrew support to Zimbabwe after 2000.
The country cleared its 15-year-old financial arrears to the IMF in 2016 but is still in arrears with the World Bank and African Development Bank, which hampers its ability to tap development financing from the two institutions, though there have also been moves in a positive direction.
The Government has also said although they are not yet there in terms of debt clearance, they had made efforts to settle its debts and have come up with a financial programme meant to address the issue.
A team from IMF is also expected in Zimbabwe in the country in the next few weeks to engage the Government as the two institutions continue their talking to find common ground.
NEW YORK — Students from the Florida high school where 17 people were fatally shot last month expect more than 1 million participants in upcoming marches in Washington and elsewhere calling for gun regulations, students said Monday.
More than 800 March for Our Lives demonstrations are planned around the world Saturday, sparked by the Feb. 14 shooting in Parkland, Florida.
“It just shows that the youth are tired of being the generation where we're locked in closets and waiting for police to come in case of a shooter,” Alex Wind, a junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, told The Associated Press.
“We're sick and tired of having to live with this normalcy of turning on the news and watching a mass shooting,” they added.
Since the massacre, Stoneman Douglas students have been at the forefront of a push to tighten gun restrictions and protect schools.
They have led rallies and lobbied lawmakers in Washington and Florida's capital, Tallahassee. Last Wednesday, tens of thousands of students around the U.S. walked out of their classrooms to demand action on gun violence and school safety. Stoneman Douglas students fanned out Monday to discuss the marches with media outlets in New York, including NBC's “Today” show and “CBS This Morning.”
The National Rifle Association didn't immediately respond to an inquiry Monday about the upcoming marches.
Amid the wave of activism, Florida passed a law curbing young peoples' access to rifles. Some major U.S. retailers decided to curb on the sale of assault-style rifles or stop selling firearms to people younger than 21.
But Congress has shown little appetite for new gun regulations. President Donald Trump at one point proposed raising the minimum age for buying an assault rifle to 21 but then backed off, citing a lack of political support.
The Republican president has since released a school safety plan that includes strengthening the federal background check system and helping states pay for firearms training for teachers, while assigning the buying-age issue to a commission to study.
A petition associated with Saturday's march calls for banning sales of assault weapons and large-capacity ammunition magazines, as well as tightening background checks.
The suspect in the Parkland shooting, 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz, used an AR-15 assault-style rifle, according to authorities. Their lawyer has said they will plead guilty in return for a life prison sentence, rather than possibly facing the death penalty.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to get a gun legally.
Beyond making a statement, Saturday's marches aim to make political change by registering and mobilizing people to vote.
But the students insist their aim isn't partisan: “We're just trying to make sure that morally just people are running this country,” Stoneman Douglas senior Ryan Deitsch told the AP.
As soon-to-be voters, the students say they're here to stay in the public debate.
“We are not just a presence on Twitter. We are not just some social media fad. We're not like Tide Pods,” Deitsch said, referring to the laundry detergent packets that recently sparked a dangerous social-media-fueled trend of teenagers eating them.
“We're trying to push this idea that we have a voice, that people can speak out, and that that voice should be heard,” Deitsch said.
A bomb squad was deployed Monday evening and a man was detained after a routine traffic stop in Santa Ana turned up what police confirmed to be a live hand grenade.
Detectives conducted a traffic stop in the area of First and Fairview Streets at 7:58 p.m. that would spark hours of careful assessment by the bomb squad, police said. When detectives asked if the driver had anything illegal in the car, they responded that they had a hand grenade in the car.
Detectives found what was confirmed to be a live grenade in the front passenger seat, said Cmdr. Matt Sorenson of the Santa Ana Police Department.
Police immediately set up a perimeter and called out the Orange County Sheriff Department's bomb squad; the driver was detained pending further investigation, Sorenson said.
At about 10:10 p.m., the grenade was rendered safe. It was not immediately known why the grenade was in the car.
Rafael Nadal pulls out of Queen's Club tournament
French Open Champion, Rafael Nadal, has withdrawn from the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club after being advised to rest by their doctor. The 31-year-old Spaniard, winner of a record 10th French Open on Sunday, said they had had a “long clay court season''. “My body needs to rest if I am going to be ready …
The post Rafael Nadal pulls out of Queen's Club tournament appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Arsene Wenger says Olivier Giroud has taken a place alongside Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp as a scorer of great Arsenal goals with their scorpion kick against Crystal Palace.
Giroud opened the scoring in Sunday's 2-0 win, flicking their left boot behind them to guide Alexis Sanchez's cross past Wayne Hennessey and in off the crossbar.
It was a fitting moment to cap the Gunners' 200th Premier League game at Emirates Stadium, with Wenger saying the effort deserves to be remembered among close-control marvels from Bergkamp and a host of solo wonders from Arsenal record goalscorer Henry.
Wenger said: "I've been spoilt in my career because I've had many great players and strikers.
"That [goal] is certainly in the top five.
"Bergkamp at Leicester and Newcastle, Henry against Real Madrid and Liverpool. [Nwankwo] Kanu against Chelsea...
"You cannot work on that in training because it was just a reflex. They transformed that goal into art.
"It was a surprise because of the beauty of the movement and the efficiency.
"That will be remembered as the Giroud goal that no-one will forget.
"He brings the unexpected and you come to football to get the unexpected. People come to the games to see this kind of goals."
MARBLEHEAD, Ohio — A 77-year-old man in Ohio has pleaded guilty to raping a woman who posted a Snapchat video of themselves being attacked.
James Allen says they had been drinking and did not remember what happened.
Police in Danbury Township, near Marblehead, arrested Allen in early August after the victim's friend saw the Snapchat video and alerted officers. Ottawa County Prosecutor James VanEerten says the video clearly showed a sexual assault taking place.
Prosecutors say Allen pleaded guilty Friday to rape and faces up to 11 years in prison when they are sentenced in December.
Allen said Friday that they take full responsibility.
It's winter and the snow is falling. A blizzard is upon the town of Pontypool, Ontario and shock jock radio personality Grant Mazzy (Stephen McHattie) is on their way to work. While stopped Mazzy has a woman smack against their car window repeating the word blood over and over.
Mazzy makes it into the radio station and gets to work. Their co-workers technical assistant Laurel-Ann Drummond (Georgina Reilly) and station manager Sydney Briar (Lisa Houle) are the only other people at the station. Things move along like normal until Grant contacts the station's helicopter reporter Ken Loney (Rick Roberts) who reports a group of people attacking other people.  They are cut off and Grant and the rest of the station are shocked.
When Ken calls back the station but the transmission is interrupted by a transmission in French. The translated message gives out instructions to remain indoors, not to use terms of endearment, or the English language. There is a virus outbreak turning people into zombie like creatures but it spreads through language. The victims will start saying a single word in English over and over until they turn and need to infect someone else.
Grant, Laurel-Ann and Sydney finds themselves trapped in the radio station and soon Laurel-Ann starts repeating the word “missing”. Then things start getting intense. Directed by Bruce McDonald and based on the novel Pontypool Changes Everything by Tony Burgess this low budget horror is quiet, intense thriller that slowly builds the tension.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
It was in the aftermath of a hurricane that William Van Scoten escaped.
It was 1972. The 43-year-old was two years into a 10-to-20-year sentence for burglary when they were assigned to a Pennsylvania prison work detail helping communities around Wilkes-Barre clean up after devastating floods from Hurricane Agnes.
Potential leads sent authorities all over the country, but it was never known where they went.
Until now.
The U.S. Marshals Service in Scranton on Friday announced that the case may be coming to a close after learning of an alias Van Scoten used to start a new life in Canada.
Their source was Van Scoten's adult son.
Van Scoten grew up in Phillipsburg, where they were captured trying to break into an auto sale business on Route 22, according to Tim Wynkoop, a freelance photographer for lehighvalleylive.com and son of one of the arresting officers.
"To have arrested someone who was then sent to prison, only to escape later was something that they never forgot," Wynkoop said of their father, Ronald Wynkoop Sr. "If my father were living today, I know he'd be delighted to learn what happened to Billy after all these years and finally close that chapter in their book of memories."
Van Scoten twice escaped from prison. The first time was in dramatic fashion from a facility in New Jersey, using a dummy to fool the guards while they scaled a wall, according to a report Thursday from The Trentonian.
After giving authorities the slip in Pennsylvania, Van Scoten allegedly swam to Canada and started a new life in Waterford, Ontario, going by the name David Paul Hudson, working as a baker and avoiding further run-ins with the law until their death in 2003.
Their son, also named David Hudson, told lehighvalleylive.com on Friday that they were meeting relatives they never knew they had, and was scheduled to sit down with U.S. Marshals, who are working with Canadian authorities to confirm the tale.
"Persistence pays off and we are hopeful for a positive confirmation," U.S. Marshal Martin J. Pane said in a news release Friday. "It is important that the public know and fugitives know, we will never stop searching for those who try and escape justice."
Steve Novak may be reached at snovak@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @type2supernovak and Facebook. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
12 dead, dozens injured in London tower fire
A blaze engulfed a 24-story housing block in central London yesterday, trapping residents as they slept and killing no fewer than 12 people.
The fire brigade said the inferno was unprecedented in its scale and speed.
More than 200 firefighters, backed up by 40 fire engines, fought for hours to try to control the blaze, London's deadliest in a generation.
The Grenfell Tower apartment block was home to about 600 people.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said the fire raised questions about the safety of such high-rise blocks, and the BBC reported that the scale of the disaster could delay Prime Minister Theresa May's announcement of a parliamentary deal to stay in power.
Some residents screamed for help from behind upper-floor windows, others tried to throw children to safety, as flames raced through the block of about 120 apartments in the North Kensington district just before 1 a.m.
Firefighters said they had rescued 65 people – some in pyjamas – from the 43-year-old block, a low-rent housing estate overlooking upscale parts of the Kensington area.
“We could see a lot of children and parents screaming for ‘Help! Help! Help!' and putting their hands on the window and asking to help them,” Amina Sharif told Reuters.
“We could do nothing and we could see the stuff on the side was falling off, collapsing. We were just standing screaming and they were screaming.”
Another witness, Saimar Lleshi, saw people tying together sheets to try to escape.
“I saw three people putting sheets together to climb down, but no one climbed down. I don't know what happened to them. Even when the lights went off, people were waving with white shirts to be seen,” Lleshi said.
The fire sent up plumes of smoke that could be seen from miles away. The ambulance service said 68 people were being treated in hospital, with 18 in critical condition.
More than 16 hours after the fire started, crews were still trying to douse flames as they sought to reach the top floors.
But London police commander Stuart Cundy told reporters they did not believe further survivors would be found in the building.
At a nearby community center used to house some of those rescued, tensions were rising as occupants waited for news. “The fire, which was unprecedented in its scale and speed, will be subject to a full fire investigation,” said Steve Apter from the London Fire Brigade.
“Any lessons learnt from this will be borne out not just across London, across the UK – and lessons learnt globally.”
The emergency services said it was too early to say what had caused the inferno, which left the block a charred, smoking shell. Some residents said no alarm had sounded. Others said they had warned repeatedly about fire safety in the block.
The building had recently undergone an 8.7 million pound ($11.08 million) exterior refurbishment, which included new external cladding and windows.
Residents who escaped told how they woke up to the smell of burning and rushed to leave through smoke-filled corridors and stairwells.
There were reports that some leapt out of windows. Other witnesses spoke of children including a baby being thrown to safety from high windows.
Tamara, one witness, told the BBC: “There's people, like, throwing their kids out, ‘Just save my children, just save my children!'”.
Prime Minister May said their thoughts were with all those affected. Opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn said sprinkler systems should be installed in such blocks and called on the government to make a statement in parliament.
Khan, the London mayor, said questions needed to be answered about the safety of tower blocks after some residents said they had been advised they should stay in their flats in the event of a fire.
The post 12 dead, dozens injured in London tower fire appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SpaceX's Elon Musk Talks Rockets, Moon Base and Colonization
Elon Musk has unveiled plans for a new spacecraft that they say would allow their company SpaceX to colonize Mars, build a base on the moon, and allow commercial travel to anywhere on Earth in under an hour.
The spacecraft is currently still codenamed the BFR (Big F***ing Rocket). Musk says the company hopes to have the first launch by 2022, and then have four flying to Mars by 2024.
Last year Musk proposed an earlier plan for the spacecraft, but at the time had not developed a way of funding the project.
Speaking at the International Astronautical Congress in Adelaide Australia on Friday, Musk said the company had figured out a way to pay for the project.
The key, they said, was to "cannibalize" all of SpaceX's other products.
Instead of operating a number of smaller spacecrafts to deliver satellites into orbit and supply the International Space Station, Musk said the BFR would eventually be used to complete all of its missions.
"If we can do that then all the resources that are used for Falcon9, Dragon and Heavy can by applied to this system," they said.
SpaceX has been working feverishly on reusable spacecraft designs, now completing 16 successful landings in a row of its Falcon9 rocket. That was the key to allowing the ambitious design to be economic, they said.
"It's really crazy that we build these sophisticated rockets and then crash them every time we fly," they said. "This is mad."
Musk said the cost of fuel is low, and so if the crafts were fully reusable, the costs of flights drop dramatically. They said the company had already started building the system, with construction of the first ship to begin next year.
"I feel fairly confident that we can complete the ship and be ready for a launch in five years," they said.
By 2024, Musk said they wanted to fly four ships to Mars, two of which would have crew in them. By that stage, they planned to be able to build a plant on the surface of Mars that would be able to synthesize fuel for return journeys back from Mars.
For a trip to Mars, they said the craft would be able to hold about 100 people in 40 cabins. But they said once the ship is built, it could be used to travel on Earth too.
Musk did not estimate the cost of such flights, but said that most long-distance flights could be completed in 30 minutes, and you could get anywhere on Earth in under an hour.
"If we're building this thing to go to the Moon and Mars then why not go to other places on earth as well," they said.
They said the size of the payload -- which would allow items with a diameter of just under 9m -- means larger satellites could be delivered to orbit in a single mission.
At a presentation at last year's International Astronautical Congress in Guadalajara, Mexico, Musk described the earlier iteration of the system with more details about the costs.
For that earlier version, they said the cost of sending a person on the SpaceX Interplanetary Transport System would be around $200,000. Musk suggested that multiple space rockets could take 100 people each over 40 to 100 years until a million people lived there.
"It was much too big and fantastical," said Robert Zubrin, president and founder of Mars Society, a non-profit that promotes human settlement of Mars.
Musk's proposal for getting a million people to Mars as quickly as possible was, Zubrin said, "like a D-Day landing." Instead, Musk should be thinking of sending just ten people to set up an agricultural base, Zubrin said.
"Then send 20 more people and so forth to develop capabilities to make steel and eventually create institutions like schools."
"He typically goes into something with over-reach," Zubrin added, referring to Musk's tendency to over-promise with many of their projects, including delivery dates of Teslas and the progress of The Boring Company, drilling a subterranean Los Angeles commuter tunnel.
"But he's able to take criticism and adjust things to become achievable," said Zubrin.
"If they reduce their launch system from 500 tons to 150 tons or fewer, that would show he's serious and would move them from the realm of vision to the realm of engineering."
Lockheed Martin also presented an idea for a manned Mars mission at the Adelaide event. The aerospace company outlined a six-person space station called Mars Base Camp that it thinks could be orbiting the red planet by 2028 along with a lander that could descend to the surface.
Astronauts on the space station could carry out scientific research and exploration work, including operating rovers and identifying landing spots on the surface of the planet for larger vehicles.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
NEW YORK (AP) — Actress Uma Thurman, in long-awaited remarks, accused disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves on them sexually years ago in a London hotel room. Weinstein, through their attorney, acknowledged making an “awkward pass” but strongly denied any physical assault and suggested the possibility of legal action over their comments.
In a separate allegation in the same New York Times article on Saturday, Thurman also said “Kill Bill” director Quentin Tarantino during filming coerced them into driving a car that they believed to be faulty, resulting in injuries including a permanently damaged neck, a concussion and damage to their knees. A representative for Tarantino did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Thurman's allegations against Weinstein, who has been accused of rape, assault or other sexual misconduct by scores of women, had been widely anticipated since they hinted late last year that they had a story to tell but wanted to wait until they were less angry. Them story came in an interview with Times columnist Maureen Dowd.
“I used the word ‘anger,' but I was more worried about crying, to tell you the truth,” Thurman was quoted as saying. “I was not a groundbreaker on a story I knew to be true. So what you really saw was a person buying time.”
Thurman said that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with them suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading them to a steam room but that they did not feel threatened. They said that the first “attack” — the word appears in quotes — happened later in London.
“He pushed me down,” they said. “He tried to shove themselves on me. They tried to expose himself. They did all kinds of unpleasant things. But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard.”
Later, they alleged, they arranged a meeting with Weinstein and warned him: “If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you.”
The Times article says Thurman's memory of the Weinstein encounter stops there, but it quotes a friend who was waiting downstairs as saying Thurman emerged from an elevator disheveled and shaking.
“Her eyes were crazy, and they were totally out of control,” said the friend, Ilona Herman.
When Thurman was able to talk again, Herman said, they revealed that Weinstein, who was one of the most powerful men in Hollywood, had threatened to derail their career.
Though the article doesn't make clear how the London hotel room encounter ended, Thurman said: “Harvey assaulted me, but that didn't kill me.”
A representative for Thurman, Leslie Sloane, responded to an Associated Press request for more details on all the encounters by saying only: “The article speaks for itself.”
Meanwhile, Ben Brafman, Weinstein's attorney, said the producer was “stunned and saddened” by false accusations from Thurman. They emphasized Weinstein and Thurman had worked together for more than two decades.
The lawyer, in a statement, said Weinstein acknowledged making “an awkward pass at Ms. Thurman 25 years ago which they regret and immediately apologized for.” They said it was a mystery why Thurman would wait so long to come forward or “embellish what really happened to include false accusations of attempted physical assault.”
They said Thurman's statements to the Times were being “examined and investigated” before Weinstein decides whether any legal action against them would be appropriate.
Thurman, one of the stars of Tarantino's “Pulp Fiction,” also said that just before shooting began on the director's “Kill Bill: Vol. 1,” which came out in 2003, they told them about Weinstein and they confronted the mogul, leading them to apologize.
But they also described a harrowing onset episode on location in Mexico in which Tarantino ignored them expressed fears of driving a car that they had been warned might be faulty.
Tarantino persuaded them to do it, they said, quoting them as saying, “Hit 40 miles per hour or your hair won't blow the right way and I'll make you do it again.”
Video accompanying the article online — which Thurman says took them 15 years to procure — shows Thurman struggling to control the car, crashing into a tree and then being carried from the car.
“That was a deathbox that I was in,” Thurman was quoted as saying.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
(AP Photo/Carlos Osorio). In a photo from Thursday, March 8, 2018, in Detroit, Alondra Alvarez, a student at Western International High School, goes through a metal detector and has their backpack checked as they enter the school. Experts say metal detec...
By COREY WILLIAMS
Associated Press
DETROIT (AP) - Alondra Alvarez lives about five minutes from their high school on Detroit's southwest side but they drive there instead of walking because their mother fears for their safety. Once the 18-year-old enters the building, their surroundings take on a more secure feel almost immediately as they pass through a bank of closely monitored metal detectors.
"My mom has never been comfortable with me walking to school. My mom is really scared of street thugs," said Alvarez, who attends Western International.
As schools around the U.S. look for ways to impose tougher security measures in the wake of last month's school shooting in Parkland, Florida, that left 17 people dead, they don't have to look further than urban districts such as Detroit, Chicago, Los Angeles and New York that installed metal detectors and other security in the 1980s and 1990s to combat gang and drug violence.
Security experts believe these measures have made urban districts less prone to mass shootings, which have mostly occurred in suburban and rural districts.
Officials in some suburban and rural school districts are now considering detectors as they rethink their security plans after the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz allegedly brought in a duffel bag containing an assault rifle and opened fire. He's charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.
The massacre has galvanized thousands of students around the country who walked out of their classrooms for 17 minutes - one for each Parkland victim - on March 14 to protest gun violence.
"I think urban schools are eons ahead. They've been dealing with violence a lot longer than suburban schools," said Philip Smith, president of the National African American Gun Association.
During the mid-1980s, Detroit was one of the first districts in the nation to put permanent, walk-through metal detectors in high schools and middle schools. New York schools also had them in some buildings.
By 1992, metal detectors had been installed in a few dozen Chicago high schools. And in 1993, under pressure to make schools safer, Los Angeles' district announced that it would randomly search students with metal detectors.
Such measures "are designed to identify and hopefully deter anybody from bringing a weapon to school, but metal detectors alone portray an illusion of being safe," said Nikolai Vitti, superintendent of the 50,000-student Detroit Public Schools Community District.
"Our schools need to be safer than they are," Vitti said. "As a nation, we need to fully fund and make sure all districts can adequately staff school resource officers and also offer mental health and first-aid training to all educators."
Security measures don't always keep guns off school grounds. A 17-year-old high school senior was killed and another student wounded March 7 in a Birmingham, Alabama, classroom shooting. Metal detectors at the school were not in use that day. A 17-year-old student has been charged with manslaughter.
Two students were shot and three people suffered other injuries in February when a gun in a backpack accidentally fired inside a Los Angeles Unified School District middle school. The district does random metal-detector wand searches daily in middle schools and high schools. A 12-year-old girl has been charged with being a minor in possession of a firearm and having a weapon on school grounds.
In response to the Parkland shooting, Florida's governor has said they want to spend $500 million to increase law enforcement and mental health counselors at schools, to make buildings more secure with metal detectors and to create an anonymous tip line.
A package of legislation passed by the New York state Senate includes provisions for metal detectors and improved security technology in schools. A parent in Knox County, Kentucky, has said their law office would donate $25,000 for metal detectors in schools there.
Alvarez, the student at Detroit's Western International, said they and others who attend the school go through metal detectors every morning. Them elementary and middle schools also had metal detectors.
"I've always seen it as something that made me feel safe," they said, adding that all schools should have them and not just inner-city ones "so students don't feel discriminated against."
Metal detectors are seen as a symptom of a "stigma that already exists," said Mark Fancher, staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan's Racial Justice Project.
"There is a presumption that urban schools - particularly those with students of color - are violent places and security demands you have procedures in place that are intended to protect the safety of the students," Fancher said.
But metal detectors, property searches, security guards and police in schools create conditions similar to those found in prisons, they said.
"Students, themselves, internalize these things," Fancher said. "If you create a school that looks like a prison, the people who go there will pretty much decide that's what is expected of them."
Many urban districts have a greater awareness and sensitivity when it comes to students' needs, said Kenneth Trump, president of the Cleveland-based National School Safety and Security Services, a K-12 security consulting firm.
"I think in urban schools, the approach of most of the educators, administrators and security personnel is, 'We realize there are issues kids bring to school,'" said Trump, who has been in the school safety field for more than 30 years. "The people will tell you, 'We are not in denial ... we acknowledge our problems. We just don't have enough resources to deal with it.'"
Suburban and rural administrators, parents and students often view themselves as different from their big-city counterparts, and that may impact how they treat school security, they said.
"There's very often that divide of 'There's us and there's them. We're not the urban district. We are the alternative. We're the place people go to get away from the urban district,'" they said.
___
Associated Press writer Jesse Holland in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A federal appeals court is weighing in on an unusual lawsuit by a group of young people who say the Trump administration is violating their constitutional rights by failing to address climate change.
A three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments Monday from attorneys for the administration and the 21 young people, who range in age from 10 to 21.
The Trump administration wants the 9th Circuit to order a lower court to dismiss the suit, saying it is broad and without merit.
The San Jose Mercury News reports (http://bayareane.ws/2knQczY ) that two of the judges voiced skepticism about the administration's request.
The lawsuit was originally filed against the Obama administration in 2015.
The Baby Blacks have started their World Rugby U20s championship campaign with an emphatic 67-0 win over minnows Japan in Narbonne, France this morning.
New Zealand scored a total of 11 tries as their power and pace proved too much for a Japanese team that has recently returned to the top tier of the championship, after winning the second division last year.
New Zealand will play Wales in their next Pool A match on Monday morning (NZT) and then Australia the following Friday.
Tweets and Photos: Arsenal players react to winning at Middlesbrough
Feliz por la entrega del equipo y por la victoria este triunfo es para los Gunners 💪🏽happy for the effort of the team, this victory is for the gunner's family #gunners … great moment giving this gift to this little boy #happyeaster la felicidad de un niño me hace feliz ❤️ #making a kid happy makes me happy too ❤️ A post shared by Alexis Sanchez (@alexis_officia1) on Apr 17, 2017 at 3:02pm PDT
Arsenal got back to winning ways at the Riverside Stadium last night as they recorded a 1-2 win over Middlesbrough.
Manager Arsene Wenger made six changes and switch to a three-man defence after last week's defeat at Crystal Palace. Despite some nervy moment, the shake-up ultimately had the desired effect and the Gunners secured all three points.
Star men Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil scored the goals either side of Alvaro Negredo's equaliser.
Here's what the Arsenal players had to say about the game.
Good to get back to winning ways on the road. Too see so many fans make the trip up on a Monday night means a lot! Safe journey home #COYG 🙌 — Rob Holding (@RobHolding95) April 17, 2017
Catholic Church Confirms Killing of Two Priests by Herdsmen in Benue
George Okoh In Makurdi
The Makurdi Diocese of the Catholic Church has confirmed the killing of two of its priests by marauding herdsmen on Tuesday morning.
It named the priest as Rev. Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha.
According to the Director of Communication of the diocese, Fr. Moses Iorapuu, the two priests have been confirmed dead in a deadly attack by herdsmen/jihadists early Tuesday in Mbalom village and St. Ignatius Quasi Parish Ukpor-Mbalom.
They said in their classic style, they burnt down homes, destroyed food items and killed at will.
Details to follow….
The post Catholic Church Confirms Killing of Two Priests by Herdsmen in Benue appeared first on THISDAYLIVE.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sports News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: Goal.com
2017-08-14
Timothy Fosu-Mensah
Crystal Palace manager Frank de Boer believes new acquisition Timothy Fosu-Mensah has just the right qualities to make their outfit a better side.
The Dutch youth star completed a switch from Manchester United on Thursday, penning a season-long loan deal.
They joined the list of new signings including Jairo Riedewald and Ruben Loftus-Cheek.
“Timothy is a player who has great pace and incredible physical ability,” de Boer told their club's official website.
“In today's game, you need players with strength and speed and they are an individual with that, and as well as defence, can also play in midfield.
“From knowing them at Ajax, I can remember they were always playing in the team above for their age due to being physically very strong.
“His quality attracted a number of other clubs and I was very sad and disappointed when we lost them at a young age to go to Manchester United.”
Fosu-Mensah's transfer has been necessitated by limited playing opportunities under Jose Mourinho, having made only four league appearances for Manchester United last season.
They joined the Red Devils in 2014, and under Louis van Gaal in 2015-16, had eight top-flight outings in their first year of elite division football.
“Under Louis Van Gaal a couple of years ago, they made their debut and I have been keeping a check on their progress and he's ready to play games in the Premier League and that is why I am pleased to have brought them to Crystal Palace,” de Boer added.
“I am seeing them in our system as a right centre back but they can also play full back in a 4-3-3.
“It is always nice as a manager to have a player who can play in more than one position so that you get the quality across the squad.”
The 19-year-old of Ghanaian descent made their Palace debut on Saturday, playing 78 minutes of the 3-0 home defeat to Huddersfield Town in the Premier League opener.
Finding a story which can cross-cultural barriers with a universal theme will help Indian animation industry get noticed and empower it to compete globally, says Amit Baadkar, who has lent their creative inputs to projects like ‘Finding Dory' and the forthcoming ‘Cars 3'.
Baadkar, who hails from Karwar city of Karnataka, has been working as Effects Technical Director at Pixar Animation Studios since 2010.
“I am not in touch with the Indian animation industry but I have seen movies like ‘Baahubali'. It is not animation, but visual effects in general… I feel that there needs to be a work culture (where) people help others get better,” Baadkar said in an interview.
According to Baadkar, a strong story will give wings to the industry to fly higher.
“I think one of the biggest things in animation is the story. If you have a story that resonates with different cultures and people… Even if the quality of animation is not that good, with a great story you can appeal to a lot of people. Once you have a great storyline, that will really help (Indian animation industry) compete globally.”
According to a FICCI-KPMG report, India's animation industry generated revenues to the tune of Rs 51.1 billion in 2015, marking a growth rate of 13.8%.
The 2016 revenues were Rs 59.5 billion with growth of 16.04 per cent. It also stated that the domestic animated films “struggle at the box office due to under penetration of screens and direct competition with high quality Hollywood animated content”.
The Rock Springs Lady Tigers were unable to make things happen offensively as they fall, 51-34, to the Kelly Walsh Lady Trojans tonight in Casper. The Lady Tigers are now 2-2 in conference play and 8-7 overall.
The Lady Tigers were lead in scoring by sophomore Ky Buell. Buell poured in 22 points. Senior Selena Cudney put in 5 points and senior Kyla Henry pitched in 4.
The Lady Tigers are in Casper again tomorrow as they take on the Fillies from Natrona County. Game time is set for 1 p.m. Listen to the game live on WyoRadio's am 1360 krkk.
ARLINGTON, VA – Is it possible to develop a tool that identifies young drivers who match the characteristics of safer, older commercial drivers? That's something the American Transportation Research Institute is trying to find out – and it has unveiled the first phase of related research.
“As a group, younger drivers are at higher-risk than other age groups. However, by selecting for younger drivers with specific physical and psychological characteristics, it may be possible to identify young drivers with the same characteristics as a safe, veteran driver,” the newly released findings conclude.
The search for a potential assessment tool is driven largely by the fact that drivers from 18-25 are a relatively “untapped” group of potential employees in trucking. U.S. regulations require drivers to be 21 before earning a Commercial Driver's Licence to operate across state lines. While people from 20-24 represent 9.8% of the workforce, they represent just 5% of those employed in trucking.
“While the 18 to 25 year age group is high-risk as a whole, there are likely to be individuals within this age group who are more similar to safe, experienced drivers than their peers,” researchers found.
So far the research conducted with Dr. Monica Luciana, a psychology professor at the University of Minnesota, has included a review of scientific literature on driver characteristics such as personality, health and cognition, and safety outcomes. The next phase of the research will involve a beta test of an assessment tool on a small sample of veteran and entry-level drivers.
"The potential to screen for the safest candidates among younger new entrants is an exciting step in the industry's workforce expansion. We look forward to working with ATRI in the development and testing of the Younger Driver Assessment Tool," said Greg Koepel, Roehl Transport's vice president – workforce development and administration.
You can download this technical memo from ATRI's website at TruckingResearch.org.
It is a question worth asking, this being an historic year for American dyspepsia, and this also being that particular week that comes round every year when Americans assert their mettle in fireworks displays and patriotic barbecues with degrees of fervour Canadians would never be so coarse as to exhibit, or so we might flatter ourselves by claiming.
The simplest way of putting the question: is America irreparably broken?
Quite a few Americans appear to believe so. In a Rasmussen Reports poll published last week, nearly a third of respondents said they think it is likely that political tensions in the United States will deteriorate to the point of civil war — that's right, civil war — sometime in the next five years. There's not that much difference between Democrats (37 per cent) and Republicans (32 per cent) on the question, either. This would seem to be a pretty big deal. A surprising 59 per cent said they were worried that opponents of President Donald Trump would resort to violence. Then again, early on in Barack Obama's presidency, 53 per cent of Rasmussen respondents were worried that Obama's opponents would turn violent.
The latest poll was undertaken during a uniquely shouty moment in the Trump presidency, when both Republicans and Democrats were loudly outraged at Trump's “zero tolerance” policy in the apprehension of migrants crossing the Mexican border. The policy had the cruel effect of separating children from their families. The children, some only infants, were ending up in detention facilities in what appeared to be cages. Understandably, there was a lot of shouting about that.
In a roundabout way, the bipartisan ruckus was enough to briefly redeem one's faith in basic American decency. But it would have been quite wrong to conclude that Americans were giving some sign that they would warm to calls from the left of the Democratic Party to lengthen the list of “sanctuary cities,” or, more dramatically, to abolish ICE, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency established as part of the Homeland Security laws following the atrocities of Sept. 11, 2001.
Another poll, for instance, suggests that there's little American appetite for that sort of thing, and maybe there's been quite enough already in the way of sanctuary cities, which are jurisdictions where the authorities refuse to co-operate with federal immigration officials in apprehending undocumented migrants, and which do not solve or even address the problem, however luridly exaggerated, of illegal immigration to the United States.
The Harvard-Harris poll, conducted around the same shouty time as the Rasmussen poll, asked whether people who cross the border illegally should be allowed to stay in the country, or be sent home. Sixty-four per cent of Americans said they should be sent home. Designed by strategist and former Bill Clinton pollster Mark Penn, the poll result would appear to place most Americans on Trump's side, broadly speaking, on the weirdly overblown American shouting-match topic of illegal migration.
The poll respondents were unambiguously opposed to the separation of children from their parents in cases of border apprehensions — 88 per cent said families should be kept together, and they faulted Trump for the policy of separating families. But a majority — 55 per cent — said the migrants should be held in custody until a judge heard their claims. Which is what Trump ended up ordering.
Asked whether illegal immigrants arrested for crimes should be turned over to immigration authorities, 84 per cent answered “yes.” A mere 16 per cent were content to go along with the sanctuary city policy of non-co-operation. About Trump's signature aspiration of building some sort of “wall” between the U.S. and Mexico, a surprising majority of Americans appear to support something along those lines. Asked whether they are in favour of some combination of physical and electronic barriers along the U.S.-Mexico border, 60 per cent answered “yes.” The same proportion of respondents said border security was inadequate.
Asked whether illegal immigrants arrested for crimes should be turned over to immigration authorities, 84 per cent answered yes
Since this seems to suggest a majority in support of Trump's border policies, generally speaking, maybe there aren't such deep and troubling divisions in the United States after all — at least if the severely controversial issue of illegal immigration is anything to go by.
There are divisions, nonetheless, and they go beyond the familiar left-right divide, and they transcend the usual, almost tribal divisions between Republicans and Democrats. “Identity politics” has come to almost wholly replace the conventionally broad class-based politics of the 20th-century left. There are deep splits among leading American conservatives about the phenomenon of Trumpism. There is a weird confluence of interest between the so-called “far left” and the hard right, so much so that Fox News bleater Sean Hannity is chummy as all get out with former hipster-left darling Julian Assange, and the popular anti-establishment paranoid Glenn Greenwald is treated with the utmost decorum in their Fox News exchanges with fellow “deep state” obsessive Tucker Carlson. The heartland is alienated from the coasts. The cities are disconnected from the countryside. And so on.
Depending on how you read the data, Americans are either profoundly pessimistic, or just preposterously nostalgic. Unique in the developed world, Americans polled in a massive global Pew Foundation survey last December said life was better 50 years ago (41 per cent) than it is today (37 per cent). More recent data from an in-depth Gallup survey suggests this anomaly must arise from something like nostalgia, because the Gallup survey, released this week, shows that Americans haven't been this cheerful about the days to come in quite some while.
The Gallup survey shows that Americans haven't been this cheerful about the days to come in quite some while
Fifty-five per cent of respondents said the United States' best days are yet to come, while 41 per cent said the good days are long gone. The last time Gallup polled Americans on the question was in 2012, during the Obama years, when Americans were evenly split on the question. Republicans are cheerier nowadays, with seven in 10 saying better times are ahead. Democrats are as glum, or as sanguine, as they were in 2012: with them, it's 50/50. But overall, American satisfaction with the general direction of their country hasn't been this firm in 12 years.
So no, America is not irreparably broken, and a civil war is not likely to erupt in the United States any time soon. But just having to say that out loud should tell you something about how precipitous, and how very strange, everything has suddenly become.
How refreshing to see an opposition manager bristle post-match, frustrated by Sunderland and their team's inability to get past them.
Too often this season they have been a soft touch, opponents taking points off them without having to get anywhere close to their best.
WWC 0-0 SAFC 09-12-2027. Picture by FRANK REID
Here, Nuno Espirito Santo was left to bemoan Sunderland's lack of ambition and called on their fans to be patient in future games like this.
It will have been music to Chris Coleman's ears.
Here they saw a grit and determination that at times this season it has been only right to question.
They also saw their tactical message getting through, Sunderland clearly responding to a week's worth of intensive drilling on the training ground.
The discipline off the ball was excellent and when reduced to ten men, the organisation and resilience was even more impressive.
It is testament to their display that the frightening individual quality of Ivan Cavaleiro and Ruben Neves was seen only in fleeting glimpses.
Of course, Sunderland need wins and the next step for Coleman is to improve the confidence and composure on the ball. The Black Cats still look uncomfortable bringing the ball out from the back and too often make poor decisions, taking just one touch too many.
Two home games loom, in which at least one win is an absolute necessity and more attacking quality is therefore a must.
Lee Cattermole's red card meant they did not have the opportunity to show ambition here. Joel Asoro and Aiden McGeady were poised to offer a counter-attacking threat in the latter stages but instead the Black Cats had to sit deep and settle for a point.
That they did so will come as a significant psychological boost, particularly given the way they caved after Callum McManaman's dismissal just a week earlier. It is a platform to build on and four games in, Chris Coleman will feel they have something to work with.
Four points may not be a remarkable return but three of those games have been away from home. Two have been against Aston Villa and Wolves, who boast the most expensively assembled squads in the league, and in that time they have picked up two clean sheets, here and at Burton Albion.
At a club where the memory of Sam Allardyce and their guide for success still commands instant respect, that is a tangible sign of progress.
A point a game from here on in would likely see Sunderland relegated but it would not require a huge uplift on that to steer Sunderland into mid-table.
If Coleman can improve the home form and add a touch of flair in January, their short-term goal will have been fulfilled and work on the long-term rebuilding project can begin in earnest.
As the manager says himself, it will be a long, hard season, but given the raft of injuries and suspensions they have been faced with, there have been many encouraging signs.
Dropping Aiden McGeady to the bench was a bold call but one entirely vindicated by the excellent displays from George Honeyman and Lynden Gooch.
Both have much to work on, but their endeavour will guarantee more opportunities. Coleman has also given chances to Joel Asoro and Elliot Embleton and key points in crucial games.
It is a shot across the bows of the senior players (many of whom were excellent here) that is probably long overdue.
Coleman proved here that they can motivate and foster unity in a squad, and that the coaching from them and their backroom staff can make a tangible difference where it matters.
The next battle is to combine this defensive discipline with a touch more incision at the other end.
That is no easy task, and while so many remain sidelined there will be as many setbacks as there are step forwards.
There are, however, positives to cling onto. That has not always been the case this season.
ANAHEIM – Here's what you need to know about the Ducks' 4-3 shootout win over the Philadelphia Flyers on Sunday night:
THE GAME IN 140 OR LESS
- The Ducks were outplayed throughout the ice for 60 minutes. Two in their lineup got them a win – their goaltender and their best player.
THE QUOTE
- “Throughout a season, you got to win different ways. Good teams, they win with their B, C, D games. You're not going to have your “A” game every night and we certainly didn't tonight. But we found a way to win.” – Ryan Kesler
THE PLAYER
- John Gibson. How do you edge out a three-goal performance by Ryan Kesler? Just tie a goaltender franchise record for the regular season by making 51 saves to get your team to a shootout and then stop four of five tries to get your team a win in a game it hardly deserved.
THE MOMENT
- In overtime, Flyers defenseman Michael Del Zotto ripped a shot that drilled Gibson in their mask and knocked it off. Gibson was momentarily stunned but flung their neck-length hair back, gathered themselves to stay in the game and then got the Ducks through the rest of the problem area that has been the five-minute 3-on-3 session.
THE THOUGHT
- It was 13 years since the Ducks allowed 55 shots in a regular-season game so you would think that this was more of an outlier and not a disturbing trend. Even after that, they're 10th in shots allowed per game so there hasn't been a barrage every single night. But while no team wants their goalie facing a shooting gallery every time out, the Ducks might have liked to see John Gibson respond by stealing a game when it was patently clear that they had to do so if they were to be victorious. He's been leaned on more than ever and maybe there's been a bit of a challenge issued to the one that is their No. 1. Gibson hasn't taken the giant leap toward stardom and that may frustrate some. But there have been a few incremental steps taken and a recent effort in Calgary along with their complete theft against Philadelphia show as examples. Huge saves in overtime were big when they hadn't been doing those in their seven defeats. Some competitive fire shown with Ducks coach Randy Carlyle after being pulled and then back on the ice in an impressive close-down performance isn't a bad thing for one that can almost look too cool at times.
THE TREND
- Hampus Lindholm has a plus-6 rating and played no fewer than 20 minutes, 6 seconds in their last 12 games.
THE NEWS
- Ryan Getzlaf left the game after just one shift played in the third period due to a lower-body injury. Ducks coach Randy Carlyle did not have an update on the severity of the injury after the game.
- Defenseman Shea Theodore was sent down to San Diego (AHL) as Sami Vatanen returned to the lineup following a three-game absence due to an illness. Brandon Montour remained with the team but did not play.
THE DRESSING ROOM
- “I don't think we played a particularly good game today. But that's what it's all about. You got to find a way to win. Kesler and Gibby were huge for us. Obviously Kes scoring three goals and I don't know how many shots they ended up with. Gibby made some really big saves at key times and managed to find a way to win in the shootout. A good two points for us but we've got some stuff to work on.” – Jakob Silfverberg
- “We knew that they were going to push and they pushed a lot in the second. I think everybody kind of locked it down after the second. Obviously they still had a lot of shots. We knew we wanted to come away with the win. It was a big game coming in and we held ourselves accountable.” – John Gibson
- “It's just one of those things where you just got to be ready for whatever. You never know what's going to happen throughout a game. Just try to make sure kind of even keel and never get too high or too low. And just do your job.” – John Gibson
- [Ryan is] a pretty good player. They get lots of opportunities to play but they play up against the other team's top offensive players and tonight they were matched up against Giroux. I just felt that would be the best game that he's played for our hockey club form an offensive standpoint this year. They still are a hard guy to play against. They drew a penalty and we didn't have many of them. We didn't have many power plays for our group but we didn't earn them. And that's the bottom line.” – Randy Carlyle
- “He made some big saves. The chances I had, more often than not are in the back of the net, that's where I like to have the puck. We'll look at the positives, like how we created our offense. Tonight were some of the best quality chances I've had in a while, so if I can keep building off that, I'll be able to put them in the back of the net.” – Michael Del Zotto
THE KEY STATS
- The Flyers had an 85-54 edge in shot attempts, putting 55 of theirs on net.
- Andrew Cogliano and Jakob Silfverberg each had an assist and a plus-2 rating.
- Ryan Kesler also led the Ducks with five shots on goal and won 11 of 19 faceoffs.
- Ryan Getzlaf had an assist and four blocked shots before leaving due to injury.
- Michael Del Zotto and Brayden Schenn each had a game-high seven shots for the Flyers.
- Shayne Gostisbehere had an assist and 10 shot attempts – five on net – in 20:45.
- Josh Manson led the Ducks with five hits and had a plus-2 rating
- Flyers defenseman Radko Gudas had four shots, five blocked shots and six hits.
- Cam Fowler logged a game-high 29:15.
- Hampus Lindholm played 25:27 and had a plus-2 rating.
THE RECORD
- 19-12-8 (11-4-2 at home, 8-8-6 on road), second place in Pacific Division
THE NEXT ONE
- The Ducks play the Detroit Red Wings on Wednesday at Honda Center at 7:30 p.m.
CONSUMER confidence remained resilient over the last financial year, despite uncertainties caused by Brexit, according to bosses at Hitachi Capital Consumer Finance.
Robert Gordon, the chief executive of Hitachi Capital UK, said that market conditions had been “a real test for UK households” and there has been much cause for economic uncertainty.
However, the amount of loans taken out is evidence that UK consumer confidence is high, and people are keen to get on with their lives, Mr Gordon said.
They added: “These customers and their unfailing optimism will be integral to sustaining UK economic growth over the next period as we navigate further difficult economic terrain.”
In the financial year 2016 to 2017 Hitachi Capital Consumer Finance saw a 13.3 per cent rise in personal loans processed, and an 8.4 per cent rise in retail finance credit applications.
During this period, the company also served more than 425,000 customers, a 5.4 per cent year-on-year increase.
In a trading update, Hitachi Capital Consumer Finance said: “This is all in spite of the testing market conditions over the past 12 months, which many anticipated would curb consumer spending... 2016/17 was an excellent year of growth for the comp- any.”
The strongest areas of growth for retail credit were leisure, healthcare and personal computer with +60.8 per cent, +14.9 per cent and +16.5 per cent rises respectively, the company said in its trading statement.
Never under-estimate the power of a cow even if it's bogged down in river mud.
Fire-Rescue firefighters from Waldport, Yachats and Toledo were confounded by their inability to quickly rescue a cow that had wandered into high water, sinking deep into the mud at Elkhorn and North Beaver Creek Roads.
Firefighters tried a number of tactics but none worked. So they called in a vet from Newport and ordered a large animal harness from somewhere in Toledo.
While firefighters looked on, little did they know that the cow was about as fed up with the situation as they were. Just before the harness from Toledo pulled up, the cow gave it the “ole bovine try” and got enough feet unstuck to make some progress up the incline to drier ground. And once self-rescued it slogged farther up the hill toward the barn.
Rescue over.
Return to base.
Shutterstock
Throughout President Trump's time in office, they have tweeted dissatisfaction with the media for not covering the stock market and focusing on other issues like Russia. Unfortunately for Trump, the Department of Labor just released its September jobs report and showed that the U.S. lost jobs for the first time in seven years. The bad numbers, however, don't have much to do with Trump, but the negative coverage will nonetheless annoy him.
While the overall unemployment rate fell and year-over-year wages rose slightly, the economy lost around 33,000 jobs when a modest gain was expected by Wall Street analysts.
According to the data, the hospitality and leisure industries saw heavy losses, partly due to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma hitting areas that rely on those industries (the Department of Labor does not include Puerto Rico in these numbers, hence no accounting for Hurricane Maria's damage). However, the storms are not expected to have a longterm effect on the labor market:
Using Hurricane Katrina in August 2005 as a benchmark, Jim O'Sullivan, chief United States economist at High Frequency Economics, said they expected payroll gains to bounce back by the end of the year. “That was pretty much a two-month story at the time,” they said. Payroll gains had averaged 249,000 in the six months before Katrina. After New Orleans found itself underwater, employment gains averaged 76,000 over the next couple of months before rebounding to 341,000 in November 2005.
The Department of Labor also reported that the economy added nearly 40,000 fewer jobs than previously reported over July and August.
(Via New York Times)
(AP Photo/Brian Skoloff, File). FILE - This April 2, 2017 file drone photo shows the U.S.-Mexico border fence on the outskirts of Nogales in southern Arizona. A U.S. border patrol agent is going on trial for second-degree murder in U.S. District Court ...
(AP Photo/Anita Snow). In this Dec. 4, 2017 photo, a slogan asking for justice for 16-year-old Mexican youth Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was shot and killed on a street in Nogales, Sonora, Mexico, is displayed on the streets' border wall where he...
(AP Photo/Anita Snow). In this Dec. 4, 2017 photo, a portrait of 16-year-old Mexican youth Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was shot and killed in Nogales, Sonora, Mexico, is displayed on the street where they were killed that runs parallel with the U.S....
(AP Photo/Brian Skoloff, File). FILE - This April 2, 2017 file photo made with a drone, shows the U.S. Mexico border fence as it cuts through the two downtowns of Nogales, Ariz. A U.S. border patrol agent is going on trial for second-degree murder in U...
By ANITA SNOW
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A U.S. border Patrol agent accused of shooting across the border into Mexico and killing a teenager five years ago will go on trial Tuesday on a charge of second-degree murder in a rare Justice Department prosecution of a fatal cross-border shooting.
The agent, Lonnie Swartz, is accused of killing 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was on the street in Nogales, in the Mexican state of Sonora, just across the border from Nogales, Arizona. An autopsy showed the unarmed teen was hit 10 times, mostly from behind.
The trial in U.S. District Court in Tucson comes amid President Donald Trump's immigration crackdown and their pledge to build a "big, beautiful wall" along the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometer) U.S.-Mexico boundary.
Swartz opened fire at about 11:30 p.m. on Oct. 10, 2012 through the metal poles of a 20-foot (6-meter) fence that sits on a 25-foot (about 7.6-meter) embankment above Mexico's Calle Internacional, a street lined with homes and small businesses.
The killing shocked the two communities of Nogales. About 20,000 people live on the Arizona side and about 300,000 live on the Mexico side, but the two communities linked by family members, trade and culture have long been referred to locally as "Ambos Nogales" - "Both Nogales" in Spanish.
Swartz's defense lawyers have said Elena Rodriguez threw rocks just before they were shot as an attempt to create a distraction for a drug smuggling attempt and that the officer was justified in using lethal force. They want jurors to visit the site at night to experience the area after dark.
Witnesses from the Mexico side of the border said they did not see the teen throw rocks and their relatives have denied they were helping drug smugglers, saying they were walking home after playing basketball.
The U.S. Attorney's Office has said it won't dispute that the boy was throwing rocks, but it's unknown if they had any link to drug smugglers and the point is irrelevant because an unreasonable amount of force was used.
Swartz pleaded not guilty after being indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 and is currently on administrative leave and free on their own recognizance. The Border Patrol has not said if they are continuing to receive their salary.
Defense attorney Sean Chapman last week (March 15) declined to comment while the trial is ongoing and a spokesperson for the agents' union, the National Border Patrol Council, did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
The case is expected to last more than a month and activists who support immigrants have said they will protest outside the court.
"For so long, prosecutors have been reluctant to charge Border Patrol agents with violent crimes," said John Fife, a retired Presbyterian minister who was active in the sanctuary movement that sheltered citizens of Central American countries who came to the U.S. in the 1980s fleeing civil war. "Now we will see if they can be held accountable."
The Border Patrol came under close scrutiny during the Obama administration for allegations of excessive use of force. Customs and Border Protection, its parent agency, reported 55 incidents in which employees used firearms from Oct. 1, 2011 to Sept. 30, 2012. The number of incidents fell to 17 for the period from Oct. 1, 2016 to Sept. 30, 2017.
Lee Gelernt, a New York-based lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, said they believe Swartz will be the first border agent prosecuted by the Department of Justice in a fatal shooting across the international line.
Gelernt is handling a parallel civil case, now before the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco, which the teen's mother filed against Swartz seeking monetary damages.
The civil case argues that Elena Rodriguez was protected by U.S. constitutional guarantees for due process when they were shot dead in Mexico because the two communities of Nogales are part of a unique cross-border community.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman fell down a ditch and got their leg trapped in a wire fence in Frodsham during the early hours of Wednesday morning (February 15).
Emergency services were called to the scene on Mill Lane shortly after 1am.
Firefighters had to use wire cutters and bolt croppers to free her, then handed them into the care of paramedics.
A spokesperson for Cheshire police, who also attended, said: "A woman had been walking and slipped into a ditch, where they got caught on a fence."
 They are not thought to have sustained any serious injuries, but was taken to Warrington General Hospital.
Today is World Smokefree Day and Bay of Plenty support service Hāpainga has proved to be the best of its kind in the country.
New Zealand has 16 quitting support services and each one is required to record the number of clients who are smokefree four weeks after their set quit date.
Hāpainga has been in the top spot for the last nine months.
Team leader Lizzie Spence says it's great news for the team of practitioners who support people to quit smoking across the Western and Eastern Bay of Plenty.
“The small team really focuses on treating each client as an individual. Quitting smoking is a real journey. Our team might meet with a client several times before they set a quit date. Building a rapport and trust with them is quite crucial to the successful outcome”.
The team uses a carbon monoxide detector, similar to a breathalyser, at four weeks to measure whether or not patients have smoked.
“Low to nil levels of carbon monoxide shows the person is smokefree,” says Spence.
The facts:
TOWNSEND (WATE) – Park rangers are searching for a Blount County teen believed to be lost in the southwestern area of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Austin Bohanan, 18, was reported missing around 6:30 p.m. on Sunday. Thirteen members of the Park Search and Rescue Team began a ground search Monday morning, focused on the southwest area of the park near Highway 129.
No other details have been released at this time.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Motorists who illegally drive in bus lanes around Chester could find themselves receiving a £60 fine because cameras may be watching from on high.
The latest camera to be installed covers a section of bus lane in Upper Northgate Street where the traffic flow was reversed to make it easier for buses to access the new bus interchange.
People have witnessed unauthorised vehicles not only using the short bus lane but even travelling in the wrong direction, posing a serious danger as they head towards oncoming traffic.
Cheshire West and Chester Council has also introduced the Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology at the new bus interchange to deter motorists from using the bus lane slip road off the inner ring road.
There are camerae warning signs across the city although it seems unlikely cameras are present at every location.
CWaC says the cameras, which read the vehicle number plate, are there to discourage irresponsible drivers who wilfully ignore traffic regulations and drive in bus lanes, slowing up public transport users. The recorded digital images are checked by trained officers.
Transgressors receive a £60 Penalty Charge Notice (PCN) which is reduced to £30 if paid within 14 days. It's worth noting that most of the existing bus lanes can also be used by taxis and cycles.
Unauthorised driving in bus lanes is also a criminal offence and police still have the power to prosecute.
CWaC says cameras will cover the following bus lanes in the first phase of its programme:
■ Chester Bus Interchange Access (off St Oswald's Way)
■ Upper Northgate Street
■ Wrexham Road
■ Hough Green
A second phase is likely to include:
■ Sealand Road
■ Love Street
Maria Byrne, the council's director of place operations, said: “We're using bus lane cameras to help us to manage the highway network, and encourage more people to cycle and use public transport, as buses can travel more quickly around the city.
“The vast majority of motorists do follow the rules but there is a selfish and irresponsible minority who drive in bus lanes, slowing up buses and disrupting other road users.
“We're currently setting up all our back office systems and the additional enforcement will be introduced in phases later this summer. More information about the start dates will be available soon.”
Manuel Neuer is the world's best goalkeeper and their return to training was incredible, according to Germany defender Niklas Sule.
Neuer, 32, missed almost the entire season after breaking their foot in Bayern Munich training last year.
But the shot-stopper is making a timely return for Germany, who included Neuer in their preliminary squad for their World Cup defence.
Sule was impressed by what they saw from Neuer in training ahead of the goalkeeper's return against Austria in a friendly on Saturday.
"At first I couldn't believe it, when Manu did their first training after four months out and sensationally saved one ball after the other. It was as if they had never left," they said on Wednesday.
"I hadn't witnessed something like that before. Their body language is simply incredible.
"He is the best keeper in the world, and for me it is great to play with them at the Bayern and cause them problems by shooting my swirling shots on goal."
Neuer is Germany's undisputed number one if fit, which would leave Barcelona goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen on the bench.
While not guaranteeing Neuer's spot, Germany assistant coach Thomas Schneider said the shot-stopper would start if ready.
"The coaches Jogi [Low, head coach] and Andi [Kopke, goalkeeping coach] talked to Marc-Andre, who had a very good season and is an important part of the team since the Confederations Cup last year and who got even better this year," they said.
"But Manu is a complete goalkeeper. Their name, the way they move, their presence on the pitch and their technical skills. They have been named the world's best goalkeeper for a reason.
"Of course it is no easy situation for Marc now, but when you have such a unbelievably good goalkeeper in your team like Manuel, you want them to play."
Liverpool's players have been training at the Rhein-Neckar Arena ahead of tomorrow's Champions League qualification playoff first leg against Hoffenheim.
The Reds arrived in Germany this afternoon and were soon pressed into action for a training session in which they were able to familiarise themselves with the stadium and the playing surface before tomorrow's crucial game.
You can see Jurgen Klopp's squad being put through their paces in the video below.
And here are a selection of photos from this evening's training session.
FILE PHOTO: Ahmad Khan Rahimi, an Afghan-born U.S. citizen accused of planting bombs in New York and New Jersey, appears in Union County Superior Court for a hearing in Elizabeth, New Jersey, U.S., May 15, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New Jersey man convicted of planting bombs in Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood does not deserve multiple life sentences and should be able to further their education and see their family while spending the rest of their life in prison, their lawyer argued on Friday.
Ahmad Khan Rahimi, 30, faces sentencing on Feb. 13 in federal court in Manhattan over the attack, including a bomb that injured 30 people when it exploded on Sept. 17, 2016.
Jurors convicted Rahimi in October on all eight counts they faced, including the use of a weapon of mass destruction. Rahimi became known as the "Chelsea Bomber."
In a letter to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, who will impose punishment, Rahimi's lawyer Xavier Donaldson said their client deserves no more than life plus 45 years in prison, all but 15 years of which are required by law.
Donaldson said Rahimi, a naturalized U.S. citizen who was born in Afghanistan, has completed classes in business, entrepreneurship and drama since their arrest.
They said Rahimi should be allowed to "avail themselves of any educational opportunities" they qualify for while in prison, and said the father of three should be housed as close to Virginia as possible so family can visit.
Donaldson urged Berman not to "unnecessarily stack" extra life sentences on Rahimi for three of the eight counts.
"The obvious severity of a life sentence plus 30 years is crystal clear: said sentence is intended to ensure that Mr. Rahimi is never released," they wrote.
On Jan. 16, federal prosecutors also urged a life sentence for Rahimi.
They said Rahimi has "failed to show remorse" and has tried to radicalize fellow inmates with Islamic State and al Qaeda propaganda. [nL1N1PB28U]
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Members of the Boots and Buckles 4-H club participated in hands on learning consisting of ways to help a choking victim as well as CPR.
The members were instructed by Allied Health and Nursing instructor Deb Purcell and one of their nursing students, Chase.
Submitted photo
LOS ANGELES — The Philadelphia Eagles might have lost star quarterback Carson Wentz for the rest of the season even as they clinched the NFC East title.
Wentz threw for 291 yards and four touchdowns before leaving with an injured left knee and Jake Elliott kicked the go-ahead 33-yard field goal with 3:45 left for the Eagles, who beat the Los Angeles Rams 43-35 in a thriller Sunday to clinch their first division title since 2013.
Two sources familiar with the injury tell The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz has torn their left anterior cruciate ligament and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
“I don't know anything yet until we evaluate them fully tomorrow,” said coach Doug Pederson, adding that Wentz will have an MRI on Monday. “It's just a report. You're speculating that he's going to be out. I was really blocked on the play so I've got to check out the tape tonight on the way home. They did get up a little hobbly. I knew something was up but didn't know the extent of it, obviously.”
Wentz had a brace on their left knee as they were driven up the tunnel at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on a golf cart. They got off and hobbled about 30 feet to one of the team buses.
Asked about Wentz's mood, Pederson said: “He's excited. NFC East champs, he's fired up.”
Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information.
Wentz was hit hard as they dived into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding. They stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery four plays later to give the Eagles a 31-28 lead.
Nick Foles replaced Wentz on the next drive for Philadelphia (11-2).
“I just saw them favouring their leg a little bit and it's just one of those things where they toughed it out, threw a touchdown,” Foles said. “He's one of the toughest players I've played with. They came to the side and got checked and I was told be ready to go in.”
Foles said Wentz was waiting for the team when it came into the locker room after the game.
“The guy's really rallied. It means a lot to this team, it means a lot to me. Excited we're NFC East champs but it's emotional, a guy you work with every day who you think the world of, you know I think he's the MVP; it's not easy but I know this team will step up and rally no matter what.”
The NFC West-leading Rams (9-4) then went up 35-31 on Todd Gurley's second short TD run.
Elliott kicked a 41-yard field goal to pull the Eagles to 35-34. Their go-ahead field goal was set up when Chris Long, a second-round draft pick of the then-St. Louis Rams in 2008, had a strip-sack of Jared Goff, with Rodney McLeod recovering.
Seeing Wentz go out didn't change the Rams' thoughts on their chances to win.
“There was still the whole fourth quarter left, and Nick's no slouch himself,” Goff said. “He's played in the league for a long time and can do some things and clearly showed that tonight.”
The game ended on a crazy play, when Philadelphia's Brandon Graham grabbed a lateral by Tavon Austin out of the air and scored what was ruled a 16-yard fumble return.
WENTZ AND GOFF
This was the eighth time in the Super Bowl era that quarterbacks taken No. 1 and No. 2 overall in the same draft squared off, with the No. 1 dropping to 5-3. Goff was the first pick overall in 2016, followed by Wentz.
Goff threw for 199 yards and two touchdowns.
Wentz bounced back from throwing an interception on the game's third play to throw touchdown passes on the Eagles' next three possessions for a 21-7 lead. They threw a 5-yarder to tight end Brent Celek and a beautifully threaded 20-yarder to Trey Burton in the first quarter, and then another nicely thrown scoring pass to Burton in the second quarter, this one for 11 yards. Wentz's 33 TD passes are a franchise single-season record.
MOMENTUM SWING
The Rams scored twice in a span of less than two minutes early in the third quarter to take a 28-24 lead. The big momentum swing came when Blake Countess returned a blocked punt 16 yards for a touchdown. The punt was blocked by Michael Thomas, and the ball bounced right to Countess in stride.
INJURIES
Eagles: Aside from Wentz, starting tight end Zach Ertz missed the game with a concussion.
Rams: CB Kayvon Webster, who intercepted Wentz on the game's third play, ruptured an Achilles tendon and was taken off the field on a cart late in the first quarter. Tackle Andrew Whitworth also suffered an ankle injury but returned. Trumaine Johnson was in the concussion protocol.
UP NEXT
Eagles: At New York Giants on Sunday.
Rams: At Seattle on Sunday.
——
AP Pro Football Writer Rob Maaddi contributed to this report from Philadelphia.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Subscribers will have access to all of NBC's Olympics coverage, but content in their Olympics collection will be ranked based on their preferences. Hulu is also putting together other collections of content that will compile highlights and clips from the Games.
Comcast announced earlier this month that it's also giving Xfinity subscribers some useful and exclusive ways to view Olympic coverage. Its offerings include a feature that will let users jump into a live broadcast at any point and restart it from the beginning as well as "virtual channels" that will be centered on both specific sports and themes like "biggest upsets" and "funniest moments." Additionally, Olympics fans can catch some Olympic preview shows over on Netflix and NBC is releasing VR coverage of the Games that will work on a number of devices.
With so much Olympic coverage available for viewers to watch, Hulu's personalization tools are definitely useful. The Olympic Games kick off on February 8th and run through the 25th.
Image: Hulu
OTTAWA — Dozens of activists championing the rights of women and girls are gathering in Ottawa this week to make sure Prime Minister Justin Trudeau remembers their promise to bring along their lauded feminist credentials when they host G7 leaders at a resort in La Malbaie, Que., in June.
The Liberal government is making gender equality a major theme of its G7 presidency this year, including by pushing for measures aimed at boosting the economic empowerment of women and increasing female participation in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
The W7 summit — with the ‘W' standing for ‘women' — that opens tomorrow is a way to ensure the voices of feminist activists from around the world are heard around that exclusive table.
The group of about 70 women from 20 countries will be delivering their own set of recommendations for how Canada and other G7 countries could address gender equality, including when it comes to peace and security, climate change, violence against women and how to build a stronger — and more inclusive — feminist movement.
They will also be pushing Canada to stand firm on its commitment to the more controversial issue of sexual and reproductive health rights, including access to abortion, which could pose a challenge for Trudeau when it comes to bringing President Donald Trump onside.
Paulette Senior, president and CEO of the Canadian Women's Foundation, says the activists at the W7 summit are calling on leaders to go beyond the “platitudes” of declaring themselves to be feminists and get serious about policies that actually improve the lives of women and girls.
The Palestinian Authority has released six Hamas-affiliated journalists, whose arrests last week sparked a public storm in Judea and Samaria, according to Yediot Ahronot.
At the same time, Hamas released a journalist from Gaza, who is identified with Fatah.
March 25: Film critic Gene Shalit is 92. Singer Anita Bryant is 78. Singer Aretha Franklin is 76. Actor Paul Michael Glaser (TV's “Starsky and Hutch”) is 75. Musician Elton John is 71. Actress Bonnie Bedelia is 70. Actress-comedian Mary Gross is 65. Actor James McDaniel (“NYPD Blue”) is 60. Saxophonist Steve Norman of Spandau Ballet is 58. Actress Brenda Strong (“Desperate Housewives”) is 58. Actress Marcia Cross (“Desperate Housewives”) is 56. Actress Lisa Gay Hamilton (“The Practice”) is 54. Actress Sarah Jessica Parker is 53. Turner Classics Movies host Ben Mankiewicz is 51. Singer Melanie Blatt of All Saints is 43. Actor Domenick Lombardozzi (“Boardwalk Empire”) is 42. Actor Lee Pace (“Pushing Daisies”) is 39. Comedian Alex Moffat (“Saturday Night Live”) is 36. Singer Katharine McPhee (“Smash,” “American Idol”) is 34. Comedian Chris Redd (“Saturday Night Live”) is 33. Rapper Big Sean is 30. Producer Ryan Lewis of Macklemore and Ryan Lewis is 30. Actor Matthew Beard (“The Imitation Game”) is 29. Singer-actor Aly Michalka of Aly and AJ (“Hellcats”) is 29. Actor Kiowa Gordon (“Twilight”) is 28.
March 26: Actor Alan Arkin is 84. Actor James Caan is 78. Singer Diana Ross is 74. Actor Johnny Crawford (“The Rifleman”) is 72. Singer Steven Tyler of Aerosmith is 70. Singer-actor Vicki Lawrence is 69. Actor Martin Short is 68. Country singer Ronnie McDowell is 68. Drummer Monte Yoho of The Outlaws is 66. Country singer Dean Dillon is 63. Country singer Charly McClain is 62. Talk-show host Leeza Gibbons is 61. Actress Jennifer Grey is 58. Actor Eric Allan Kramer (“The Hughleys”) is 56. Actor Michael Imperioli (“Life on Mars,” “The Sopranos”) is 52. Guitarist James Iha of Smashing Pumpkins is 50. Country singer Kenny Chesney is 50. Actress Leslie Mann (“Knocked Up,” “This Is 40”) is 46. Actor T.R. Knight (“Grey's Anatomy”) is 45. Rapper Juvenile is 43. Actress Amy Smart (“Road Trip,” “Felicity”) is 42. Actress Keira Knightley is 33. Rapper J-Kwon is 32.
March 27: Actor Julian Glover is 83. Actor Jerry Lacy is 82. Actor-director Austin Pendleton is 78. Actor Michael York is 76. Keyboardist Tony Banks (Genesis) is 68. Keyboardist Andrew Farriss (INXS) is 59. Jazz musician Dave Koz is 55. Movie director Quentin Tarantino is 55. Bassist Johnny April of Staind is 53. Actress Talisa Soto is 51. Actor Ben Koldyke (“Masters of Sex,” “How I Met Your Mother”) is 50. Actress Pauley Perrette (“NCIS”) is 49. Singer Mariah Carey is 48. Drummer Brendan Hill of Blues Traveler is 48. Actress Elizabeth Mitchell (“V,” “Lost”) is 48. Actor Nathan Fillion (“Castle”) is 47. Singer Fergie of Black Eyed Peas is 43. Actress Emily Ann Lloyd is 34. Actress Brenda Song (“The Suite Life of Zack and Cody”) is 30. Singer Kimbra is 28. Actress Taylor Atelian (“According to Jim”) is 23.
March 28: Actress Conchata Ferrell (“Two and a Half Men”) is 75. Actress Dianne Wiest is 72. Country singer Reba McEntire is 63. Actress Alexandra Billings (“Transparent”) is 56. Rapper Salt of Salt-N-Pepa is 52. Country singer Rodney Atkins is 49. Actor Vince Vaughn is 48. Rapper Mr. Cheeks of Lost Boyz is 47. Actor Ken L. (“The Parkers”) is 45. Singer-songwriter Matt Nathanson is 45. Guitarist Dave Keuning of The Killers is 42. Actress Julia Stiles is 37. Singer Lady Gaga is 32. Musician Clayton Knight of Odesza is 30.
March 29: Comedian Eric Idle is 75. Singer Bobby Kimball of Toto is 71. Actor Bud Cort (“Harold and Maude”) is 70. Actor Brendan Gleeson (“Harry Potter”) is 63. Actress Marina Sirtis (“Star Trek: The Next Generation”) is 63. Actor Christopher Lambert (“Highlander”) is 61. Singer Perry Farrell of Porno for Pyros and Jane's Addiction is 59. Comedian Amy Sedaris is 57. Model Elle Macpherson is 55. Singer-harmonica player John Popper of Blues Traveler is 51. Actress Lucy Lawless (“Xena: Warrior Princess”) is 50. Country singer Regina Leigh of Regina Regina is 50. Country singer Brady Seals is 49. Actress Megan Hilty is 37.
March 30: TV personality Peter Marshall is 92. Actor John Astin is 88. Actor Warren Beatty is 81. Drummer Graeme Edge of the Moody Blues is 77. Musician Eric Clapton is 73. Actor Paul Reiser is 62. Actor Ian Ziering (“Beverly Hills 90210”) is 54. Singer Tracy Chapman is 54. TV host Piers Morgan is 53. Drummer Joey Castillo (Danzig, Queens of the Stone Age) is 52. Actress Donna D'Errico (“Baywatch”) is 50. Singer Celine Dion is 50. Singer Norah Jones is 39. Actress Katy Mixon (“Mike and Molly”) is 37. Country singer Justin Moore is 34. Country singer Thomas Rhett is 28. Rapper NF is 27.
March 31: Actor William Daniels (“St. Elsewhere”) is 91. Actor Richard Chamberlain is 84. Actress Shirley Jones is 84. Musician Herb Alpert is 83. Actor Christopher Walken is 75. Comedian Gabe Kaplan (“Welcome Back Kotter”) is 74. Actress Rhea Perlman (“Cheers”) is 70. Actor Robbie Coltrane (“Harry Potter” films) is 68. Actor Ed Marinaro (“Hill Street Blues,” “Sisters”) is 68. Guitarist Angus Young of AC/DC is 63. Bassist Bob Crawford of The Avett Brothers is 47. Actor Ewan McGregor is 47. Rapper Tony Yayo is 40. Actress Kate Micucci (“Raising Hope”) is 38. Actor Brian Tyree Henry (“Atlanta,” “Book of Mormon”) is 36. Jazz trumpeter Christian Scott is 35. Guitarist Jack Antonoff of fun. and of Bleachers is 34. Actress Jessica Szohr (“Gossip Girl”) is 33.
SPARTANBURG, S.C. — A South Carolina man convicted of killing seven people says they have more victims who have not been discovered.
The Herald-Journal of Spartanburg reports that, in an eight-page letter, Todd Kohlhepp wrote that they tried to tell investigators and informed the FBI, but they said “it was blown off.” They also wrote, “At this point, I really don't see reason to give numbers or locations.”
Don Wood, chief division counsel with the FBI's Columbia office, said the agency has a pending investigation, but wouldn't comment specifically on what the FBI is doing.
The 46-year-old Kohlhepp pleaded guilty in May to seven counts of murder for killings that took place over more than a decade, all as they ran a real estate business. They were sentenced to life in prison.
Their string of crimes was uncovered in 2016 after police rescued a woman chained at the neck in a storage container and investigators found a body buried in a shallow grave. The woman told investigators they saw Kohlhepp shoot and kill their boyfriend, who went with them for a cleaning job on the suspect's property.
Rodriguez is still under contract at Real Madrid, father insists
Playmaker James Rodriguez will stay at Real Madrid despite being linked with a move, according to their father.
James, struggling for game time at the LaLiga leaders, is reportedly wanted by Premier League giants Chelsea and Manchester United.
But their agent, Jorge Mendes, and now their dad Wilson have said James will remain at Santiago Bernabeu.
“He has a commitment to Real Madrid and they have a contract,” Wilson Rodriguez told Colombian media.
“He is going to stay.”
James has made just eight league appearances for Madrid this season, with four of those starts.
They arrived at the Spanish giants from Monaco in July 2014 in a reported €80 million move.
• Culled from Soccerway.com
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Monica Osagie Appears Before OAU Panel Over Sex-For-Marks Scandal
Monica Osagie, the lady at the centre of the sex-for-marks scandal rocking the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, has appeared before the committee set up by the school to probe the incident. An audio recording of a senior academic staff of the school, Prof Richard Akindele, allegedly soliciting for sex in exchange for marks from […]
The post Monica Osagie Appears Before OAU Panel Over Sex-For-Marks Scandal appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The full extent of the software upgrades isn't available, but the new wristwear should also support offline Spotify playback. So long as you have a pair of Bluetooth headphones, you won't need to bring your phone to get a soundtrack for your gym sessions. GPS tracking was already included in the Fit 2 and should carry over here.
There's no mention of pricing, not to mention whether this will replace or complement the Fit 2. The Pro badge suggests that it could be sold alongside the earlier wristwear, but nothing mentioned so far would explicitly justify a price hike. There are only a few days until the reported launch, though, so it won't take long to learn whether or not the new model is within your budget.
Former Zachary star and LSU redshirt first-year student quarterback Lindsey Scott Jr. has announced he's leaving the Tigers' football program.
Head coach Ed Orgeron commented on Scott's announcement.
Scott is a former Warrick Dunn Award winner for the WAFB-TV high school football player of the year.
They were having a hard time getting reps during fall camp behind senior incumbent Danny Etling and quickly progressing true first-year student Myles Brennan.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
ROCHESTER, Minn. (AP) — Some city planners and residents are concerned about the scope and timeline of a proposed $257 million riverfront development in Rochester.
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
BEIJING — The co-chairperson of HNA Group, a conglomerate that operates China's fourth-largest airline and finance, logistics and other businesses around the world, died in an accident while on a business trip in France, the company said Wednesday.
Wang Jian, a co-founder of the company, suffered “severe injuries” in a fall in Provence in southern France and died Tuesday at age 57, said an HNA Group statement. It gave no other details.
Regional French media outlet France Bleu said Wang fell a dozen or so meters (yards) while taking photos on a high wall in Bonnieux, a town in a region famed for its panoramic views.
Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan, HNA expanded into finance, hotels, logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree.
More recently, HNA has been selling some assets as Chinese regulators tighten lending controls and press companies to rein in debt.
Wang graduated from the Civil Aviation University of China and received an MBA from the Maastricht School of Management in the Netherlands, according to their company.
HNA agreed last year to acquire a hedge fund operated by Anthony Scaramucci, an aide to U.S. President Donald Trump. That never received regulatory approval and the two sides called off the deal in April.
When is The Real Marigold Hotel on TV?
Fresh on the heels of a Christmas special, the new series of The Real Marigold Hotel is back on screens on Wednesday 15th February at 9pm on BBC1.
Is it the same celebs as last time?
No. Sadly we've bid farewell to Miriam Margoyles & co after their festive jaunt to Japan and Florida and for this series we welcome a brand-new batch of famous faces.
Bill Oddie
Who has signed up?
Packing their bags and heading to India this year is: wildlife presenter Bill Oddie, actor Amanda Barrie, soul singer Sheila Ferguson, entertainer Lionel Blair, commentator Dennis Taylor, TV personality Rustie Lee, agony aunt Dr Miriam Stoppard and actor and singer Paul Nicholas. They'll be exploring retirement in India over the course of four episodes.
Where is The Real Marigold Hotel filmed?
This year the series is set in the tropical paradise of Kerala, southern India, with the celebrities living together in a 16th century mansion by the sea in Kochi. Episode one will follow them as they visit the area's famed waterways.
On their Birthday Today, Here are 14 Times President Donald Trump set Twitter on Fire
Although people began paying attention to President Donald Trump‘s tweets when they declared their interest to run for president, they have however been on Twitter since March 2009 and their tweets have always been a tad controversial. They have over 22 million followers, and according to an analytic website, they tweet at least 7 times a […]
The post On their Birthday Today, Here are 14 Times President Donald Trump set Twitter on Fire appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WINNIPEG — A Manitoba researcher is shocked that someone has slain more than 50 garter snakes at the site of their study.
The sheer numbers of snakes in Manitoba's Interlake has made the area world famous, and University of Manitoba biology student Neil Balchan visits the area often for their research.
They say he's studying movement behaviour and climate effects on the reptiles as their honour thesis.
But this week they went to the site and there were “dead snakes everywhere.”
Balchan says they appear to have been killed with rocks and sticks, and some were decapitated.
One snake even appears to have been shot in the head.
“This wouldn't have been a quick death at all,” says Balchan. “And it obviously would have been very painful.”
Balchan says he's puzzled why anyone would want to hurt the snakes, noting that they aren't venomous and don't pose any kind of threat.
“I have no explanation for it. I've been thinking and trying to rationalize it. And there's no reason in my mind that someone would go out into the wild and do that kind of damage to an animal.”
Manitoba Sustainable Development says it is aware of the incident.
“While the incident as described is disturbing, we understand this incident was outside the Narcisse Wildlife Management Area, so in this case they would not be protected,” says the department.
(CTV Winnipeg)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Occupants of a house in Chester were left terrified after offenders pushed a bin against their front door before setting it alight.
Police have launched an investigation for witnesses to come forward following two other bin fires on Lorne Street in the past week.
One took place on Saturday, May 26, and two others in the early hours of Tuesday, May 29, between 4am and 4.30am.
On one of the latter occasions, a bin was pushed against the front door of the house and was set on fire, causing slight damage.
A number of people were inside the property at the time but were unharmed.
Detective Inspector Carlos Brunes, of Chester CID , said: “We're currently following a number of lines of enquiry and as part of my investigation I am urging anyone who may have seen suspicious behaviour to come forward and report it to police on 101.
“I also want to encourage local residents to take extra precaution by putting bins in a safe place behind locked gates and advising only placing them outside their property on collection day. This will greatly help to avoid them becoming a target for arsonists.
“It is also important residents ensure they have a smoke alarm fitted in their property to help detect a fire in its early stages.”
Anyone with any information is asked to contact Cheshire police on 101 quoting IML 77811 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
MCSN woos COSON, seeks reconciliation of royalties
Guardian (blog)
Sequel to its approval and licencing to operate as rights and royalties collective society by the Nigerian Copyright Commission (NCC), Musical Copyright Society Nigeria (MCSN) Ltd/Gte has approached the Copyright Society of Nigeria (COSON) for …
and more »
MOBILE USERS CLICK HERE TO WATCH
NEW YORK (WFLA) — The New York City Police Department says one person is in custody after an explosion near Times Square Monday morning.
According to the department's Twitter account, the explosion came from an unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue in Manhattan.
Law enforcement tells the Associated Press a man had an explosive device strapped on when it exploded in the subway around 7:30 a.m.
An NYPD official tells NBC News one person suffered a minor injury. That is the person who is in custody.
The A, C and E lines have been evacuated.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders says President Donald Trump has been briefed on the situation.
.@POTUS has been briefed on the explosion in New York City — Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 11, 2017
This is a developing story, please check back for updates.
Retired Major General Yair Naveh, who was chief of the Israel Defense Forces Central Command during then prime minister Ariel Sharon's disengagement from Gaza and northern Samaria has expressed support for an Israeli return to Homesh and Sa-Nur, two of the northern Samarian Jewish communities that were uprooted as part of the unilateral pullout.
In an interview with Yisrael Hayom to be published on Friday, the former deputy chief of staff said, "There is no doubt that neither in Gaza nor in Samaria have we created any security advantage." They expressed doubt if it was possible and worthwhile to renew the Israeli presence in the communities of Ganim and Cadim. Next week, Naveh will attend a conference attended by coalition Knesset members to accelerate a bill to allow the return of residents of northern Samaria who were evicted.
FRIBOURG, Switzerland — Michael Matthews of Australia won the opening Tour of Romandie prologue on Tuesday for their first victory of the season.
Matthews was one second faster than Tom Bohli of Switzerland on the 4-kilometre (2-1/2 mile) route around Fribourg. Primoz Roglic of Slovenia was third.
After a stellar 2017, when they won two Tour de France stages and the green jersey as most consistent finisher, Matthews had a low-key European spring season.
The Team Sunweb rider told Swiss broadcaster RTS it was a "massive relief" to get their first win.
It's not exactly halcyon days at the Halcyon Hotel in London. World War Two is just kicking off and proprietor Lord Hamilton is struggling to keep their indiscretions under wraps, while their wife is furious, their son sulky and the other one about to go off to war. It's a lot for the Hamilton family and the hotel's staff to handle.
But in the middle of all that, there's drinking and dancing and singing as life goes on at the luxury hotel, where guests and staff are determined to have a good time.
Here are the stars of ITV's The Halcyon – described as a "sexier Downton" – and where you have seen them before:
Alex Jennings – Lord Hamilton
Who do they play? Lord Hamilton owns The Halcyon. They use it for illicit meetings (both political and romantic) – but they run into trouble when everything begins to unravel, with their latest affair coming out into the open and their meetings to discuss appeasement hitting the media.
Where have I seen him? Everywhere. Recently, Jennings has played both the Duke of Windsor in The Crown and King Leopold in Victoria.
Steven Mackintosh – Richard Garland
Who do they play? Mr Garland is the calm and professional hotel manager, but there's more to them than first meets the eye.  They are the engine of the hotel, keeping everyone's secrets and making sure everything runs smoothly. With a strong sense of duty and responsibility, they are also prepared to get their hands dirty and outsmart their opponents to protect The Halcyon. They also have a secret they would rather forget.
Widower Mr Garland is devoted to grown up daughter Emma and will do anything to protect them
Where have I seen him? Mackintosh is one of those actors who can turn their hand to anything. He's appeared in Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Luther, The Land Girls, The Other Boleyn Girl and Our Mutual Friend.
Olivia Williams – Lady Hamilton
Who do they play? Lord Hamilton thinks they and their wife have an "understanding", but the limits of that understanding are tested when Lady Hamilton arrives at The Halcyon while they are in bed with their latest woman. The staff rush to stop them reaching the door, but she's humiliated to find out everyone knows what's going on. It's a tricky time for Lady Hamilton – but as a snob with a nasty streak, she's far from likeable.
"She begins thinking that they are in control, which is a wonderful delusion to have," Williams told RadioTimes.com.
"And as they walk through the door and gets closer to the royal suite, they realise that they aren't in control. And I think it's a humiliation and a tragedy and a crisis in the life that everybody dreads, the realisation that your partner is not only being unfaithful to you, but has been being unfaithful to you for a long time and everybody else knows about it."
Where have I seen her? A veteran of stage and screen, Williams has starred in Rushmore, The Sixth Sense and An Education.
Hermione Corfield – Emma Garland
Who do they play? Emma is the daughter of Mr Garland, working as a receptionist at The Halcyon – the hotel where they grew up. She's just coming of age when the war hits, and romance looks set to bloom between their and childhood friend Freddie Hamilton despite their very different positions in life. Emma is headstrong and capable, with a strong sense of justice.
Where have I seen her? This seems to be Corfield's moment. The 23-year-old recently starred in Pride and Prejudice and Zombies as well as 2015's Mr Holmes, and next year she'll be in XXX: Return of Xander Cage and King Arthur: Legend of the Sword.
FC Cincinnati will join MLS in 2019 after being granted an expansion franchise, the league announced on Tuesday.
Already competing in the United Soccer League – the country's second-tier competition – Cincinnati will begin playing next season ahead of the planned opening of a new 21,000-seat stadium in 2021.
Cincinnati have been a sensation in their three years in existence, with a better average attendance than some MLS teams from the very beginning.
Those numbers are at an all-time high so far in 2018, with an average of 24,417 coming out to home games at the University of Cincinnati's Nippert Stadium.
That number is more than double the next-best average in the USL and would rank fifth among MLS's 23 teams this year.
"Major League Soccer is proud to introduce Cincinnati as our 26th team," Commissioner Don Garber said. "The rise of Cincinnati as a passionate soccer market in recent years, coinciding with the city's growing economy and reputation as a top destination for young professionals makes it an ideal city for our growing league.
"We congratulate Carl Lindner and their partners, and also the soccer fans of Cincinnati, who have passionately supported FC Cincinnati in the USL."
Cincinnati's support has made the club a favourite in the current round of MLS expansion, but the city had to sweat it out as stadium details were finalised and Nashville were awarded one of two available franchises late last year, leaving Cincinnati to fend off Detroit and Sacramento for the other spot.
Now Cincinnati will join the league a year ahead of Nashville (and the long-awaited Miami team backed by David Beckham), making the transition next season.
Cincinnati will continue to play at Nippert for at least two more seasons before the planned opening of their new stadium.
MLS still plans to add two more teams in the coming years, bringing the total to 28.
HARRISBURG, Pa. — A district attorney ruled Monday that state police acted properly a year ago when they shot and killed a man they suspected of murdering a state trooper in a rural area of central Pennsylvania.
Huntingdon County District Attorney David Smith issued their decision in the Dec. 31 death in Hesston of 32-year-old Jason Robison.
The two-page report said troopers searching for Robison found them inside a camper not far from where Trooper Landon Weaver had been killed.
Smith said the investigators retreated and secured the area, and a short time later, Robison appeared at the camper door, holding a pistol.
“Troopers at the scene ordered Robison numerous times to drop their gun, which they refused to do,” Smith wrote. “Robison moved as if to advance from the camper while still holding the pistol in their hand. After Robison began to move, members of the state police fired shots at Robison, who was struck in the head, torso, arms and legs.”
A .32-calibre Beretta pistol was recovered beside Robison's body. It contained eight live rounds, and there were two other bullets in the pocket of their jacket.
The prosecutor deemed the killing as justified and said authorities will not the release the names of troopers involved.
Investigators said earlier this year they recovered 22 spent rounds from the scene, none that matched Robison's gun.
Weaver had gone to Robison's home to investigate an alleged violation of a protective order for texting their ex-girlfriend.
Robison's mother, Sherry Lou Robison, told investigators their son pulled a handgun out of their pants and walked toward the trooper. They then heard a popping sound and saw Weaver fall to the floor, bleeding.
Weaver, 23, had been with the state police for about a year. They had been married about six months before their murder.
.
PHILADELPHIA (CBSNewYork/AP) — Eagles star quarterback Carson Wentz has a torn left ACL and will miss rest of the season and playoffs, coach Doug Pederson confirmed.
Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, had an MRI on Monday that revealed the severity of the injury. Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter Sunday at Los Angeles. Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a 43-35 win over the Rams that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
NFC East Champs! So proud of the resiliency of this team. Such a special group of men. And I greatly appreciate all the prayers! I know my God is a powerful one with a perfect plan. Time to just lean in to them and trust whatever the circumstances! #Proverbs3:5-6 — Carson Wentz (@cj_wentz) December 11, 2017
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player. Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters, return specialist/running back Darren Sproles, star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season.
“If there's ever an opportunity for me to rally the troops as the football coach, now might be the time,” Pederson said. “You can't lose faith. This has been a resilient football team all season long.”
After starting all 16 games as a rookie, Wentz made a giant leap this year. They passed for 3,296 yards and set a franchise single-season record with 33 touchdown passes while only tossing seven interceptions.
Foles led the Eagles to a pair of field goals on consecutive drives against the Rams.  They are 20-17 as a starter in six seasons with the Eagles, Rams and Chiefs.
Pederson insisted the offense won't change with Foles.
“He's a highly intelligent football player,” Pederson said.
A third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012, Foles in their second stint in Philadelphia. They replaced an injured Michael Vick in 2013 and led the Eagles to an NFC East title during Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Foles tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in November 2013 and finished that season with 27 TDs and only two picks. The Eagles lost at home to New Orleans in the playoffs. Foles went to the Pro Bowl and was the offensive MVP.
But Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season. Foles spent a year with the Rams, a season with the Chiefs and returned to Philadelphia as a free agent this season.
Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback. Pederson said they haven't spoken to personnel boss Howie Roseman about adding a third quarterback yet.
“I'm absolutely ready to go — need be,” Foles said after the win over the Rams. “I prepare every day.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
ST. PAUL, Minn. — Jeff Carter scored their second goal of the game with 33.8 seconds left on the clock in overtime and the Los Angeles Kings recovered after giving up a two-goal lead to beat the Minnesota Wild 4-3 on Monday night.
Tanner Pearson and Dustin Brown also scored for Los Angeles, which has alternated wins and losses over its past nine games. The Kings pulled into a tie with Anaheim for third place in the Pacific Division with 86 points, and hold the tiebreaker over the Ducks.
Jonathan Quick made 24 saves for the Kings, who appeared headed to a second straight loss until Brown tipped home a point shot from Drew Doughty with 46.5 seconds left in regulation. Doughty finished with three assists.
Joel Eriksson Ek scored for the first time in 13 games with 2:31 left to give Minnesota the lead after trailing 2-0.
Eric Staal added their 39th and Zach Parise had their second goal in three games for the Wild. Devan Dubnyk stopped 26 shots for Minnesota, which is in third in the Central Division, four points ahead of Colorado.
Pearson opened the scoring before the end of the first period with their 15 goal of the year after Dustin Brown's quick no-look pass back to Pearson for a quick one-timer with 1:13 left in the period.
Los Angeles added a power-play goal in the second by Jeff Carter. Jake Muzzin's shot from the point deflected off Minnesota's Mikko Koivu, slowing the puck down and bouncing to Carter, who had an open net to the right of Dubnyk.
Carter has eight goals and two assists in 12 games since returning from surgery to repair a tendon in their ankle.
The two-goal deficit ignited the Wild, who pressured and scored their first goal about six minutes later as Parise brought the puck in the zone and skated across the front and snapping a wrist shot past Quick.
Minnesota added its own late-period goal to end the second when Staal scored their 13th goal in the past 14 games. Ryan Suter sent Staal into the zone on a long pass and Staal's quick shot flew past Quick's right shoulder with 56 seconds left.
NOTES: Los Angeles F Trevor Lewis left the game with an upper body injury and did not return. … Kings D Derek Forbort left the game in the first after they were cut near their ear by Zach Parise's skate but did return in the second. … Per the Elias Sports Bureau, Staal could join Gordie Howe as the only players in NHL history with at least nine seasons between 40-goal campaigns. Staal has their most since scoring 40 in 2008-09. … Los Angeles C Alex Iafallo was scratched for the first time since Jan. 4, a span of 32 games. Andy Andreoff was in the lineup after being scratched 11 games in a row. … Minnesota got three assists from its defencemen. Wild defenceman have now accounted for 36 goals and 142 assists this season. Their 178 points from the blue line is second only to Nashville's 181 this season.
UP NEXT
Kings: At Winnipeg on Tuesday night.
Wild: Are off until hosting Nashville on Saturday.
——
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
A United Nations envoy says progress has been made on a compromise formula regarding how security will be enforced after ethnically divided Cyprus is reunified.
But Espen Barth Eide told the AP there's still "a long way to go" on a structure meeting the security concerns of rival Greek and Turkish Cypriots, as well as the east Mediterranean island's "guarantors" — Greece, Turkey and Britain.
Eide said after talks with Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades Wednesday that the U.N. is assisting in "structuring" the deal.
The complex issue of security has long stumped peace talks. Breakaway Turkish Cypriots insist on keeping Turkish troops and granting Turkey intervention rights in a reunified Cyprus, something which Greek Cypriots reject.
Cyprus was split in 1974 when Turkey invaded after a coup aimed at union with Greece.
The Knesset legislative committee will discuss on Sunday a law suggested by MK Mickey Levy (Yesh Atid) which would revoke the salaries of MKs suspected of committing security-related offenses.
The proposed law would affect MKs against whom indictments for security offenses were filed and who are suspected of crimes which carry seven or more years in prison. The law would revoke both the MK's salary and any other government payments they were receiving.
The new law was proposed after the Knesset's Ethics Committee refused to revoke the salary of MK Basel Ghattas (Joint Arab List).
Ghattas was indicted for security offenses, including smuggling cellular devices to Hamas prisoners in order to allow them to run terror operations from jail.
Levy said, "The current situation cannot continue. It cannot be that a member of Israel's Knesset betrays Israel, is indicted, but continues receiving a government salary. This proposal will put an end to this absurd situation in which Israeli citizens' money goes to pay those who are intentionally trying to hurt them and endanger their lives.
"I hope the government's ministers will ignore coalition politics in Sunday's vote. I don't see how it can be any other way."
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Darlene's event is a land hui in Waikaremoana. They want Rex to show them how to get unique tastes. Tonight's menu includes Beer Battered Trout with a Kimchi and Sweet Chilli sauce, and a berry tart.
Christopher Chaplin's second album is by no means a simple one. It's released on the Austrian imprint Fabrique Records and its title is Paradise Lost. They aim to translate John Milton's homonymous poem into music. And considering that we are talking about one of the greatest poets in English literature, and their best known work, we can see that the task is quite complex. The result is aiming for greatness.
Christopher James Chaplin, who is the youngest son of Charlie Chaplin, worked together with the British tenor and reciter Nathan Vale, and also with Leslie Winer, an American musician, poet and artist, who was described by Jean-Paul Gaultier as the first androgynous model. They also collaborated with Grace Jones, Sinnead O'Connor or Helmut Lang, among others.
What we hear on Paradise Lost is a composition divided into 3 sections, with the tenor Nathan Vale on the opening and closing, and, as if trying to show the other side of the voice spectrum, Leslie Winer in the middle. Expectancy, suspense and an open field for free interpretations start the album with ‘I Dread', with hints of complex percussive elements. Generating a dreamy state accompanied by flutes, bells, field recordings and also drums. Some light peaks towards the end, but it fades away among the narrative full of mystery. On ‘Dave The Shoe' Leslie Winer verses a poem over hints of musique concrete, with minimal electronic interventions. Them voice seems to be a lament, affected or hurt in a way, the violins also highlight this tension.
‘Of This New World' ends the album, and it's an accomplished effort in mixing acoustic and electronic elements. Whilst there is a small resemblance with the glorious RE:ECM by Loderbauer and Villalobos, it doesn't feel like that's where Chaplin found their inspiration. Overall, this is a journey that demands full attention and in some parts in return it offers great pleasure. Let's hope Chaplin keeps focusing on translating great pieces of art into their own vision of sound.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — Supporters say a prominent Shiite cleric who lost their citizenship and remains under house arrest in Bahrain has returned home after undergoing surgery.
Sheikh Isa Qassim returned to their home in Diraz on Sunday. They were hospitalized after suffering from a hernia.
Sheikh Maytham al-Salman, of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights, said Qassim may need further surgeries.
The cleric could be deported at any time after authorities stripped their citizenship in June 2016 over accusations that they fueled extremism and laundered money. Their supporters deny the allegations.
Bahrain's Sunni rulers are cracking down on all dissent on the Shiite-majority island, imprisoning or forcing politicians and activists into exile.
Bahrain is home to the U.S. Navy's 5th Fleet.
A suicide bomber driving a pickup loaded with explosives struck a bustling market in Baghdad on Monday, killing at least 36 people in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group hours after French President Francois Hollande arrived in the Iraqi capital.
The bomb went off in a fruit and vegetable market that was packed with day laborers, a police officer said, adding that another 52 people were wounded.
During a press conference with Hollande, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day laborers. Once the workers gathered around, they detonated the vehicle.
IS claimed the attack in a statement circulated on a militant website often used by the extremists. It was the third IS-claimed attack in as many days in and around Baghdad, underscoring the lingering threat posed by the group despite a string of setbacks elsewhere in the country over the past year, including in and around the northern city of Mosul.
The attack took place in Sadr City, a vast Shiite district in eastern Baghdad that has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni extremists since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion.
Shiite militiamen loyal to Muqtada al-Sadr, the firebrand cleric for whose family the neighborhood is named, were seen evacuating bodies in their trucks before ambulances arrived. Dead bodies were scattered across the bloody pavement alongside fruit, vegetables and laborers' shovels and axes. A minibus filled with dead passengers was on fire.
Asaad Hashim, an owner of a mobile phone store nearby, described how the laborers pushed and shoved around the bomber's vehicle, trying to get hired.
“Then a big boom came, sending them up into the air,” said the 28-year old, who suffered shrapnel wounds to their right hand. They blamed “the most ineffective security forces in the world” for failing to prevent the attack.
An angry crowd cursed the government, even after a representative of al-Sadr tried to calm them. Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's 6 million residents.
“We have no idea who will kill at any moment and who's supposed to protect us,” said Ali Abbas, a 40-year old father of four who was hurled over their vegetable stand by the blast. “If the securities forces can't protect us, then allow us to do the job,” they added.
Three smaller bombings elsewhere in the city on Monday killed another seven civilians and wounded at least 30, according to medics and police officials. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters.
Hollande meanwhile met with al-Abadi and President Fuad Masum, and was expected to travel to the self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
Iraqi troops, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. Iraqi state TV said Hollande will discuss increasing support for Iraq and the latest developments in the 10-week-old offensive.
Hollande promised that France would remain a long-term ally of Iraq and called for coordination between intelligence services “in a spirit of great responsibility,” in remarks carried by their official Twitter account.
France is part of the American-led coalition formed in 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria. France has suffered multiple attacks claimed by the extremist group.
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants and bad weather.
Mosul is Iraq's second largest city and the last major urban area in the country controlled by IS. Iraqi and U.S. commanders hope to drive IS from the city in the next three months.
CANBERRA, Australia — Thousands of Australians gathered at pre-dawn services on Wednesday to commemorate the moment when Australian and New Zealand Army Corps troops waded ashore at the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey 103 years ago in their first major battle of World War I.
Because extremists have targeted annual ANZAC Day ceremonies in the past, concrete barriers were placed around the service in downtown Sydney to protect those who gathered at Martin Place.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, their French counterpart Edouard Philippe and the heir to the British throne, Prince Charles, will mark ANZAC Day in France with a service that also commemorates the 100th anniversary of Australian troops taking the town of Villers-Bretonneux from the Germans. Villers-Bretonneux is now home to the main Australian Memorial of the Western Front.
At Villers-Bretonneux, Turnbull and Philippe on Tuesday unveiled a memorial plaque at the new Sir John Monash Centre museum which is named after the Australian general responsible for taking the town.
Turnbull and their wife, Lucy, also visited the grave of their great uncle Roger Hughes who was killed by a German shell in 1916 five days after arriving on the Western Front as a young military doctor.
Turnbull said in an ANZAC Day message that Australians remember veterans of every generation who risked their lives for their country.
“We best honour the ANZACs of 1918 and the First World War by supporting today's service men and women,” Turnbull said on social media.
Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton represents the Australian government at a service at ANZAC Cove at Gallipoli, where the Australian and New Zealand troops landed under British command in an ill-fated attempt to take the Ottoman Empire out of the war.
More than 44,000 Allied soldiers were killed at Gallipoli. Turkish casualties were estimated at 250,000.
At the Australian War Memorial in the capital Canberra, an estimated crowd of 38,000 — 10 per cent of the city's population — gathered in the cool autumn darkness for the dawn service which began with a lone soldier playing a didgeridoo.
“The attendance at this year's dawn service shows the enduring connection so many people have to Anzac Day,” Memorial Director Brendan Nelson said in a statement.
Dear Visitor,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on.
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge.
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site.
So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker's "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site.
The fatal crash of an Uber autonomous vehicle on a street in Tempe, Arizona, has sent shock waves through the world of self-driving cars -- leading some experts to say it's time to hit the brakes.It's also elicited a broad range of reactions from people who work near San Francisco's Financial District, where several companies test their autonomous vehicles every day on the narrow, crowded streets."I think they're better drivers than most people in this town," said Adrian Heieis. "So I really don't mind it."But Darrell Hamilton disagreed. "I don't think they should be testing self-driving cars where people could actually be hit," they said.And on a street in Arizona, that's exactly what happened. Temple police say Uber's Volvo SUV appeared to have been driving at 40 miles per hour, and didn't show any signs of trying to slow down, before it struck and killed a pedestrian who was walking their bike in the dark."This was the nightmare that I've dreaded for quite some time," said Carnegie Mellon professor Raj Rajkumar, who's studied self-driving cars since 2004. "I did not expect to see this happen so soon."Rajkumar says any number of technical glitches could've been to blame for the car's failure to see the pedestrian -- but their first questions are for the human safety driver who was seated behind the wheel while the car drove itself."That operator should've stepped in, taken over control immediately," they said.The National Transportation Safety Board has dispatched a team to investigate the cause of the accident. They'll be examining video recordings from cameras both inside and outside the vehicle, in part to determine why the human didn't take over, or why attempts at manual override may have failed.Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted, "Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."Uber's self-driving car division had barely finished licking its wounds from a $245 million settlement in the court battle with rival Waymo. CNET News reporter Dara Kerr covered the trial."I think this (fatal crash) affects a lot more than just Uber. I think it's gonna have a ripple effect across the entire self-driving industry," Kerr said. "It seems these companies are in really tight competition with one another, and they're all racing to get their cars to the public first."The public, though, could now be more wary than ever."Makes me a bit nervous," Kristen Gauthier said of the cars roaming the neighborhood where they work. "But then again, I'm nervous about people behind the wheel as well."Srijon Das, who also works in the neighborhood, had a different view."Eventually, people accept technologies and move ahead with it," Das said.While that may be true, accepting machines that do a job once reserved for humans can certainly take awhile. Autonomous elevators were invented in 1900 -- but it took Americans almost 50 years to get used to the idea."Consumers' trust is a big, big deal," Kerr said.If companies want to earn that trust, Rajkumar said they should slow down."Take a deep breath, be cautious, train our people well," they said.Though Arizona doesn't require it, California still mandates a human safety driver during all autonomous car testing. The driver can be in the car, or -- starting in April -- can supervise the car's driving from a remote location.The California DMV said in s statement that it's aware of the crash in Arizona, and plans to follow up with Uber. In the meantime, Uber said it has suspended its self-driving operations in Tempe, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
HARTFORD, Conn. — Hartford officials say they cannot find a 30-year-old insurance policy that could play a key role in any damages or settlement the city would have to pay in a lawsuit filed by a man wrongly imprisoned for murder for two decades.
The inability to locate the policy prompted federal Magistrate Judge Joan Margolis in New Haven on Monday to order the city to subpoena insurance companies in an effort to find it.
Miguel Roman, of Manchester, filed the federal lawsuit against the city and police officials in March 2011, alleging malicious prosecution, suppression of evidence and violation of their civil rights. City officials deny the allegations. Their lawyers have been seeking information on the city's insurance policies since the lawsuit was filed nearly seven years ago.
“Mr. Roman is satisfied that the court granted them the relief that they sought,” said their lawyer, Rosemarie Paine. “The court's ruling provides a timeline for taking the necessary steps to locate the missing policy and move the case forward.”
Nathalie Feola-Guerrieri, senior assistant corporation counsel for the city, declined to comment. They wrote in court documents that city officials have made many efforts to find the policy, including asking insurance companies to look for it, but to no avail.
Roman, 61, was convicted of murder in the 1988 killing of their 17-year-old girlfriend, Carmen Lopez, of Hartford, who was pregnant. Roman, who was not the father of the unborn baby, served 20 years of a 60-year sentence before being released in December 2008 and later exonerated based on new DNA testing that resulted in another man being convicted of their killing.
State officials later awarded Roman $6 million for their wrongful conviction.
The “excess” policy that is missing could be key in the lawsuit because it would cover any damages or settlement the city would have to pay above $2 million, which is the liability limit of the city's primary insurance policy issued by Travelers that was in place 30 years ago. Hartford struggled with its finances over the past year and was near bankruptcy before getting help in the new state budget passed in October.
Traveller has recommended to the city that it notify the carrier of its excess policy about the lawsuit, because of the chance that any award to Roman could exceed $2 million.
The excess policy presumably was in effect in 1988, when Roman said they were wrongfully arrested. An unanswered question in the case is whether the city's insurance policies in effect in 2011, when they filed their lawsuit, would cover any award to him.
Roman has not disclosed a specific dollar amount for the damages they are seeking.
CEDAR FALLS, Iowa — Bennett Koch totalled 12 points and seven rebounds and Isaiah Brown and reserve Wyatt Lohaus scored 11 apiece to power Northern Iowa to an 80-47 victory over Division III member Dubuque on Sunday.
Koch opened the scoring with a layup, Brown followed with a pair of 3-pointers and Northern Iowa shot out to a 15-0 lead.
Northern Iowa (8-2) shot better from outside the 3-point arc than inside it. The Panthers buried 57 per cent of their 3-pointers (12 of 21), but made just 15 of 35 from 2-point range (48 per cent).
Jamaree Atwater topped the Spartans with 16 points, but they made only 6 of 21 shots from the floor, including 2 of 8 from long range. Atwater added eight rebounds and two steals. Dubuque shot 27 per cent from the floor.
Northern Iowa had 14 different players score.
The Panthers lead the all-time series 12-8 and have won nine straight against the Spartans dating back to the 1924-25 season.
REGINA — A Regina man is accused of trafficking heroin after three prisoners had drug overdoses at Regina's provincial court.
Police say the three victims survived after immediately receiving medical help following the incident on Sept. 22.
The three men, who were being held in the cells at the courthouse, were taken to hospital and have all since recovered.
Police allege a man handed a substance to two of the prisoners before they overdosed.
A suspect was arrested Tuesday.
Nickolai Ellson, who is 20, has been charged with trafficking heroin. (CTV Regina)
Fifties rock icon Little Richard suggested to the Christian television and radio network Three Angels Broadcasting that he's no longer gay because they “wants to be saved.”
As Towleroad's Bobby Hankinson noted in 2015:
For an interview in Playboy magazine, Little Richard told director John Waters: “I love gay people. I believe I was the founder of gay. I'm the one who started to be so bold tellin' the world! You got to remember my dad put me out of the house because of that. I used to take my mother's curtains and put them on my shoulders. And I used to call myself at the time the Magnificent One. I was wearing make-up and eyelashes when no men were wearing that. I was very beautiful; I had hair hanging everywhere. If you let anybody know you was gay, you are in trouble; so when I came out I didn't care what anybody thought. A lot of people were scared to be with me.”
But Richard's sexuality was still a matter of discussion. He's identified as gay, bisexual and omnisexual over the years, having had a longterm, complicated relationship with former stripper Lee Angel and a short-lived marriage to Ernestine Campbell. However, an authorized biography, The Life and Times of Little Richard, outlined Richard's wild ways, including orgies, voyeurisms and threesomes (including one with him, Angel and Buddy Holly). Their more outrageous sexual exploits only further complicate Richard's identity, which is also deeply connected to God and religion. (Richard was raised evangelical, became a minister after briefly quitting showbiz and remains deeply religious to this day.)
Ebony reports:
During a sit-down with 3ABN, the icon shared their current views on sexuality, including dedicating their final years to living “like Jesus,” while insisting men should live as men and women as women.
“Anybody come in show business, they're going to say you're gay. Are you straight? Are you a homosexual something? They're going to say it. But God, Jesus, they made men, men, they made women, women, you know? And you've got to live the way God wants you to live.”
The “Tutti Frutti” singer, who no longer wears makeup or wigs, also spoke out against “unnatural affections.”
“You know, all these things. So much unnatural affection. So much of people just doing everything and don't think about God. Want no parts of him,” they said.
Watch the interview:
NEW ORLEANS — A woman detained and deported to Mexico in 2013 despite being in the United States legally cannot pursue a wrongful arrest and false imprisonment lawsuit against the government, a federal appeals court ruled Tuesday.
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans upheld a Texas-based federal judge's dismissal of the lawsuit by Guadalupe Chaidez Campos.
Chaidez Campos had entered the country illegally in 2012 and was ordered out, according to court records. They pleaded guilty to entering the country illegally and was sentenced to 11 months in prison. While in prison, according to the ruling, they applied for and received a type of legal “nonimmigrant” status granted to some crime victims.
However, when they reported to a probation office in November 2013 with their 1-year-old child and the child's father, they were detained, despite showing proof of their legal status. They were taken back into Mexico that same day, not returning until the following January.
Tuesday's ruling said the government enjoys sovereign immunity from the type of lawsuit Chaidez Campos filed. It said agents were not so unreasonable as to overcome that immunity. The three-judge panel said the agents, who knew of their earlier deportation order, acted within their discretion.
“At worst, what occurred were failures to understand the import of various immigration documents and regulations,” Judge Leslie Southwick wrote for the panel.
Attorneys for the Mexican American Legal Defence and Education Fund had argued on behalf of the woman at the 5th Circuit. Representatives of the group did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment Tuesday evening.
OMNISPORT
Sergio Busquets conceded Barcelona were second best in every department as Paris Saint-Germain stormed to a staggering 4-0 Champions League win at Parc des Princes.
Luis Enrique's side must somehow complete a comeback unprecedented in the competition's history when the sides reconvene for the second leg of the last-16 tie at Camp Nou next month, but there was scant evidence of this being on the cards.
Angel Di Maria marked their 29th birthday with a sumptuous brace, while Julian Draxler and top scorer Edinson Cavani got in on the act as PSG's former Sevilla boss Unai Emery tasted victory over Barça for only the second time in 24 attempts.
Have another look at Di Maria's second goal. 😍😍😍 https://t.co/fse0aXPmS5 — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) February 14, 2017
"They were better than us," said Busquets, as quoted by UEFA.com.
"They played better, they were better tactically and they out-did us physically."
The Spain midfielder rejected the suggestion that Barcelona were complacent and acknowledged the task awaiting them in the second leg.
"It's not about the attitude, it's was a football thing," they said. "PSG were better tactically.
"It will be very difficult at Camp Nou but we will try. We always try."
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Wednesday:
1. WHICH NOMINATION IS IN PERIL
Details emerge over VA nominee Ronny Jackson's alleged misconduct, ranging from repeated drunkenness to a toxic work environment, as they served as a top White House doctor.
1. POLICE ASSESS CHILLING FACEBOOK POST
The message, posted by the suspect in the deadly van attack in Toronto, raises the possibility that they may have nursed grudges against women.
3. WHO'S PUTTING TRUMP ON NOTICE
Iran's top diplomat tells the AP that if the U.S. pulls out of the landmark 2015 nuclear deal, Iran “mostly likely” would abandon it, too.
4. SUSPECTED GUNMAN HAD TROUBLED PAST
Travis Reinking's erratic behaviour began years before police say they showed up without pants at a Waffle House restaurant in Tennessee and killed four people.
5. HOW MACRON'S US TRIP IS PLAYING OUT
Trump and the French president profess a sunny relationship, even as the two allies strain to bridge differences over the Iran nuclear agreement, Syria and more.
6. PRESIDENT'S HARSH RHETORIC FADES
Trump once derided Kim Jong-un as “Little Rocket Man.” Now they say the North Korean dictator has been “very open” and “very honourable.”
7. COSBY LAWYERS MAKE CLOSING ARGUMENTS
The comedian's defence team urges a jury to acquit the 80-year-old comedian of sexual assault charges they say are based on “flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence.”
8. NEW FRONTIER IN CONVENIENCE
In its latest perk, Amazon begins offering free delivery to a customer's parked car.
9. COMEY BOOK FINDS EAGER AUDIENCE
Sales of “A Higher Loyalty,” the former FBI chief's memoir, topped 600,000 copies the first week.
10. RAPPER WALKS OUT OF PRISON
Pennsylvania's highest court orders Meek Mill freed while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions.
NEW YORK (AP) — Simone Biles says she's met the new president of USA Gymnastics but hasn't heard from the U.S. Olympic Committee regarding the Larry Nassar sexual abuse scandal.
The four-time gold medalist at the Rio Olympics is among those who say they were sexually abused by Nassar, a former team doctor for the governing body for American gymnastics.
Biles says USA Gymnastics President Kerry Perry flew to meet them in Texas, where she's training for the 2020 Tokyo Games. They say the USOC hasn't reached out.
Biles said Wednesday there's "still a lot of work that needs to be done, like independent investigations. So they can ensure this never happens in any sport again."
Nassar already has been sentenced to 60 years in prison on child pornography charges and 40 to 175 years for abusing young women and girls while working at Michigan State University. He's also facing sentencing for molesting gymnasts at an elite club in Lansing, Michigan.
Sunday evening in Morgantown the community came together for a vigil in wake of the tragic events that took place in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday, August 12.
Students and the community gathered outside of the Mountainlair Student Union Sunday evening to stand in solidarity with Charlottesville. Many spoke out with words of support for Charlottesville, and confirm Morgantown's stance against violence, hate, and racism.
"After Charlottesville happened, a lot of people in Morgantown were very upset, very concerned. We wanted to do something to come out and show that we stand with people of Charlottesville and we are totally opposed to white supremacy, to any kind of hate, to any kind of violence against our fellow Americans," said Susan Case, Organizer.
Roark Sizemore is a student at WVU Who has an interest in political organizing and activist work. They were one of the many speakers at the event. Sizemore says they hope this vigil carries momentum for real progress in the community.
"For me, it's just really great to see all of these people out here to support really love and just that all people are created equal and it doesn't matter what color your skin is, what religion you believe in or anything like that, that you're judged on your merits," said Sizemore.
Evan Hanson, who is running for the House of Delegates in Mon County also spoke out.
"Well I think it's important for the community to speak with one voice and make sure that everybody knows that these acts of violence and acts of hatred aren't going to divide us. But no matter what our religion and no matter what our race, we're going to come together and say that it's unacceptable," said Hanson.
Hundreds showed up for the vigil. The organizer says that they hope it has a lasting impact.
"Hoping that the impact of this is felt beyond tonight. That people will work together to increase communication between groups to fight against hate in all its forms," said Susan Case.
ELIZABETHTON, TN (WJHL) – Elzabethton residents who live along Ferguson Avenue may experience low water pressure, intermittent service and possibly no water until repairs are complete on a water line.
According to the city, the work began Monday morning at 7:00 a.m., but due to complications, the work has been extended to April 18.
The work will impact customers from West Elk Avenue south, from Roan Street to Gap Creek Road.
The city says water crews will work until water service is restored.
HALIFAX — Some examples of businesses benefiting from financial help from the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency:
Big winners
Atlantic Wallboard LP, a division of J.D. Irving Limited: $42.4 million in conditionally repayable loans from 2006 to 2012 to build a gypsum wallboard manufacturing plant, buy equipment and for a gypsum conversion project.
The Halifax International Security Forum, organized the German Marshall Fund of the United States, a D.C.-based public policy think tank: $29.78 million in grants to host the international conference from 2009 to 2018.
Cooke Aquaculture Inc., Cold Ocean Salmon Inc. and Kelly Cove Salmon Ltd. (divisions of Cooke Aquaculture): $25 million in loans, conditionally repayable loans and non-repayable contributions for multiple projects over more than a decade, including establishing salmon farming operations.
Michelin North America (Canada) Inc.: $10 million loan for manufacturing equipment in 2006.
Cabot Links at Inverness LP: $6.5 million in loans from 2008 to 2016 to build golf courses and a resort.
DSME Trenton Ltd. (now permanently closed): $5 million loan for equipment to build wind towers in 2010.
Rolls-Royce Canada: $2.87 million conditionally repayable loan in 2013 to develop support technologies for unmanned surface vehicles.
Craft brew and spirits
Authentic Seacoast Distilling Company Ltd.: $500,000 loan in 2015 to establish a craft distillery and expand brewery.
Big Axe Brewery Inc.: $363,030 loan in 2017 to expand current brewery operation.
Prince Edward Island Brewing Company Ltd.: $350,000 loan in 2012 to start a microbrewery, and $35,000 grant to hire an experienced beer industry expert.
Tiny tourism outfits
Marble Zip Tours Inc.: $196,487 loan to establish a “zipline harness tour” operation in 2007 and $125,000 loan in 2013 to build a rope challenge course.
Ocean Surf Ltd.: $38,500 loan in 2011 and $175,000 loan in 2015 to upgrade campground facilities.
Club Wind and Kite: $45,000 loan to start a kite surfing day adventure in Lameque, N.B., in 2008.
OTTAWA — A Conservative MP says they wanted Andrew Scheer to kick the openly defiant Maxime Bernier out of the federal caucus last month, but the Tory leader refused, insisting that their outspoken former leadership rival has an important role to play within the party.
The MP, who spoke to The Canadian Press on condition of anonymity for fear of causing additional turmoil within caucus ranks, said they approached Scheer during the June 20 caucus meeting for permission to ask caucus members to vote to have Bernier removed.
“I went to Andrew directly and said … ‘Max lied to us, and I don't think they should remain in caucus,”‘ the MP said.
But Scheer asked them to stand down, saying they would “keep Max where they are.”
Emotions were running high in the Conservative caucus room after Bernier, who represents the Quebec riding of Beauce, posted a controversial chapter of their forthcoming book on their website — a book they had already agreed to postpone, “for the sake of maintaining harmony in our party.”
The chapter accuses Scheer of enlisting “fake Conservatives” for the sole purpose of defeating Bernier, who remains a staunch advocate of ending Canada's supply management system for milk, eggs and poultry — a program popular with dairy farmers in Quebec.
In April, Bernier promised to shelve the book's publication indefinitely, but the offending chapter resurfaced the following month in the midst of a string of pointed attacks from U.S. President Donald Trump on how Canada treats U.S. dairy producers.
The reappearance of the controversial chapter on Bernier's website triggered a fresh wave of Conservative caucus outrage, culminating in the MP telling Scheer they wanted to take the microphone during the caucus meeting and ask their colleagues to vote to have Bernier removed.
Had Scheer allowed that to happen, it would have opened a rift within the ranks of the Conservative party, said Tim Powers, a Tory strategist and vice-chair of Ottawa-based government relations firm Summa Strategies.
Bernier was stripped of their role in the party's shadow cabinet as innovation critic, but was allowed to remain in caucus. They did not acknowledge repeated requests for comment.
“Scheer knows well enough: if you start to become the architect of rift creation in the Conservative party, you may as well kiss any hopes of winning an election away,” said Powers, adding there's “tension, absolutely.”
“Yes, 1/8Bernier3/8 can perhaps be a source of irritation to some of their peers, but equally they do represent views that many conservatives have.”
And with the 2019 election looming large, Scheer — a Saskatchewan MP who's still busy introducing themselves to Canadians — can't afford to lose Bernier, a gregarious veteran who was edged out of the Conservative leadership last year by the narrowest of margins, and who represents a part of the country where the Tories are keen to hold on to support.
Kicking Bernier out of caucus would have meant “huge brand damage” for the party at the worst possible time, said Powers — a challenge similar to that faced by their predecessor, former prime minister Stephen Harper.
Harper, famous for their rigid caucus discipline, found a way to keep Bernier in the fold. Scheer — often described by political rivals as “Stephen Harper with a smile” — is trying to do the same.
The MP who wanted Bernier's ouster expressed confidence they would have had a “fair amount of support,” given the number of caucus members who felt deliberately misled.
“There was a fair amount of people that felt that Max had crossed the line.”
One Conservative MP accused Bernier of being “incredibly disloyal,” said they have “destroyed all of their credibility” and in fact told Scheer they would have booted them from caucus a long time ago. Another said caucus felt Bernier had broken their pledge to the group.
Brock Harrison, Scheer's director of communications, said the leader's office would not comment on internal caucus matters or any private conversations that may have taken place.
“Mr. Bernier continues to be an important member of our national caucus and their perspectives and their expertise are valued,” Harrison said.
Many of Bernier's supporters are convinced Scheer removed Bernier from their shadow cabinet as way of smoothing things over with dairy farmers, but Conservative sources insist it's because Bernier broke their promise.
Scheer has largely recovered from any political damage they may have incurred for removing Bernier from their critic's role, said Powers, who acknowledged that the Quebec MP and outspoken libertarian does indeed “march to the beat of their own drum.”
“He's the yin to Scheer's yang,” they said — “particularly when it comes to supply management.”
Saudi Arabia on Monday called the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers a "flawed agreement", in comments which come ahead of a meeting between Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman and U.S. President Donald Trump.
"Our view of the nuclear deal is that it's a flawed agreement," Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told reporters in Washington, according to the Reuters news agency.
LLEIDA, Spain — Spanish police on Monday escorted two trucks loaded with pieces of medieval religious art from a museum in the city of Lleida amid protests after a court ordered Catalan authorities to hand them over to the neighbouring regional government of Aragon.
Catalan regional police cordoned off the area around Lleida Museum from early Monday as technicians prepared to remove the 44 pieces, originally housed in Aragon's Sijena monastery but bought by Catalonia from nuns in 1983.
In 2015 a court ruled the sale illegal and ordered the works returned.
Several hundred people, including many pro-Catalan independence supporters, turned up to protest the transfer and there were brief scuffles and police baton charges as officers tried to move them further away from the museum. The artwork was taken away in trucks escorted by Spanish Civil Guard police.
Both Aragon and Catalonia claim the art pieces are part of their respective cultural heritage. The pieces include mortuary boxes and alabaster reliefs.
The dispute has also become a political issue as it comes while Catalonia continues without a government and parliament after Spain dissolved both and called fresh elections for Dec. 21 in its crackdown on the region's independence push.
Fugitive ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, who is in Belgium, and other pro-independence politicians accuse Spain of making most of the moment to pillage the art from Catalonia.
But Spanish Culture Minister Inigo Mendez de Vigo said Monday the court ruling had to be obeyed.
A further 50 pieces bought from the nuns were returned in 2016 by Catalonia's National Art Museum.
NLC Attacks Buhari Over Failure to Deliver Three Million Jobs
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has berated President Muhammad Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) over their failure to create the three million new jobs they pledged in their campaign manifesto, The Guardian reports.
NLC President, Ayuba Wabba, in Abuja yesterday, in their New Year message, asked Buhari to present their scorecard to Nigerians after spending 20 months in the saddle.
According to the labour chief, the APC government at the centre made a clear promise in its manifesto to deliver three million jobs yearly. After 20 months in the saddle, it is perhaps time to ask the government to give its scorecard to the Nigerian people that went through a lot of odds to elect this government.
They asked: “How many jobs has the Federal Government and the 23 states controlled by the ruling party created in the last 20 or so months, in furtherance of its pledge to Nigerians during the electioneering campaign?”
While lambasting the government for remaining deaf to ideas on how to generate jobs and take the economy out of the woods, it observed with regrets that even after declaration N500billion social intervention fund, there was still no government agency specifically assigned the role of job creation.
The NLC hinted that its negotiation for minimum wage would be radically different from the past, saying the calculation of the new wage would be based on a realistic foreign exchange and inflation rates.
Wabba noted: “Since we submitted a written request for a new national minimum wage of N52, 000 per month last year, the purchasing power of Nigerian workers had further depreciated that individuals on the existing minimum wage of N18, 000 were barely able to make ends meet in 30 days. At the beginning of 2016, with the Naira at N197 to $1, the minimum wage was equivalent of $91.3. At N495 to $1 this has in twelve months depreciated to $36.3.
They also cautioned government against granting another N309 billion bonds to the electricity sector especially after the N213 billion granted in March 2015 did not translate into better power supply.
The labour chief also said the present administration was not doing enough to get the country out of economic recession. They maintained that nine months after the Federal Government organised an economic revival retreat, Nigerians were yet to see any concrete result and impact of government's plans.
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2015 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post NLC Attacks Buhari Over Failure to Deliver Three Million Jobs appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DWI arrests are down in Wichita Falls. Only 5 arrests were made over St. Patrick's Day weekend. The fall in DWIs could be due to multiple reasons.
Between January 1 and March 19 in 2016 there were 39 DWI arrests. In 2017 there were 38. This year there are 25.
Sgt. Harold McClure feels people may just be getting smarter. They say, “I think that it has a lot to do with the fact that people know just how important it is not to get behind the wheel.”
Another reason DWIs may be down is because of ridesharing. Both Uber and Lyft came to Wichita Falls just last summer, but they could already be making a difference in how people get around when they are out on the weekends.
According to Uber's operations and logistics team, 4 of the top 10 destinations on St. Patrick's Day in Wichita Falls were bars and restaurants.
MSU Student Kari Bell uses rideshare apps mostly for shopping and going out to eat but thinks it would also be a good alternative to a designated driver. They said, “if you can't really find anyone and everyone wants to have fun and drink that would be the best option instead of putting yourself in danger. That's a whole lot cheaper than a ticket, or a DWI, or something else.”
In a study Uber conducted in 2016, 90% of riders said that they felt Uber reduces drunk driving. 80% felt that it personally helps them avoid drinking and driving.
Sgt. McClure also said, “having a sober driver – whether it is a taxi driver, whether it is a ride share, whether it is a friend or designated driver – I think people are getting the word and are getting the message that if I am going to go out I need a sober driver.”
Sgt. McClure also feels police presence at celebrations like this past weekend St. Patrick's Day Festival, encourages people to make smart decisions.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
JERUSALEM — The French and Israeli leaders sparred verbally Sunday over the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, while new violence rippled across the region following the move by U.S. President Donald Trump.
In Jerusalem, a Palestinian stabbed an Israeli security guard, seriously wounding them in the first attack in the volatile city since Trump's pronouncement Wednesday. In Beirut, scores of Lebanese and Palestinian demonstrators clashed with security forces outside the heavily guarded U.S. Embassy, and Arab foreign ministers meeting in Cairo demanded that the United States rescind the decision.
The move upended decades of U.S. policy, and a longstanding international consensus, that the fate of Jerusalem be decided in negotiations. Israeli and Palestinian claims to the city's eastern sector form the emotional core of their conflict, and Trump's announcement was seen as siding with the Israelis and has drawn wide international criticism.
At a meeting in Paris with Israel's visiting prime minister, French President Emmanuel Macron condemned recent violence against Israelis. But they also expressed “disapproval” of Trump's decision, calling it “dangerous for peace.”
“It doesn't seem to serve, in the short term, the cause of Israel's security and the Israelis themselves,” Macron said.
They urged Israel to freeze its construction of settlements on occupied lands and called for other confidence-building measures toward the Palestinians.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has called Trump's decision “historic,” said Israel has maintained its capital in the city for 70 years and the Jewish connection to Jerusalem goes back 3,000 years.
“Paris is the capital of France, Jerusalem is the capital of Israel,” they said. “We respect your history and your choices. And we know that as friends, you respect ours.”
“I think the sooner the Palestinians come to grips with this reality, the sooner we move toward peace,” they added.
The exchange between the two allies set the stage for what could be a tense meeting Monday for Netanyahu with European Union foreign ministers in Brussels. The Jerusalem issue and the moribund peace process are expected to be high on the agenda.
Last week, EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini warned that Trump's decision “has the potential to send us backward to even darker times than the one we are already living in.”
They also warned that Trump's “move could diminish the potential role that the United States could play in the region and create more confusion around this.”
The meeting could be a precursor for what seems to be an emerging rift between Israel and the U.S. on one side, and Europe and the Palestinians on the other.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has said Trump's decision has in effect disqualified the U.S. from continuing in its role as the traditional mediator of peace talks. The Palestinians have spent recent days trying to rally Arab and broader international opposition to the decision.
After Abbas political adviser Majdi Khaldi said Saturday that the Palestinian leader won't meet with Vice-President Mike Pence when they visit the region this month, a spokesperson for Pence said Sunday it was “unfortunate that the Palestinian Authority is walking away again from an opportunity to discuss the future of the region.”
EU leaders, including Macron, have reiterated support for establishing an independent Palestinian state alongside Israel. Trump has said they would support the idea if both sides endorse it — effectively giving Israel a veto over any peace proposal. Netanyahu's government is dominated by opponents to Palestinian independence. Trump's Middle East team, headed by their son-in-law Jared Kushner, has been working for months on a peace plan but has not yet released it.
Israel captured east Jerusalem from Jordan in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed the area to its capital in a move that was not internationally recognized. The Palestinians claim east Jerusalem as the capital of a future state, along with the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
East Jerusalem is home to Judaism's most sacred site, as well as key holy places for Christians and Muslims. These conflicting claims have erupted into deadly bloodshed in the past.
A senior U.S. official appealed to world leaders, especially in the Middle East, to calm regional tensions.
Acting Assistant Secretary of State David Satterfield told Arab journalists that Trump's pronouncement was merely a “recognition of simple reality” that Israel's government already is in Jerusalem.
They said the U.S. was not prejudging final-status negotiations about the city's final borders and expressed hope that world leaders understand the U.S. is committed to moving forward with a peace plan they expect to be unveiled in the new year.
“This is a question of choice: Do leaders choose to speak to their peoples, to their regions in terms that reflect reality or in terms that incite or inflame?” they said. “We hope it's the former.”
The Palestinians staged three “days of rage” after Trump's dramatic announcement, with clashes breaking out in flashpoints across the West Bank, east Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip, and Gaza militants firing rockets into Israel. Four people in Gaza were killed. In the West Bank, there were dozens of injuries, but no deaths.
There were indications that Sunday's stabbing at the Jerusalem bus station was motivated by Trump's move, although police did not officially confirm it.
They said the attacker was a 24-year-old Palestinian from the West Bank city of Nablus. Israeli media identified them as Yassin Abu al-Qarah, who posted on their Facebook page in recent days about Jerusalem, saying “our blood is devoted” to the holy city. Comments on their profile called them a hero for the alleged attack.
Police spokesperson Micky Rosenfeld said the guard sustained a serious wound to their upper body and the attacker was apprehended.
Palestinian youths also clashed in the West Bank city of Bethlehem, hurling stones at Israeli soldiers, who fired back with rubber bullets and tear gas.
In Beirut, Lebanese security forces broke up the protest outside the U.S. Embassy after demonstrators pelted them with stones. After a rowdy start, the protest drew several hundred people and became more peaceful, with demonstrators chanting and singing.
Clashes resumed in the afternoon, with security forces chasing and arresting a handful of protesters and lobbing tear gas. Lebanon is home to 450,000 Palestinian refugees, nearly 10 per cent of the population.
In a resolution long on rhetoric but short on concrete actions, Arab foreign ministers demanded the recognition decision be rescinded and urged the U.N. Security Council to adopt a resolution condemning Trump's decision. They acknowledged that Washington would most likely veto it.
If the U.S. vetoes such a resolution, the Arabs would seek a similar resolution in the U.N. General Assembly, Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad Malki told a news conference in Cairo.
With few options for the Palestinians, and the Arab world preoccupied by other crises, Arab willingness to press the issue may be limited. In Paris, Netanyahu talked about their quiet but improving relations with Arab countries that look to Israel as an ally against Iran.
“There is in this a blessing, because this could help pave the way to an ultimate peace between us and our Palestinian neighbours and between us and the rest of the Arab world,” they said.
Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the U.N., defended Trump's move.
“For those who want to say this is a bad idea, I'll tell you: Ask us five or 10 years from now if you still think it's a bad idea. Because I really do think this is going to move the ball in the peace process,” they told CNN's “State of the Union.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — US businesses increase inventories 0.4 percent in December, the biggest sales gain since 2011.
SAULT STE. MARIE, Ont. — Morgan Frost scored in overtime as the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds edged the Saginaw Spirit 4-3 on Friday in Ontario Hockey League action.
Hayden Verbeek, Noah Carroll and Taylor Raddysh scored for the Greyhounds (45-5-3) in regulation time. Matthew Villalta kicked out 27 shots for the win.
Caleb Everett, Max Grondin and Damien Giroux replied for the Spirit (24-19-6). Evan Cormier made 19 saves for Saginaw.
Sault Ste. Marie went 0 for 4 on the power play and the Spirit were 2 for 5 with the man advantage.
—
FRONTENACS 7 GENERALS 1
KINGSTON, Ont. — Brett Neumann had the eventual winner and tacked on three assists in the Frontenacs' rout of Oshawa.
Mitchell Byrne, Jason Robertson, Liam Murray, Matt Hotchkiss, Linus Nyman and Justin Pringle rounded out the attack for Kingston (26-16-7).
Serron Noel scored for the Generals (23-23-3).
—
67'S 6 ICEDOGS 5
OTTAWA — Tye Felhaber struck twice as the 67's downed Niagara.
Shaw Boomhower's short-handed goal 1:26 into the third period was the winner for Ottawa (20-21-8), while Mitchell Hoelscher, Nikita Okhotyuk and Sasha Chmelevski also found the back of the net.
Elijah Roberts, Billy Constantinou, Johnny Corneil, Akil Thomas and Sam Miletic scored for the IceDogs (26-15-7).
—
BATTALION 5 STEELHEADS 3
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. — Matthew Struthers had a pair of goals as North Bay sailed past the Steelheads.
Brandon Coe put away the winner for the Battalion (23-21-6) at 4:43 of the third period. Jake Henderson and Luke Burghardt also scored for North Bay.
Cole Carter scored twice for Mississauga (23-25-1), while Ryan McLeod added one of their own.
—
FIREBIRDS 3 STING 2 (OT)
FLINT, Ont. — Maurizio Colella scored in overtime as the Firebirds downed Sarnia.
Connor Roberts and Ty Dellandrea had regulation-time goals for Flint (16-29-4).
Jonathan Ang and Anthony Salinitri scored for the Sting (35-12-4).
—
OTTERS 4 WOLVES 2
SUDBURY, Ont. — Troy Lajeunesse scored twice as Erie doubled up the Wolves.
Stephane Patry knocked in the winner for the Otters (15-26-9) at 8:43 of the third period. Christian Girhiny also scored for Erie.
Anthony Tabak and Cole Candella scored for Sudbury (13-32-6).
—
RANGERS 4 BULLDOGS 3
KITCHENER, Ont. — Austin McEneny put away the winner late in the third period as the Rangers eked out a win over Hamilton.
Kole Sherwood, Logan Stanley and Joseph Garreffa also scored for Kitchener (34-14-2).
Brandon Saigeon had a hat trick for the Bulldogs (33-12-6).
—
COLTS 8 KNIGHTS 4
LONDON, Ont. — Ryan Suzuki and Zachary Magwood had two goals apiece as Barrie trounced the Knights.
Andrei Svechnikov's second-period goal was the eventual winner for the Colts (28-18-3), while Aaron Luchuk, Ben Hawerchuk and Dmitry Sokolov also scored.
Evan Bouchard had a pair of goals for London (26-19-4), while Jacob Golden and Alex Formenton chipped in as well.
—
ATTACK 6 STORM 4
GUELPH, Ont. — Aidan Dudas scored twice as Owen Sound beat the Storm 6-4.
Igor Chibrikov had the late third-period winner for the Attack (22-19-7). Nick Suzuki, Maksim Sushko and Kevin Hancock also scored for Owen Sound.
Mark Woolley, Liam Hawel, Isaac Ratcliffe and Alexey Toropchenko responded for Guelph (24-21-4).
—
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Deborah McPhee, Associate Professor, Human Resources Management and Occupational Health and Safety at The Goodman School of Business, Brock University
Have you ever had a loved one killed or maimed on the job? What about a co-worker or someone you knew? It happened to me in the mid-1970s, when one of my bosses at a smelter where I worked in northern Ontario was killed on the job. Six months from retirement and a careless mistake cost them their life.
This April 28th — National Day of Mourning — it's worth remembering that every day in Canada and other countries, thousands of employees go to work expecting to return home safely to their families. But the reality is that too many workers will never return to their loved ones, and multiple others' lives will be changed forever, maimed by inexplicable unsafe workplace incidents that, for the most part, could have been prevented.
Consider these incidents.
In 1992, 26 miners were killed at Westray Mines, a coal mine in Plymouth, N.S. . No one was charged despite known infractions by the owners.
But public outcry and petitions brought about changes to Canada's Criminal Code in 2004. Employers and others could finally be sent to jail for negligence causing serious injury or death in the workplace.
Canada has among the toughest workplace laws in the Western world, and over the past several years, negligent managers and supervisors have been receiving jail sentences or fined heavily.
Recently, the Humboldt Broncos junior hockey team's bus collided with a semi-trailer in Saskatchewan, where 16 members of the team, mostly teenagers, as well as the bus driver, were killed. While it was a devastating and tragic traffic accident, it was also a workplace incident as both the bus and truck driver were on the job.
In 1979, a train derailment in Mississauga, Ont., caused an entire city to be evacuated for a week. No one was hurt, but workers were exposed to unknown dangerous chemicals that were being hauled.
Public safety was front and centre. This incident brought about increased emergency procedures, detailed chemical cleanup and improved safety of rail cars.
Unfortunately, the major train derailment at Lac-Megantic, Que., that resulted in 47 deaths and decimated half the downtown some 34 years later show there's still so much more work to do on workplace safety.
Daily occurrences
Other workplace incidents may not be at the top of the newscasts.
The fisherman who slips and hits their head working on a trawler who faces a lifetime of disability. The manufacturing employee working on a machine without proper guards whose limb gets caught and is now facing life with only one arm. The young temp worker whose hijab gets caught in a machine and strangles them to death. Unfortunately, many of these sorts of incidents are daily occurrences somewhere in the world.
A number of them have had a major impact on how the public views employers, employees and the legislative responsibility to keep employees safe at work.
Health and safety is everybody's responsibility, and it's this mantra that forms the Internal Responsibility System (IRS). IRS means that everyone in the workplace has a role to play in keeping workplaces safe and healthy.
Not only has Canada led the way on the legislative front, we commemorate the workers who have faced death on the job or life-altering events because of workplace incidents. April 28 is known as the Day of Mourning.
In 1984, labour unions in Sudbury, Ont., known as the Nickel Capital of the World, adopted this day to publicly acknowledge workplace injuries, illnesses and deaths.
Flags at half-mast
On April 28, 1991, Canada as a nation officially marked its first National Day of Mourning for persons killed or injured in the workplace. Flags now fly at half-mast and ceremonies are held in recognition of senseless workplace deaths, illnesses that go undetected for years and injuries that change the lives of individuals and their families forever.
Since 1991, 100 other countries have also adopted the observance known widely as Workers' Memorial Day and as International Workers' Memorial Day by the International Labour Organization (ILO) and the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC).
Have we done enough? Clearly we have not.
The Association of Workers' Compensation Boards of Canada (AWCBC) most recent statistics, for the year 2016, recorded 905 workplace deaths. Among those dead were six young workers aged 15 to 19 and another 20 workers aged 20 to 24.
Add to these fatalities the 241,508 claims accepted for lost time due to a work-related injury or disease, including 29,588 from workers aged 15 to 24 — and the fact that these statistics only include what's reported to and accepted by compensation boards — and it's safe to say that the total number of workers impacted is even higher.
What these numbers don't show is just how many people are directly affected by workplace tragedies.
Each worker death has a profound impact on the loved ones, families, friends and co-workers they leave behind, changing all of their lives forever.
So on April 28 when you go to work or drive down the street and see the flags at half-mast, take a moment to remember those who have lost their lives on the job.
Health and safety is everybody's responsibility and we still have a very long road ahead of us.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/the-national-day-of-mourning-is-a-remind https://theconversation.com/the-na
BARCELONA, Spain — A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants has arrived in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
The Open Arms ship docked Wednesday in the northeastern port of Barcelona, where the group — including 5 women, a 9-year-old toddler and four teenagers — will be going through health checks and identification procedures.
The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said the migrants come from 14 countries and are in good health.
Doctors Without Borders says more than 500 people have died in the Mediterranean since the Aquarius, another rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in June.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: Myjoyonline.com
2017-01-02
play videoShatta Wale, Dancehall Artiste performing at the Tigo Festival of Lights and Music at the Junction M
True to their word, dancehall artiste, Shatta Wale gave a lucky loyal fan a brand-new Toyota Camry on New Year's Day.
The car was part of several items the artiste gave away on the day to their die-hard fans. It was their way of showing appreciation to them.
Dubbed the SM Honor, Sekley Moses emerged the most loyal fan and thus received the brand-new car.
Other winners included, Bilal Larry, Nikita Shatty, Benisah Saviour, Shadrack Amonoo Crabe, Abena Jamaica, Shatta Berry and Young Shatta Wale Trezeguet.
They received items such as iPhones, laptops and other souvenirs.
Shatta Wale gave out the car during their performance at the Tigo Festival of Lights and Music at the Junction Mall in Nungua.
They treated teeming patrons to an impressive catalogue of their hit songs back to back. Their wife, Michy and son, Majesty were also there to support him.
Patrons danced to songs like ‘Kakai', ‘Mahama Paper', ‘Cocoa Season', ‘Bie Gya', ‘Talk Talk', ‘Kpuu Kpaa' ‘Hol It', and ‘If I Collect'.
Artistes, Pope Skinny, and Duke (formerly of D2) joined Shatta Wale at some point of their performance.
Apart from Shatta Wale, the night also witnessed spirit-filled performances by spoken-word act Zerben, the Patch Bay Band, Cwesi Oteng and the energetic Obaapa Christy.
src=”http://static.ghanaweb.com/imagelib/pics/13532372.jpg”align=”middle”>
President Trump on Monday authorized their top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called their action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
They cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. They were flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of their economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration, but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization.
Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative, told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives, such as the WTO.
"It saves time," they said. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But they said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel.
"We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Carolyn Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
"China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," they said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
They say that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
An appeals court says federal disability law requires movie theatres to provide interpreters to patrons who are deaf and blind.
The Philadelphia-based 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against Cinemark, the nation's third-largest movie chain.
The case involved a Pennsylvania man who wanted to see the movie “Gone Girl” and sought a “tactile interpreter” from a Cinemark theatre in Pittsburgh. The theatre denied their request.
The plaintiff, Paul McGann, reads American Sign Language through touch.
The appeals court concluded Friday that tactile interpreters are covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act. It says Cinemark can still argue that providing the interpreters would be an “undue burden.”
The interpreters cost a few hundred dollars per showing. Plano, Texas-based Cinemark earned $257 million in 2016.
Cinemark officials didn't immediately return an email seeking comment on the ruling.
Outlander's Claire and Jamie Fraser have been crowned the ‘Champion Ship' in the first annual RadioTimes.com League of Fandoms vote.
The pairing, who have captured the hearts of readers and viewers alike with their enduring love story in the Scottish time travel drama, claimed more than 40% of the 120,000 votes cast in an intense 24-hour battle on Valentine's Day.
Hot on their heels were Hannibal's Hannibal and Will Graham and Versailles' Monsieur and Chevalier, with Home Fires couple Pat and Marek in fourth place, and Poldark's Ross and Demelza rounding out the top five.
The vote is one of several tasks in the League of Fandoms, a year-long tournament designed to celebrate the most beloved TV and film franchises – and the people who love them. Twelve teams, representing twelve fandoms, take part in a series of challenges each mont, winning points for their teams along the way.
The winning ChampionShiP couple will get 10 points for their team, the couple in second place will receive 9 points, third place = 8 points, fourth place = 7 points, fifth place = 6 points, sixth place = 5 points, seventh place = 4 points, eighth place = 3 points, ninth place = 2 points and tenth place = 1 point.
Bonus points are also awarded for inventive campaigning on Twitter and Facebook, so it's little wonder that it was in full flow as the ChampionShip raged online. Bonus points will be awarded to these creative minds.
Team Home Fires - 5 bonus points
Ah, all is revealed #LeagueofFandoms #HomeFires Pat wants to be swept off their feet... pic.twitter.com/hPaUCKsnGT — Jacky Taylor (@talesfromaspace) February 14, 2017
Vote for Pat & Marek this Valentine's @RadioTimes #LeagueOfFandoms as an added bonus it would really annoy bad Bob! https://t.co/ndlLr1Iu4F pic.twitter.com/HGGwwseSZc — Jess Taylor (@loadofolbobbins) February 14, 2017
Team Outlander - 3 bonus points
Team Versailles - 3 bonus points
Please go and vote for our #Versailles #MonCheyv in the #LeagueOfFandoms for the next 24 hrs. Thanks to voters! https://t.co/mUF8TEdk3P pic.twitter.com/lxsIoGHMfD — Edwinne De Mey (@EdwinneMey) February 14, 2017
Team Hannibal - 1 bonus point
Just consider what's going on inside the phone. Like nearly every other premium smartphone released this year, the V35 ThinQ packs a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 chipset, this time with 6GB of RAM. That's just like the G7, and the V35 felt just as fast as rival devices. Beyond that, the V35 mostly sticks to the existing V30 formula: There's a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, 64GB of internal storage, a microSD card slot, a 3,300mAh battery inside and a 32-bit Quad DAC that ensures the phone is still one of the best mobile music players on the market.
The V35 is far from the most innovative smartphone LG has ever made, but some of the changes here really are worth digging into. Take that 6-inch, Quad HD+ screen up front, for instance: It's a big step forward from the P-OLED panels we got in the V30 (and, to some extent, the V30S ThinQ). Let's say you were reading in bed and wanted to dial your V30's screen brightness down -- the display would often look a little gritty or grainy when you dimmed it.
This time, LG went with a more traditional OLED screen that avoids that pesky, dirty look and seems to produce punchier, more vivid colors at the same time. (It also doesn't have a notch, if that's a thing that matters to you.) The phone lacks the Super Bright Display mode that made the G7 so readable in broad daylight, but it was still plenty easy to read on a sun-drenched rooftop. All told, LG is on the right track here.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Tuesday:
1. POLICE MAKE DIRECT APPEAL TO BOMBER
In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Austin, Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
2. SELF-DRIVING UBER STRIKES, KILLS PEDESTRIAN
The fatality in a Phoenix suburb is the first involving a fully autonomous test vehicle, prompting the ride-hailing company to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada.
3. TRUMP UNVEILS PLAN TO COMBAT OPIOIDS
The president calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including embracing a tactic employed by some of the global strongmen they admire: the death penalty.
4. DATA MINING CREATES STIR
A Trump-affiliated group, Cambridge Analytica, reportedly tried to influence elections using data, including likes, inappropriately obtained on tens of millions of Facebook users. What's not clear is how effective that was.
5. WHAT'S NEXT FOR VLADIMIR PUTIN
As the Russian leader shifts into their next six-year term, they could groom a successor, scrap term limits, or create for themselves a new behind-the-scenes position of power.
6. TURKEY VOWS NO LET-UP
President Erdoğan says they intend to keep pressure on a U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia — and could expand Turkey's military offensive into other Kurdish-held areas across northern Syria and even into neighbouring Iraq.
7. MISSISSIPPI LAW STANDS ALONE
The state's governor signs the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law, banning most abortions after 15 weeks.
8. HOW TO STAY HEALTHY WHILE FLYING
Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane? Get a window seat, and don't leave it until the flight is over, researchers advise.
9. NCAA TOURNAMENT HAS NEW LOOK
Sixteen teams are now left. Top seeds Virginia and Xavier are gone. Ditto No. 2 seeds North Carolina and Cincinnati.
10. WHO'S STEPPING ONTO POLITICAL STAGE
Former “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon says she's running for New York governor.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Sadness over damage done to a #SanJose native species & wildlife reserve by an “over-zealous” volunteer. Santa Clara Valley @audubonsociety advocate (in photo) explains impact. At 4:40pm Only on @abc7newsbayarea #abc7now pic.twitter.com/qO4jtY490S — David Louie (@abc7david) March 19, 2018
Stewards of a wildlife and native plant sanctuary in San Jose are in shock over damage done by a volunteer maintenance worker.It's feared that nesting birds have been displaced after their habitat was destroyed.There is a fenced in area at Overfelt Gardens Park that is special.It's a wildlife sanctuary and native plant area highly prized by volunteers, who have been nurturing it for years. However, two weekends ago, an "over-zealous "volunteer came through with a power saw and hatchet, leaving behind a mountain of cuttings from Toyon bushes and at least five oak trees.Volunteers are shocked at the damage after many have worked so hard to protect it as a habitat for birds, wild animals, insects, and plants. This is where people can see willow flycatchers and the bollas spider."I'm sure this person thought they were doing a good thing," said Shani Kleinhaus, an environmental advocate with the Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society. "Apparently they told one of our volunteers that they wanted to plant a butterfly garden. Well, this was a butterfly garden."San Jose's recreation and parks department relies on 600 volunteers to help with maintenance with its limited budget.The cut oak trunks show evidence a power saw was used, even though power tools are banned in the city's public parks. The volunteer was supposed to work within walkways, cutting down only dead, low-hanging tree branches, but the destruction extends deep into the sanctuary."There's only one volunteer manager-coordinator, and there are over 200 parks in the city with volunteers all over," said Jean Dresden, coordinator for San Jose Parks Advocates. "How can they all be supervised closely?"The city has asked the state to investigate if any wildlife has been harmed. A survey by volunteers last fall identified the garden as home to 193 species, including 91 birds that nest here in springtime."Those birds will come back, and their home is gone," said Dr. Kleinhaus. "This is a home gone for a lot of birds, and it's a very tough time of year for them. They'll look for another place. They'll build another nest, but this had value."A spokesperson for the city's recreation and parks department said the volunteer responsible for what happened will be given a second chance. However, if they fail to follow instructions again, they will be banned from future clean-ups. The volunteer's name has not been released.
The foreign ministers of Canada and Mexico have said the current renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) will end up with a win-win-win situation for North America. Freeland met their Mexican counterpart, Luis Videgaray, and the U.S. Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, who is on a brief tour of Latin America. The three ministers discussed various topics, including NAFTA.
The foreign ministers of Canada and Mexico have said the current renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) will end up with a “win-win-win” situation for North America. Chrystia Freeland, Canada's foreign minister, admitted on Friday the talks with the US and Mexico were complicated but the three countries would take the time needed to do it correctly, Xinhua news agency reported. They said here in a press conference that concluding the deal as rapidly as possible would be for the best but that “uncertainty is never good.”
Freeland met their Mexican counterpart, Luis Videgaray, and the U.S. Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, who is on a brief tour of Latin America. The three ministers discussed various topics, including NAFTA. The sixth round of the renegotiation talks ended on Monday in Montreal, Canada, as the US asked for the process to be accelerated. According to Freeland, the meeting on Friday was “very productive” and reiterated Canada's position on the agreement being modernized to give more opportunities for the middle-class and those working to enter it.
In the same press conference, Vidagaray agreed with Freeland that the negotiations “are advancing in a serious and professional manner.”From the perspective of the Mexican government, we have a great opportunity for this to be a win-win-win negotiation, where Mexico wins, Canada wins and the US wins,” added the minister.”We do not see trade negotiations as a zero-sum game, where somebody loses and somebody wins,” they explained. The seventh round of talks will take place in Mexico City from February 26 to March 6, with the Mexican authorities confident of closing chapters on sanitary and phytosanitary measures, telecommunications and technical barriers to trade.The three countries have been revising NAFTA since August at the request of US President Donald Trump, who believes the trade deal has hurt American business interests.
BREAKING: False Asset Declaration Charge: Saraki discharged, acquitted
Mr. Saraki made a no-case submission on May 4, after the prosecution closed its case.
The post BREAKING: False Asset Declaration Charge: Saraki discharged, acquitted appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LIFE jackets are a must on small boats, but ill-fitting floatation can be worse than useless, especially for children, Imbil police have warned.
Acting Sergeant Bill Greer issued the warning yesterday during joint patrols at Borumba Dam by police and officers from the dam operator, Seqwater.
"These patrols have proven the majority of boat drivers are complying with appropriate marine and safety legislation. This is positive to see,” Sgt Greer said.
"However, a common mistake is life jackets.
"There must be one appropriate sized life jacket for each person on board,” they said. Children under 12 must be wearing their life jackets when underway in an open boat under 4.8m.
"If the life jackets are inflatable, they must be serviced as per the manufacturer's instructions - generally annually.”
They said free information booklets were available at Imbil Police Station.”
"We are also starting to notice problems with animals straying onto roads causing traffic problems. In the past two weeks we have had two accidents involving stock, where the vehicles were considerably damaged and the stock had to be terminated.”
They urged animal carers to keep fences in order and to prevent the animals straying onto roads.
"If your animal is involved in damage to a vehicle, you could be liable,” they said.
The T Editors' (Completely Fantasy) Gift Guide
Keeping with the holiday-wish-list spirit, we asked other T editors: What is the one tangible thing you would want this year — if time, money or accessibility were no object? The set of answers is a marvelous mix of items from so far and wide, it's enough to keep us dreaming until 2018.
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
Desert Water So Magical I Would Bottle It
Located next to the Mexican border are the Chinati Hot Springs, which are filled with minerals meant to cure back pain and irritated skin. Texans go to soak in the outdoor pools of water, surrounded by aloe plants, the dry desert dirt and the big blue sky. What everyone tells you once you're there is that the tap water has lithium in it. Drink it, and you feel drowsy, a little lighter than usual. As the lore goes, Donald Judd, who had settled in the nearby town of Marfa, wanted to bottle the water and sell it at Dean & Deluca in SoHo, but never really made it happen. Today, both visitors and locals go to the springs for a soak, often bottling some extra water to save for themselves. — THESSALY LA FORCE
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
Lavender-Infused Ice Cream, From Down Under
Lavender is in full bloom during Australian summer months — December through February, — which is also the ideal time to indulge in an ice cream cone. And the Bridestowe estate, a lavender farm in Tasmania, brings both things together, deliciously. Bridestowe's ice cream is made locally with pure Tasmanian dairy and flavored with lavender oil that is grown, harvested and bottled right on the farm. (Despite the fact that lavender originated in France, Bridestowe is the largest plantation in the world for the plant — which, thanks to its purity, is both culinary- and perfume-grade.) Visitors can stroll through 260 acres of the blooming plant and then stop by the cafe for a sweet treat, for about 5 Australian dollars, on their way out. — CATHLEEN O'NEIL
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
The Greek Cheese I Dream About
There are few dishes that stick in your mind long after you've consumed them. One of mine is the giant scoop of homemade goat cheese that's served at the Pantelis tavern on the mostly-deserted island of Marathi, a short boat ride from Patmos in Greece. Made fresh from the milk of local goats, the mild, velvety cheese is drizzled with oregano and olive oil atop a simple cucumber, tomato and olive salad. Marathi has no cars, no roads and very few inhabitants, which makes it an intensely magical place to drop anchor for the afternoon and have one of those lovely, late, lazy beach lunches the Greeks do best. — ALEXA BRAZILIAN
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
A Custom Surfboard — But to Buy It, You Have to Pass Muster
Any avid surfer will know of the legend Skip Frye, who has been an influential figure in the surfing community since the 1960s — and who is renowned for their prized handmade surfboards. Throughout the decades, these boards have become highly desirable for their signature shapes and unsurpassed quality. But getting your hands on one is not so easy: Skip, who is over 70, is highly selective when choosing whom they make boards for in their hometown San Diego, and only works with a limited number of customers a year who are serious about surfing. That's right — although the boards look beautiful and would be perfect above a mantel, Skip wants their surfboards in the water, and not hung on a wall. — ALEX TUDELA
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
A (Barely Legal) London Souvenir
Lots of people stealthily steal ashtrays from hotels as souvenirs — an idea I've always thought was romantic. Unfortunately, I'm a terrible thief. Claridge's in London, the Mayfair Art Deco grande dame, has a lovely unofficial service (they think of everything there) where if you approach the concierge, you can buy one of their square porcelain ashtrays painted with the hotel's signature red, blue and gold coat of arms. I have several at home which I use to hold everything from matchbooks in the guest bathroom and earrings on my bedside table to olives and nuts during cocktail hour. — ALEXA BRAZILIAN
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
A Vase Designed to Remain Empty
For their first solo show in New York, open through Dec. 16 at Demisch Danant Gallery, the Belgian artist Jos Devriendt created a series of simple ceramic vases, each with a matte glaze and a subtle texture. Devriendt eschews any debate over how they should be filled: They are meant to sit empty, with the artist suggesting that we “leave flowers where they are, in nature.” — TOM DELAVAN
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
Mykonos's Most Special Pareos
Tucked beneath the stairs on a side street in Mykonos sits El Pareo, a tiny store specializing in pareos (sarongs) from Bali. What makes them unique is not only where you buy them, but also who sells them: the owner, Loukas. With their handlebar mustache and quintessential Greek charm, they have become quite a staple on the island. Loukas's pareos are a little bit of luxury, and when you wear them back home, you are immediately transported back to the sea. — JENNIFER CONTOGEORGOS
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
Haute Window Dressing
For the person who has it all, except for a set of plush and ropy mink drapes (and a PETA membership): a set of $52,500 plush and ropy mink drapes, designed by Rick Owens. They can flank a window frame, divide a room into two distinct spaces, hang as a tapestry/objet d'art — or just replace some hippie doorway beads. — DAVID FARBER AND HILARY MOSS
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
Rare Honey, From the Highest Slopes of Ethiopia
Ethiopia is known to produce some of the best honey in the world, especially from its highest region, Tigray. In these high-altitude mountain slopes, various plants found nowhere else in the world produce a precious honey with a distinct and sweet flavor. With a near-endless amount of health and beauty benefits, a bottle of this rare honey makes it extra special. — ANGELA KOH
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
Antique Receptacles, Given New Life
The artist Liselotte Watkins hijacks antique vessels they find at markets or stores around Italy — and, as they put it, “gives them a face and life.” The results are beautiful, whimsical, even Matisse-like — and I've been coveting one for a long time. (Just imagine how good it would look on a crowded bookshelf, or overflowing with flowers.) For their 2016 show at CFHill gallery in Stockholm, they saw the pots as “an army of women.” Watkins says of the inspiration behind the collection of pots: “It was all about the matriarchy but also about the beauty of the collective. It was the women I see everyday. The dry-cleaners, the cafe lady, the mothers at my kids' school, the lady in the apartment downstairs. They are all there.” — ISABEL WILKINSON
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
A Winter Drink, Made with Orchid and Rose
The warm and sweet Turkish beverage Sahlep is usually flavored with cinnamon and rose water, thickened with ground orchid tubers and topped with ground pistachio. It's hard to miss a street vendor or cafe in Istanbul that sells the drink, but it's nearly impossible to find the beverage Stateside (despite the $2 price). — CAITLIN KELLY
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
A Bird's Nest So Beautiful, Even Your Cat Will Admire It
One of the most special pieces in Reed Krakoff's new home collection for Tiffany is a nest which incorporates two of the brand's hallmarks: a nest woven from delicate strands of sterling silver, topped with three porcelain eggs in the company's trademark robin's egg blue. The piece was inspired by an ad from the 1960s found in the Tiffany archives. — TOM DELAVAN
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
One-of-a-Kind Tea Bowls Older Than Us All
Antique Korean tea bowls from the Joseon dynasty (1392-1897), traditionally handmade with clay, were created by potters with privately owned kilns. Koreans have been practicing traditional forms of tea ceremony since the year 661 — but it wasn't until the Joseon dynasty that the ceremonies began to flourish, becoming daily rituals in aristocratic households. Today, a number of these artifacts are showcased in museums, but can be found for sale in antique shops. — ANGELA KOH
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
Handwoven Towels That Transport Me to Kenya
I traveled to Ol Malo — a wonderfully remote ranch and game reserve in the northernmost reaches of Kenya's Laikipia plateau — a few years ago. Every summer since, I am reminded of my time there when I lie on a perfectly oversize beach towel I bought at the lodge's little gift shop, which sells artisanal items lovingly made by the local Samburu tribe. Their wide, handwoven kikoys (Kenya's national sarong) are lined with fine terry cloth in a spectrum of colors that remind one of the lush landscape and blazing pink and orange sunsets so famous in this part of the world. — ALEXA BRAZILIAN
Image Credit Konstantin Kakanias
Secret Mezcal, Straight From the Source
The smoky spirit is now available around the world, but if you want the best stuff — or, at least, mezcals that aren't adulterated by giant liquor importers or wreaking havoc on Mexico's agave crop — then you must visit Oaxaca, the spiritual home of mezcal, where most varieties are made in small batches, often secretively, using a traditional method that involves burying agave hearts in the ground to roast. Before your trip, email the Maestros del Mezcal, an advocacy organization that helps local producers bottle their liquor rather than sell it to a third party, and eventually build their own brands; Maestros del Mezcal isn't a tour company, but if you ask, they'll take you to a few of the palenques (mezcal distilleries) in their cooperative to meet the owners, witness the process and purchase a likely unlabeled 750ml bottle for around $100. Making it last the journey home is on you. — KURT SOLLER
Sign up for the Open Thread Newsletter A look from across the New York Times at the forces that shape the dress codes we share, with Vanessa Friedman as your personal shopper. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
"It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer," said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
"It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend," Arnold said.
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokesperson Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
— The youngest drivers — those ages 16 to 18 — were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
— Eighty-three percent of drivers — and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older — said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
— Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
— Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
— Twenty-three percent of drivers — and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 — think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
— Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
When seemingly every troubling report of current affairs is followed by frantic shrieks of “Fake news!,” we seek sources we can trust, like Facebook posts from Moby.
Earlier today, the producer logged on to share some big-if-true info sourced from unnamed “friends who work in D.C.,” and it would seem the guy who wrote “South Side” knows a few things most of us don't. Among their assertions: The infamous, unverified intelligence dossier about Donald Trump is legit; the president is in cahoots with the Russian government; their administration is attempting to start a war with Iran; influential Republican operatives want to unseat him; and so do multiple domestic and international intelligence agencies. Here, read for yourself:
It should be noted that Moby isn't entirely off-base here. On Friday, CNN reported that U.S. investigators have corroborated some of the conversations described in the Trump-Russia dossier. (Nothing related to piss, though.) This morning, the New York Times reported that members of Trump's National Security Council were considering intercepting an Iranian ship and searching it for weapons last week. Influential right-wing mega-donors the Koch brothers haven't made a secret of their disapproval for Trump's immigration policy.
But who's supposedly feeding deep-state insider intel to Moby, of all people? Guys… it's time for some game theory.
Juventus striker Gonzalo Higuain knows there is no room for complacency against miracle men Barcelona at Camp Nou on Wednesday.
The Serie A leaders boast a commanding 3-0 advantage over Barça from the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
But Luis Enrique's men – who face a pivotal week in the season with a trip to Real Madrid in El Clasico on Sunday following on their agenda – made Champions League history in the previous round when they overturned a 4-0 deficit against Paris Saint-Germain with an improbable 6-1 win on home turf.
"I don't know whether our 3-0 lead will be enough. We have to come out fighting at Camp Nou and play like we did in the first leg in Turin," former Madrid striker Higuain told Juve's official website.
"Barcelona showed against PSG that they're capable of producing miracles, so we have to be on our toes.
"They'll be wary of us too, however. We'll be looking to create opportunities to score and we're certain that we have what it takes to reach the next round."
Juventus have designs on sweeping the board with a treble this season.
They hold a handsome eight-point advantage over Roma at the top of Serie A with six games to play and face Lazio in the Coppa Italia final at the end of next month.
"I'm very satisfied about how the season is going. There's still just over a month left and we want to go all the way in each competition," said record signing Higuain, who has 29 goals in all competitions.
"This is a crucial moment in our league campaign. It's not over yet and we've 18 points to play for so we can't take our foot off the gas.
"With each game, however, we're getting closer and closer to that sixth straight Scudetto we all want so much. We're in the driving seat."
All Air Force pilots are put through altitude chambers and spatial disorientation simulators to make sure each pilot understands what it feels like before they're in the cockpit. (Source: KAUZ)
The blue and red T-6's, like the one pictured above, are being temporarily grounded at all U.S. Air Force Bases. (Source: KAUZ)
All T-6 Texan II trainer aircraft continue to be temporarily grounded at all United States Air Force Bases, including Sheppard Air Force Base. It's because of 13 reported cases of hypoxia-related incidents since January 24th.
The base has 201 aircraft. 77 of those are their T-6's. They are out on about 120 flights a day. They are all now on operational pause due to the incidents.
Hypoxia is when you are not getting enough oxygen in your blood or tissue. It's just one of many physiological events a pilot can experience along with hypocapnia, not enough carbon dioxide in the blood, and hypercapnia, too much carbon dioxide in the blood.
All Air Force pilots are put through altitude chambers and spatial disorientation simulators to make sure each pilot understands what it feels like before they're in the cockpit.
Some of the common symptoms are dizziness, nausea, shortness of breath, and confusion.
Sheppard Air Force Base officials told Newschannel 6 it's only affecting the blue and red T-6's and not their grey T-38 Talon jets.
They said the T-6 aircraft is used for phase two of training.
It's unclear how long the pause will last, but Sheppard said the safety of their instructors and student pilots is paramount and remains their top priority and focus.
There was a similar situation that went on in the fall that lasted three weeks.
An Air Force investigation is currently underway to figure out why some pilots are having hypoxia-related incidents.
Stay with Newschannel 6 as we continue to follow this story.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain announced on Tuesday that they would call an early election, seeking to strengthen their government's mandate while it negotiates the country's withdrawal from the European Union.
Charitable organizations such as churches could soon serve alcohol during bingo games.
The City Council recently supported removing a prohibition to serving alcoholic beverages during games held for charitable purposes in the city, which might help groups raise more money.
“What this ordinance does is bring us up to current law,” Councilman Gene Hernandez said. “All of our surrounding cities have the current law, which ends up drawing from our nonprofits.”
Organizations would be allowed to serve beer and wine during fundraising bingo events, they said.
The council needs to vote a second time on the law Feb. 21. If approved, it would go into effect 30 days later.
The State Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control retains permitting authority over alcoholic beverage sales and service, so organization would still need to get the agency's approval, a city staff report said.
Councilwoman Tara Campbell requested the agency's license application be linked to the city's website for convenience.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7868 or desalazar@scng.com
This article is from the BBC's LDRS (Local Democracy Reporter Service) scheme, which OnTheWight is taking part in. Some additions by OnTheWight. Ed
An Isle of Wight care home has been placed in special measures due to “widespread and systematic failings” and has six months to improve or face being shut down.
Solent View Care Home, in Victoria Grove, East Cowes, was inspected at the end of February and rated ‘inadequate' by the Care Quality Commission (CQC), which found eight breaches of the Health and Social Care Act.
The inspection was prompted by safeguarding concerns from the local authority.
Failures of care
Inspectors found staff who administered medicines were not always trained and people did not always receive their medication as prescribed.
In some instances, medication was left in the open where it could be accessed by anyone, including residents with dementia.
Areas of the home were found to be dirty, including the sluice room and a bathroom, which had overflowing bins and a “thick layer of grime” on the chair for the bath hoist.
Risk of cross infection
Inspectors noted that outside the sluice room was an opened bag of potatoes and an open net of onions, posing a further risk of cross infection.
The laundry room was based in a shed in the garden and the sink was “stained black with mould” with “loose dirt in the bottom”.
Considering residents' dignity
The report issued by the CCG also said some staff members showed a lack of consideration for people's dignity:
“For example, in the way they cared for their clothes and stored continence aids in their rooms.”
Although staff demonstrated a good understanding of people's individual needs, the records of care they provided did not confirm that the needs of four bed-bound residents had been met.
Mixed views from people
Inspectors said:
“We received mixed views from people about the manner and attitude of the staff. Some staff members used inappropriate language when talking about people, although other staff interacted positively with people.”
Staff supported people at the end of their lives to have a “comfortable, dignified and pain-free death” however, most had not received end of life training and people's care plans lacked information about their end of life wishes.
People had mixed views about the food with some praising the choice and quality.
However, inspectors said staff were unable to confirm the dietary needs of one person living with dementia were being met.
One resident was only offered 200ml of liquid over a period of 24 hours and inspectors could not guarantee residents were fully hydrated.
Despite the concerns raised, inspectors said residents felt safe at the home. One person told them:
“I feel very safe and very secure. I get treated really well.”
Special Measures in 2015
The home was previously deemed to be inadequate following an inspection in 2015, when it was placed into special measures.
At the following inspection in 2016, it was deemed improvement had been made and the service was taken out of special measures however, inspectors said this improvement had not been sustained.
Solent View Care Home declined to comment.
The home is run by Solent View Care Home Limited — Companies House lists the two directors as David Elliott and Linda Marie Silva.
The report
Full details can be found in the report below. Click on the full screen icon to see larger version.
Solent View Care Home CQC Report (PDF)
Solent View Care Home CQC Report (Text)
Image: © Google Maps/Streetview
Location map
View the location of this story.
TAMPA, Fla. — Braian Angola had 18 points and a career-high eight rebounds to lead Florida State to a 72-53 win over Tulane on Sunday.
Florida State (9-0) jumped out to a 21-7 lead midway through the first half after a 10-0 run. Tulane (7-3) answered with a 10-2 run to close to gap to 23-17 but the Seminoles scored the final six points of the half to take a 29-17 lead.
Cameron Reynolds scored five straight for Tulane early in the second half to cut the deficit to eight but with Trent Forrest scoring back-to-back baskets, FSU scored five straight points to put the lead into double figures for good. After a Reynolds bucket the Seminoles put the game away with 10 straight, four from Forrest, to lead 52-31 with 10:25 to play.
“First part of the game I thought we were a little sluggish,” Seminoles coach Leonard Hamilton said. “Second half I thought we moved the ball better and that opened up some better high-percentage scoring opportunities for us.”
Forrest and Terance Mann each had 12 points for the Seminoles.
Reynolds led the Green Wave with 16 points and 11 rebounds. Blake Paul added 12 points and eight rebounds but got into early foul trouble in the second half.
Tulane struggled from the floor, shooting 25 per cent (7 for 28) in the first half and 36 per cent (21 for 59) for the game.
“We had a lot of great looks that I expect to go in the basket,” Green Wave coach Mike Dunleavy Sr. said. “We missed wide open 3s and some layups. I thought we did a good job of executing and good job defensively.”
Florida State got its offence rolling in the second half, shooting 58 per cent (15 for 26) from the floor, including 5 of 9 behind the arc.
“Since the beginning of the year we've talked about ball movement and finding the open shot,” Angola said. “We don't worry about who gets the credit, we're just trying to find the open shots.”
BIG PICTURE
Tulane: The Green Wave only got to the free throw line eight times and shot 50 per cent.
Florida State: The Seminoles made things happen on the defensive end with nine steals and five blocks.
NOT WORRIED ABOUT RANKINGS
The Seminoles are one of seven undefeated teams and had a dominating 83-66 road win over No. 5 Florida earlier in the week. At 9-0, Florida State is one win away from matching the best start in school history.
But Hamilton isn't interested in talking about whether their team is Top 25 material yet.
“I'm not concerned about that because at this point because I don't know what our limits are,” Hamilton said. “We're just trying to get better so once we get to conference play we're at our best.”
GOALS IN SIGHT
Tulane has already improved its win total from last season and Dunleavy believes the Green Wave are in a position to meet their goal of making a post-season tournament.
“We have two more games before the conference and we want to be 9-3,” Dunleavy said. “From there we've got 18 conference games and you are probably going to need to get around 20 wins to make the post-season.”
UP NEXT
Tulane: The Green Wave will host Nicholls State on December 18.
Florida State: The Seminoles will host Oklahoma State next Saturday.
A pipe bomb attack in a passenger subway corridor beneath the Port Authority Bus Terminal that injured the suspect and three others Monday morning is terror-related, New York City officials said.
Akayed Ullah, 27, of Brooklyn, N.Y., is in serious condition at Bellevue hospital while three passers-by brought themselves to city hospitals to be treated for minor injuries, primarily suffering from ringing in the ears.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack," New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a news conference outside the bus terminal Monday morning. "An attack in the subway is incredibly unsettling. Thank God the terrorist didn't achieve their ultimate goals."
Law enforcement officials say they were inspired by the Islamic State, but apparently had no direct contact with the terror group.
Ullah detonated a "low-tech" improvised explosive device in an underground passageway connecting two subway lines about 7:20 a.m., police said.
They strapped the device to their body using Velcro and zip ties, according to police, who have yet to conclude whether Ullah specifically chose that spot to set off the device. Ullah had burns to their hands and abdomen, police said.
"This was frightening and disturbing," New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said. "We're thankful that the reality turns out better than our initial expectations and fear."
Ullah was walking east in the corridor between 8th Avenue and 7th Avenue when the device detonated, police commissioner James O'Neill said.
Ullah, who lives in Brooklyn, came to the U.S. from Bangladesh about seven years ago and had been licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, according to law enforcement officials and NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission. They were speaking with investigators from their hospital bed, police said.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah arrived in the United States on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, and that they made the bomb in their home.
The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Service has since resumed at the Port Authority Bus Terminal. NJ Transit said that PATH discontinued cross honoring bus tickets. NJ Transit rail will stop cross honoring bus tickets at 11:59 a.m.
JUST IN: The suspected Port Authority bomber has been identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, an ISIS-inspired Brooklyn man https://t.co/sI8z5juTQO pic.twitter.com/hZxcDfYeP2 -- New York Post (@nypost) December 11, 2017
NY Waterway ferries will continue to cross honor NJ Transit bus tickets until 8 p.m. and had deployed extra ferries.
The MTA said that while subways have resumed service, trains on the Seventh and Eighth Avenue lines will not stop at 42nd Street. There are still significant traffic delays at the Lincoln Tunnel to New York.
Gov. Chris Christie said additional security has been stationed at mass transit hubs.
"Every law enforcement asset in New Jersey is coordinating with our federal and New York partners regarding this incident," Christie said. "I urge all New Jerseyans to be alert and that if they see something unusual, to report it to law enforcement immediately."
Larry Higgs and the Associated Press contributed to this report Jeff Goldman may be reached at jeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JeffSGoldman. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Find out which channel every major sporting event is on TV this year, including full details from BBC, ITV, Sky Sports, BT Sport, Eurosport and more
Find out when and where every major sporting event in 2018 is on TV with RadioTimes.com's full guide to the year in sport.
Advertisement
From the 2018 World Cup to Wimbledon, England cricket to live rugby, athletics, cycling and more, we've listed when each event is taking place and which channel will be broadcasting it.
Check back regularly as we add more events to our guide to the best of BBC Sport, ITV, Sky Sports, BT Sport, Eurosport and more.
And with the likes of Amazon making waves in the sports rights market, it's always worth checking whether the event you want to watch is available – even if you're not a regular subscriber.
For major events such as the Fifa World Cup we will include separate guides to all the live fixtures on TV. Click the links below for more details.
May
27 May-10 June: French Open tennis – live on ITV and Eurosport
June
1-5 June: England v Pakistan cricket, second Test – live on Sky Sports
2 June: International football friendly: England v Nigeria – live on ITV
2 June: The Derby horse racing – live on ITV
2 June: Rugby union internationals: South Africa v Wales – live on Channel 4
7 June: International football friendly: England v Costa Rica – live on ITV
9 June: Boxing: Tyson Fury fight – live on BT Sport
9 June: Rugby union internationals: Australia v Ireland, South Africa v England, Canada v Scotland
10 June: International cricket: Scotland v England, ODI – live on Sky Sports
13 June: International cricket: England v Australia, first ODI – live on Sky Sports
14 June-15 July: 2018 Football World Cup in Russia – live on BBC and ITV, (Full fixtures here)
14-17 June: US Open golf – live on Sky Sports
18 June: World Cup 2018: England v Tunisia (England's first match) – live on BBC
18-24 June: Aegon Tennis Championships (Queen's) – live on BBC
19-23 June: Royal Ascot horse racing – live on ITV
July
2-15 July: Wimbledon 2018 tennis – live on BBC
4 July: T20 Blast cricket tournament starts – live on Sky Sports
7-29 July: Tour de France 2018 – live on ITV and Eurosport
8 July: Formula 1 British Grand Prix, Silverstone – live on Channel 4 and Sky Sports
14-15 July: World Cup Athletics London 2018 – live on BBC
15 July: World Cup final – live on BBC and ITV
19-22 July: The Open golf – live on Sky Sports
21-22 July: London Anniversary Games – live on BBC
21 July-5 August: Women's World Cup hockey – live on BT Sport
August
1-5 August: England v India Test cricket series starts (1st Test at Edgbaston) – live on Sky Sports
1-12 August: European Sports Championships – live on BBC
9-12 August: US PGA Championship golf – live on Sky Sports
11-12 August: 2018-2019 Premier League season starts – live on Sky Sports and BT Sport
25 August: Rugby league Challenge Cup final – live on BBC
27 August – 9 September: US Open tennis – live on Amazon Prime Video
September
15 September: T20 Blast Finals Day – live on Sky Sports
28-30 September: Ryder Cup golf – live on Sky Sports
October
10 October: Sri Lanka v England cricket, 1st ODI – live on Sky Sports
13 October: Super League Grand Final – live on Sky Sports
22-28 October: Tennis WTA Finals – live on BT Sport
27 November: Rugby league international: England v New Zealand
November
3 November: Rugby union Autumn internationals begin: England v South Africa; Wales v Scotland – live on Sky Sports and BBC
3-14 November: Women's World Twenty20 Cricket World Cup – live on Sky Sports
6 November: Sri Lanka v England cricket, 1st Test – live on Sky Sports
10 November: Rugby Autumn internationals: England v New Zealand – live on Sky Sports
12-18 November: Tennis ATP Finals – live on Sky Sports
23-25 November: Tennis Davis Cup final
27 November-9 December: Snooker UK Championship – live on BBC
Advertisement
28 November-16 December: Hockey Men's World Cup – live on BT Sport
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Researchers released important news that may make Lyme disease much easier to diagnose.
It came from a scientific conference held at the prestigious Cold Spring Harbor Labs on Long Island.
As CBS2's Dr. Max Gomez reported, test results aren't always crystal clear. Doctors often treat based on symptoms such as joint pain, bullseye rash, and cognitive difficulty.
But that can lead to overtreatment or worse, delayed treatment when blood tests are equivocal.
You wouldn't think a tiny little critter like a tick could cause so much trouble, but if you get bitten by one carrying the Lyme bacterium you could become one of the more than 300,000 people in the United States who get Lyme disease each year.
People like Dana Parish.
“I have a crushing headache, a crushing neckache, never had symptoms before,” they told CBS2. “I took a shower and saw a bullseye.”
Dana had a few of the classic symptoms of Lyme, especially the rash. But that isn't always the case, which creates a dilemma for doctors and patients alike.
Current Lyme tests were devised decades ago, when we didn't know as much about the Lyme bacterium.
“What we realize now is they contain parts of the Lyme bacterium that can be confused with infections from other bacterium and the way they're inserted in the test or grown, it also omits some things that should be there,” Dr. Steven Schutzer from Rutgers Medical School said.
It can make the test results hard to interpret. A false positive means over-treating with antibiotics, but a false negative can mean a Lyme patient can go untreated which increases the chances for complications — the most serious of which include neurologic, joint disease, and cardiac disease.
Dr. Schutzer says there are better tests now. They recently took part in the Cold Spring Harbor conference and co-authored an article in the Journal of Clinical Infectious Diseases describing the improvements.
The new tests incorporate components of the Lyme bacterium that are more specific for Lyme, and can be detected sooner after a tick bite.
TORONTO — WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries.
The airline currently has a policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags, unless the extra luggage is “a golf bag containing golf clubs.”
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after their 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral.
Walker, 30, said the policy is “absurd” and shows preferential treatment to tourists, as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin.
WestJet told The Canadian Press in a statement that the baggage policy was in place for Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago “due to the amount of excess checked baggage brought by guests travelling to these particular destinations.”
The company said it's reviewing the aspect of the baggage policy related to golf bags, recognizing “the optics are poor.”
It further said that travellers who want to bring more than two bags to Jamaica or Trinidad and Tobago can do so through WestJet Cargo, its air shipping service.
The airline said it apologized to Walker and reached out to them in an attempt to resolve the issue. “It was never our intention to be discriminatory in this specific baggage policy,” said Lauren Stewart, a spokesperson for WestJet.
Walker said they received an apology and other messages from the company Wednesday afternoon but it was too late to help their mother, who was already in Jamaica.
They said they booked tickets for their mother, Nellrene Walker, so they could attend their sister's funeral in Jamaica. After paying for the tickets, they saw WestJet's baggage policy, and called customer service, they said.
“They let me know that no exceptions were allowed,” said Jared Walker, who wanted to pay for their mother to bring a third oversized bag.
“It seems really ridiculous that this policy…only applies to two countries which happens to be tourist destinations, and that there's a golf club exemption.”
In immigrant communities, it's common to take goods back to their country of origin, especially when a family member has died, they said.
Their mother is originally from Jamaica, and Walker was born in the United States after they moved to Florida. They both came to Canada in 1995.
They said when they originally asked why golf clubs are allowed, WestJet told them it was due to “weight distribution” and “baggage trends”.
Walker tweeted about the policy Tuesday night and said they received a message from the company around 1 a.m. saying it would allow their mother to pay to take the oversized bag.
But they said they saw the messages too late, and their mother flew out Wednesday morning.
Bellini comes to the big screen
Lovers of opera in Chattanooga are quite thankful that Father Entertainment along with AMC Theaters have made a commitment to bring one of the best live cinematic opera series to town, The Met: Live in HD.
This Saturday, you can kick back in comfort and enjoy Bellini's masterpiece Norma. The New York Metropolitan Opera's production stars Sondra Radvanovsky as the Druid priestess and Joyce DiDonato as their rival, Adalgisa—a casting coup for bel canto fans. Tenor Joseph Calleja is Pollione, Norma's unfaithful lover, and Carlo Rizzi conducts. Sir David McVicar's evocative production sets the action deep in a Druid forest where nature and ancient ritual rule.
This opera is an extraordinary fusion of sublime melody, vocal challenge, and dramatic power. It examines an ageless and archetypal situation: a powerful woman compromises their ideals for love, only to find themselves betrayed by their lover.
But equally gripping is their relationship with the younger woman who is the new object of their former lover's attention and in whom Norma sees both a rival and a second self.
The title role demands dramatic vocal power combined with the agility and technique of a coloratura singer. It is a daunting challenge that few can rise to: those who have are part of operatic lore.
The Met: Live in HD presents Norma
Saturday, 12:55 p.m.
East Ridge 18
5080 South Terrace
(423) 855-9652
Hamilton Place 8
2000 Hamilton Pl. Blvd.
(844) 462-7342
www.fathomevents.com
Google will begin using an experimental balloon to try and restore emergency cellular reception service to the devastated island of Puerto Rico after the Federal Communications Commission approved a license on Friday.
Google will begin using an experimental balloon to try and restore emergency cellular reception service to the devastated island of Puerto Rico after the Federal Communications Commission approved a license on Friday.
The tech giant aims to use it Project Loon program to restore emergency service to the island, where fewer than a fourth of the cell towers are working. FCC chief of staff Matthew Berry tweeted the news on Friday evening, two days after the commission approved a $77 million plan to restore telecommunications services to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, which was also a hurricane victim.
Project Loon, a program that would bring internet and cell service to rural and remote areas across the world through polyethylene balloons, has yet to be fully developed in Google's innovation lab. But its plan is to equip balloons with redesigned components of traditional cell towers, made lighter and powered with solar panels.
BREAKING: FCC issues experimental license to Google to provide emergency cellular service in Puerto Rico through Project Loon balloons. — Matthew Berry (@matthewberryfcc) October 6, 2017
A spokesperson with X, Google's innovation lab responsible for the project, told Mashable it was unclear if the balloons would be as successful in responding to the aftermath of Hurricane Maria as it had been when extreme flooding hit Peru in May.
“We were able to connect people in Peru quickly because we were already working closely with Telefonica on some testing; in this case, things are a little more complicated because we're starting from scratch,” the spokesperson said in a statement.
As a result of Hurricane Maria, 90 percent of Puerto Rico is still without power, making communication nearly impossible. A week after Maria made landfall, residents in the United States reported being completely unable to get in contact with their families on the island.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has also expressed interest in helping to restore Puerto Rico's power by using the company's solar infrastructure technology.
Here are some ways people can help to aid the 3.4 million Americans that call Puerto Rico home.
Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies.
Two 15-year-olds are in juvenile detention after allegedly "threatening action to be initiated" some time before Christmas break at Parkland High School.
According to a news release from Lehigh County District Attorney James Martin, South Whitehall Township police learned of the alleged action on Monday, Dec. 4.
They investigated the case with the county district attorney's office and the Allentown office of the FBI, the release says.
The investigation led authorities to take the teens into custody Wednesday, Dec. 6. They are accused of having committed delinquent acts. An adjudication hearing is scheduled for Thursday, Dec. 14.
"There is no longer any known or suspected threat against Parkland High School as result of this alleged incident," the release says.
The release doesn't specify what action was threatened. Juvenile matters must be kept confidential, according to Martin, so their office declined to provide further information.
Rudy Miller may be reached at rmiller@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @RudyMillerLV. Find Easton area news on Facebook.
Ruben Fraguada-Nicholson, 33, is wanted on a weapons possession charge, under a warrant dated July 7, 2017, according to the Warren County Prosecutor's Office.
Fraguada-Nicholson, whose last known address was in the 100 block of Mountain Avenue in Hackettstown, is described as 6 feet 1 inch tall and 180 pounds with brown hair and brown eyes.
The prosecutor's office asks anyone with information about Fraguada-Nicholson to contact investigators via a tip line at 908-475-6643, the fugitive unit at 908-475-6272 or via fugitive@co.warren.nj.us.
Photo
Here's what to expect in the week ahead:
TRADE
More Nafta talks, but not with the top negotiators.
The members of the North American Free Trade Agreement gather again in Washington this week to discuss the future of the trade pact. Negotiations have been tense, but two things may take the pressure off this time: The countries are not describing these so-called “intersessional” talks as an official negotiating round and they are expected to focus on making progress on areas of agreement, including digital trade and customs, rather than the most tendentious issues. The next official Nafta negotiating round will be held in Montreal from Jan. 23 to 28. Ana Swanson
W.T.O. members will gather in Argentina.
Officials from the 164 members of the World Trade Organization converge on Buenos Aires this week for a ministerial conference, their first such high-level meeting in two years. While the body is close to announcing an agreement on curbing government fishing subsidies, expectations are low for it to make significant progress in advancing free trade. Instead, the focus will probably be on the posture of the United States under the Trump administration, which has expressed skepticism about the effectiveness of the W.T.O. and similar international organizations. Ana Swanson
ECONOMY
Inflation is rising, slowly.
The Labor Department will release data on Wednesday on consumer prices for November. The low rate of inflation has been a persistent economic mystery in recent months, as falling unemployment and rising economic growth have failed to push up prices. The period of weakness could be nearing its end — economists surveyed by Bloomberg expect the report on Wednesday to show that prices rose 2.2 percent in November from a year earlier, above the Federal Reserve's target of 2 percent. But the steadier “core” measure of inflation, which excludes volatile food and energy prices, has remained more muted. Ben Casselman
Fed expected to increase key interest rate.
Janet L. Yellen will most likely oversee their last major decision as Federal Reserve chairperson on Wednesday. The Fed's policymaking committee, which meets Tuesday and Wednesday, is widely expected to announce an increase in its benchmark interest rate for a third time this year. The expected decision would lift the rate to a range of 1.25 to 1.5 percent. The Fed has been raising rates despite the weakness of inflation because unemployment has fallen to a low level and job growth remains strong. After the Fed's policy announcement, Ms. Yellen will hold their final news conference as Fed chairperson. They plan to leave the Fed in early February. Binyamin Appelbaum
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
TAXES
Congress sets a single public meeting to discuss tax bill.
The lone public conference committee meeting on the proposed tax cut legislation will be held in the Capitol on Wednesday afternoon, when Republicans and Democrats from the House and Senate will gather to publicly debate a bill that the G.O.P. hopes to get to President Trump's desk by the end of the year.
Some of the Southeastern Conference players who were impressive during spring workouts and could be impact players next season:
ALABAMA
DB Saivion Smith. The junior college transfer, a former five-star LSU signee, could make an immediate impact in a secondary short on experience. The Tide must replace its entire starting secondary, including unanimous All-American Minkah Fitzpatrick, plus a key reserve.
ARKANSAS
LB Randy Ramsey. The 6-foot-4, 227-pound Ramsey has shown flashes of All-SEC potential during their first three seasons at Arkansas, but he's also struggled with inconsistent stretches. Now entering their senior season, Ramsey had the best spring of their career under new coach Chad Morris and is expected to build on their 42-tackle performance last season.
AUBURN
DL Nick Coe. The versatile third-year sophomore is listed as a backup defensive end behind Marlon Davidson but could play multiple spots. The 6-foot-5, 270-pounder, who had two sacks last season, was the defensive MVP of Auburn's spring game with a sack for a safety.
FLORIDA
WR Van Jefferson. The 6-foot-2 receiver was the team's top playmaker during spring practice, running by cornerbacks, leaping over safeties and making quarterbacks Feleipe Franks and Kyle Trask look better than ever. Now, the Gators will wait and see if Jefferson will be eligible this fall. Jefferson and other former Mississippi teammates have petitioned the NCAA to play immediately following coach Hugh Freeze's ouster amid an NCAA investigation.
GEORGIA
RB D'Andre Swift. While playing behind seniors Nick Chubb and Sony Michel, Swift was Georgia's third-leading rusher with 618 yards and fourth on the team with 17 catches (more than Chubb and Michel combined) for 153 yards. They led the team with 88 yards rushing and a touchdown in an SEC championship game win over Auburn.
KENUCKY
RB A.J. Rose. The Wildcats hope Rose can complement two-time, 1,000-yard rusher Benny Snell in the backfield next season. Rose, a redshirt sophomore, rushed just 15 times for 37 yards last season but showed big-play potential with 134 yards and three touchdowns in the spring game.
LSU
WR Justin Jefferson. The younger brother of former LSU QB Jordan Jefferson and DB Rickey Jefferson caught a 94-yard touchdown pass during the spring game and may have played themselves into a bigger role next fall.
OLE MISS
LB Detric Bing-Dukes. Linebacker has been a big problem for Ole Miss the past few seasons and the Rebels are still searching for solutions. Coaches praised Bing-Dukes as a leader throughout the spring. The 6-foot-1, 254-pound senior had 24 tackles last season and will need to be much more productive next fall.
MISSISSIPPI ST
WR Austin Williams. The 6-foot-3, 205-pound Williams caught four passes for 61 yards and a touchdown during Mississippi State's spring game, capping off an impressive stretch of practices. The redshirt first-year student could provide an immediate upgrade for the Bulldogs, who sometimes struggled to gain big chunks of yards through the air last season.
MISSOURI
WR Nate Brown. The senior has battled injuries since emerging as one of Missouri's top receiving threats as a sophomore during the 2015 season. However, the 6-foot-3, 210-pound Brown was healthy during the spring and showed the potential to become a top target for quarterback Drew Lock this fall.
SOUTH CAROLINA
RB Ty'son Williams. The North Carolina transfer debuted for South Carolina last fall, but often struggled to find running room. Still, they finished second on the team with 471 yards. The 6-foot Williams had a strong spring, an encouraging sign that he'll be able to improve on those numbers this fall.
TENNESSEE
DE Kyle Phillips. The former five-star recruit heads into their senior season with only three career sacks. Injuries limited them early in their career. They played all 12 games last season and made seven starts but had just 4 1/2 tackles for loss and two sacks. But there's reason to believe the son of Tennessee State athletic director Teresa Phillips could deliver a breakthrough in their final season of eligibility with Tennessee's switch to a 3-4 scheme under new coach and former Alabama defensive co-ordinator Jeremy Pruitt.
TEXAS A&M
TE Jace Sternberger. The junior college transfer had eight catches for 147 yards and two touchdowns in the spring game. That kind of production would be a welcome change for the Aggies, who didn't get much production from the tight end spot last year.
VANDBERBILT
RBs Ke'Shawn Vaughn and Jamauri Wakefield. The Commodores and coach Derek Mason have to replace the school's all-time leading rusher in Ralph Webb. Luckily, they have some intriguing candidates for the job at what might be the deepest area on the team. Vaughn sat out last season as a transfer from Illinois, while Wakefield now is a sophomore.
——
More AP college football at http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 .
Ngāti Whātua Ōrākei has issued a reminder to the government to honour commitments made by the Crown in the Treaty of Waitangi which was signed by their ancestor Āpihai Te Kāwau on this day 178 years ago.
Ngāti Whātua Ōrakei is working on a plan to celebrate Waitangi on a day which commemorates their tupuna.
Ngāti Whātua Ōrākei descendant Sharon Hawke says, "It's a small start. What that looks like in a decade- I think it will grow and be a day of prosperity".
Their ancestor Āpihai Te Kāwau signed the Treaty of Waitangi on the 20th March 1840 and gifted 3000 acres of land to the Crown to establish the city of Auckland.
Ngāti Whātua Ōrākei spokesperson Taiaha Hawke says, "We are feeling a little sad because our elders that were alive then aren't here with us to share the fruits of their work".
Following the signing, Ngāti Whātua were basically left landless, except for a quarter of an acre for an urupa at Ōkahu Bay.
Ngati Whatua maintained that the land was acquired unjustly and took action to get their whenua back with the 506-day occupation of Takaparawha.
Now the iwi has grown its asset base to over $900mil.
Hawke says, "Our iwi was deteriorating. We lost our language and customs and that was sad, but things are really improving for Ngāti Whātu Ōrākei now".
Taiaha Hawke says they will continue to hold the government accountable as treaty partners.
"The government need to stay true to their word, written and spoken, to work together in partnership with Ngāti Whātua Ōrākei".
The next significant milestone for the iwi will take place on May 25, marking 40 years since the police eviction from Takaparawha.
ROCK ISLAND, Ill. — The Latest on a tree branch that fell on spectators, killing two, at a western Illinois fireworks display (all times local):
1:45 p.m.
A western Illinois sheriff says the branch that fell on spectators during a fireworks display, killing two, measured more than 8-feet (2.5 metres) around at its base and was about 45 feet (14 metres) long.
Rock Island County Sheriff Gerald Bustos said Wednesday the branch fell from an oak tree that's believed to be about 100 years old. It fell about 25 feet (8 metres) during a Tuesday night event outside the courthouse in Rock Island.
Bustos said autopsies will be conducted later Wednesday on 61-year-old Daniel Mendoza Sr. of Rock Island and 72-year-old Lawrence Anderson of Moline.
Six other people were treated for injuries, including a 21-year-old pregnant woman from East Moline who was near term. Bustos said the woman was taken to a local hospital where they gave birth. They say mother and baby are in good health.
——
12:40 p.m.
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on spectators during a fireworks display in western Illinois.
The Rock Island County Sheriff's Office says the branch fell from a large oak tree outside the county courthouse in Rock Island around 9:40 p.m. Tuesday.
Dozens were sitting near the tree watching the fireworks when the branch fell about 25 feet (8 metres) and crushed some of the spectators. Some of those who weren't hurt tried to lift the branch to free the people trapped beneath.
Authorities said 61-year-old Daniel Mendoza Sr. of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Seventy-two-year-old Lawrence Anderson of Moline died at a hospital.
Authorities have not provided the causes of death.
Five other people were injured.
Evolution on the Fly: Galapagos Study Shows Finches Evolved Super Fast New research proves interbreeding among species can produce new species in as little as two generations. Researchers discovered their proof, a new bird species -- the product of a love affair between a foreigner and local -- on the Galápagos Islands. For decades, scientists have been studying Darwin's finches on the Galápagos Islands off the west coast of South America. The remote islands offer an ideal setting in which to study evolution and adaptation. Some 36 years ago, a Princeton graduate student noted the arrival of a new bird on the island of Daphne Major -- a larger male, different from the other species on the archipelago. "We didn't see them fly in from over the sea, but we noticed them shortly after they arrived. They were so different from the other birds that we knew they did not hatch from an egg on Daphne Major," Peter Grant, a professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at Princeton, said in a news release. Researchers captured the bird and collected a blood sample. After being released, scientists observed the specimen mating with a local female, a medium ground finch of the species Geospiz fortis. In the decades since, scientists have tracked the development of the lineage produced by the odd pair. In the latest study, scientists analyzed the blood of the original male and determined them to be a large cactus finch of the species Geospiza conirostris. They arrived from Española island, 62 miles to the southeast. Genetic analysis of the six generations of the "Big Bird" lineage suggests a new species formed within just two generations. The new species now consists of 30 individuals. Until now, scientists thought the formation of a new species took much longer. In addition to being genetically unique, the new bird species also boasts a beak all its own. "It is very striking that when we compare the size and shape of the Big Bird beaks with the beak morphologies of the other three species inhabiting Daphne Major, the Big Birds occupy their own niche in the beak morphology space," said Sangeet Lamichhaney, a postdoctoral fellow at Harvard University. "Thus, the combination of gene variants contributed from the two interbreeding species in combination with natural selection led to the evolution of a beak morphology that was competitive and unique." It's likely new species of Darwin's finches have, through history, regularly emerged just as the Big Bird lineage did. Though most may ultimately become extinct, some may account for the species scientists know today. Scientists detailed their discovery of the new finch species in the journal Science. © 2017 UPI Science News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Princeton/Photo courtesy of P.R. Grant. Read more on: Scientists, Researchers, Journal Science, Evolution, Darwin Comment:
Name:
Dr. Arv Edgeworth: Posted: 2017-11-28 @ 5:13pm PT Forgive my skepticism but, how is one species of finch mating with a different species of finch, and producing a new species of finch, an example of evolution?
I understand my ancestry is English, Irish, and American Indian. Would not English, Irish, French, Chinese, etc. be different species of humans? If an Englishman married a Chinese lady and they had a child; how is that different from the example of the finches? If the finches are evidence of evolution, why aren't human species cross-breeding considered evidence of evolution? What makes them different? I just don't see it.
Also, why is the finch speciation even considered an example of evolution? Mutations apparently were not involved, nor survival of the fittest. To me, I would be more interested in how many species of finch were originally on the islands, how they got there, and is there any evidence of anything causing any of those finches to produce a species heading in the direction of becoming something like a non-finch? Or for that matter, coming from some form of non-finch, whatever that might be.
Nigerian Air Force acquires helicopter gunships, other aircraft
Some old aircraft are also being reactivated.
The post Nigerian Air Force acquires helicopter gunships, other aircraft appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By MARY CLARE JALONICK
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Former Cambridge Analytica employee Christopher Wylie has arrived on Capitol Hill, where they are talking to House Democrats about their time with the data mining firm affiliated with President Donald Trump's campaign.
Wylie's visit is part of a Democratic attempt to keep congressional focus on Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether Trump's campaign was involved.  They are talking to Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee Tuesday and Democrats on the House intelligence committee Wednesday.
The GOP-led House intelligence panel shut down its Russian meddling probe last month, saying they don't see any evidence of collusion or coordination.
Wylie sparked a global debate over electronic privacy in March when they were part of an effort to reveal that Cambridge Analytica had gathered millions of Facebook profiles to influence elections.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sega can't resist Sonic the Hedgehog-themed racing games, but this time it's adding a twist that might have a meaningful impact on gameplay. It's offering a sneak peek at Team Sonic Racing, which introduces (surprise!) a team dynamic to the familiar karting formula. Your three-person group can pull off moves that either assist each other or take out road rivals. You'll also see car customization and pick-ups based on Sonic Colors' Wisps.
Sports News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: ghanacrusader.com
2017-10-07
Laryea Kingston
Former Black Stars International, Laryea Kingston, has advised young footballers to work hard on improving their respective qualities which could enable them excel in their professional career.
The attitude of typical young Ghanaian football connotes the lack of determination and handwork as they often approach training schedules with lackadaisical attitude which does not help in their improvement.
But according to the former Hearts midfielder said any young footballer must be ready to face the difficult of surmounting numerous challenges in their respective careers as a strong mentality would prove key to your survival as a player.
Speaking on the Football Legends Night Show on GH One TV, Laryea said: “Before any agents comes to sign you they know what they want. So all you have to do is work on your qualities as a young player.
“Even though you want to go abroad you must look very attractive and make sure you are 100% ready to face the task outside because if you don't do that, you cannot survive,” Laryea said.
They added: “We have seen the best footballers on the local scene who returned shortly after going abroad because they don't have strong mentality which makes them unable to survive because in Europe there are no excuses.”
Rohr's doing a great job—Amuneke
Former Nigeria international, Chief Emmanuel Amuneke has observed that national team coach, Gernot Rohr who has taken the Super Eagles to the top of their 2018 World Cup qualifying group “has been doing a marvellous job.”
Speaking in a chat with reporters in Owerri, where they were conferred with a chieftaincy title, the Atlanta '96 Olympic gold medallist said, “so far, they are doing a marvellous job. The coach has been using players who can help their cause and they deserve support from all.”
Amuneke said they were not surprised the Franco-German coach has been posting good results. “The coach you have today is from Germany.  They are from a background that has a good football culture, where they develop their people.  They are involved in the German programme, where they develop their coaches. Today they are our coach.”
Amuneke however, noted with regret that indigenous coaches were not given the desired environment and support to succeed. “It is unfortunate we do not regard our local coaches. When you don't make provision for your people to succeed, you don't come out to blame them. We all have a common objective, which is to qualify for the World Cup and make our team great.
“Rohr is doing a great job. I don't even know them because I have never met him. But I think I like them for what they are doing,”Amuneke said
The post Rohr's doing a great job—Amuneke appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the "activate now" button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
The Phoenix (6-5, 4-2 Mid-South) have won three straight and four of the last five outings heading into the Mid-South Conference Championships in Bowling Green, Ky., which will begin Friday.
Thiago Lopes and Axel Lucich started the match with an 8-4 victory at No. 2 doubles over Sebastian Schille and Dev Sivam and Riccardo Ferraris and Ramon Puertolas won by the same score at No. 1 against Aatu Merenheimo and Leonardo Couto. Tanishq Mahendru and Luis Westrick picked up the only point for the Patriots (5-14, 3-3) with an 8-5 victory at No. 3 versus Jose Ortega Vela and Alejandro Rosas Garcia.
In singles Lopes was the first off the court with a 6-1, 6-3, win at No. 3 over Mahendru before Ferraris posted a 7-6, 7-5, victory at No. 2 versus Cuoto. Rosas Garcia's 6-4, 3-6, 6-3, triumph at No. 1 against Merenheimo secured the team win for Cumberland.
Puertolas defeated Westrick, 6-2, 6-2, at No. 4, while Lucich recorded a 6-4, 6-2, win at No. 5 over Schille and Ortega Vela finished off the match with a 6-1, 7-5, victory against Sivam at No. 6.
So far this week, Passion Pit have released two new songs, “Somewhere Up There” and “Inner Dialogue.” The singles promote not a new album, but a new company: Passion Pit main man Michael Angelakos is launching a venture called the Wishart Group, which aims to provide “legal, educational, and healthcare services” to musicians. (In the past, Angelakos has been open about how their own mental health struggles have affected their career.)
Passion Pit's most recent album was 2015's Kindred. Most recently, the band released a “Christmas visual album” titled Merry Christmas, Mr. Fields. Hear the multi-part “Somewhere Up There” and bouncy “Inner Dialogue” below.
[Stereogum]
Not more than fewer than 35 persons have been killed and several others still missing after suspected herdsmen attacked Tse Umenger in Mbadwem Council Ward of Guma LGA, Benue State.
According to Daily Post, the heavily armed men, numbering over 50, stormed the village on Tuesday around 7pm and set the entire village on fire. It was also gathered that no single house is standing in Mbadwen village at the time of this report.
The attack came same day suspected herdsmen attacked Gwer East, killing 19 persons, including two Catholic priests.
More details later.
VIDEO: Poetic Ken – Tattoo
Dek Records Afrobeat and highlife sensation Poetic Ken delivers the visuals for yet another super tune titled “TATTOO”. After the huge buzz generated by their previously released single “NWATA” Their new song “TATTOO”, a contemporary Afrobeat tune blends with the subtle elements of R/B oozing out an electrifying and inspiring sound, unique, melodious and expressing the purest love.
Their style is quite different.The compelling rhythm, breathtaking lyrics and strong deep vocals make this song a must-listen to.I think every wedding must play this song.I also think is cash in time for Poetic Ken. This visual for this Track Produced by fast rising producer Original Beatz was directed on the beautiful street of Lagos by Papiruex.
The post VIDEO: Poetic Ken – Tattoo appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
At the end of every school year, we round up all the lesson plans we've published and list them by category so teachers can find them easily. Below, our 2017-18 collection, but you can find the 2016-17 list here, and earlier lists going back to 2010 on our old site.
As always, much of our work responded to important breaking news. This year that included lessons on the Parkland shootings, Hurricanes Harvey and Maria, the #MeToo movement, immigration, the crisis in Myanmar and more.
But every year we also try to find ways to go far beyond the front page to use articles and images across sections of The Times to teach more evergreen skills and topics. In 2017-18 we took deep dives into bioethics, comics, music, student activism, podcasting, argument-writing, mindfulness and more.
What would you like us to cover next school year? Let us know in the comments, and have a wonderful summer.
Select a Page Home About SA - In Your Area - Search Site Join SA News and Analysis - 2016 Elections - Culture - Economy - Environment - Fight for 15 - Fighting Racism - Health Care - History - Immigrants Rights - LGBTQ Rights - Other - Socialist Alternative In Action - Theory - Top Stories - U.S. Politics - Uncategorized - Videos - War & Resistance - Women's Rights - Workers' Movement - World Events - Youth & Students World News Publications - Books and Pamphlets - Newspaper en español Donate
MIAMI (WFLA) – CarePlus Health Plans is notifying customers after a privacy breach that occurred on Jan. 17.
The breach occurred due to a series of programming and printing errors, resulting in Explanation of Benefits letters being mailed to the incorrect CarePlus member.
The EOBs impacted with the errors were mailed out on Jan. 9 and Jan. 16. Roughly 11,200 members' information as sent to another member.
Personal financial information and Social Security numbers were not contained in the letters.
The information disclosed included:
Member name
CarePlus identification number and plan name
Date(s) of service(s)
Provider of service
Services provided
CarePlus has no information that any data has been inappropriately used.
Anyone who notices any changes in their EOB statement, SmartSummary or medical records that are unfamiliar to them, or customers who have any questions, should contact CarePlus at 1-800-794-5907, from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. They then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July, when they urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, they said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said they had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
ARLINGTON, Texas — Sean Manaea's father is from American Samoa, where they grew up playing cricket and rugby and didn't really know anything about baseball.
The younger Manaea was born in Indiana, loved baseball from an early age and blossomed into a hard-throwing 6-foot-5 lefty who in their last start for the Oakland Athletics threw a no-hitter against the Boston Red Sox .
“My parents never played baseball,” Manaea said. “They just signed me up one day, and I was like, ‘All right, let's do that.' … From then on, something grabbed me and just kept pulling me toward it. It's just been my first love since I started playing.”
While Oakland's first no-hitter since 2010 is certainly the highlight so far for Manaea, the 26-year-old is off to an impressive start overall in their third big league season.
Manaea has a 3-2 record — the A's scored only one run total in their two losses — with a 1.23 ERA. Their 36 2/3 innings matched the major league lead going into Tuesday night's games. Opposing teams are hitting only .130 against them while managing 3.93 hits per nine innings, both second-best in the majors.
“A no-hitter obviously is a no-hitter. I'm looking forward to seeing what he's going to do the rest of the season,” A's catcher Jonathan Lucroy said. “The way he's thrown so far this year is really, really special.”
Manaea struck out 10, walked two and threw 108 pitches in the 3-0 win at home Saturday night. Manaea mixed in changeups and sliders with their fastball against the best team in the big leagues so far this season.
“I don't know how you don't gain confidence from something like that. It's one thing to throw a no-hitter. It's another thing to throw a no-hitter against the Red Sox the way they're playing,” A's manager Bob Melvin said. “He's a confident pitcher as is, but to be able to finish off a game like that should carry with them for a while.”
Manaea's next start will be Friday night in Houston against the World Series champion Astros.
“I'm going to treat it like any other game. That's what I did with the Red Sox, and what I'm going to do for the Astros,” Manaea said. “I'm not going to change anything just because something really cool happened.”
That no-no was the first for the A's since Dallas Braden's perfect game against Tampa Bay in 2010. It had been almost exactly 25 years since the Red Sox were held hitless.
Manaea's father settled in Indiana after being stationed there in the Army, so except for their own family, they didn't grow up around the Polynesian-like culture known for producing big football players, many of them now in the NFL, instead of big league pitchers.
“I played basketball from fourth grade to my sophomore year. I was tall and it was something to do in the winter,” they said. “It was fun for a while, but after my sophomore year, I was like, ‘Yeah this isn't for me.' I can't dribble the ball, I'm not physical enough. I'm skinny.”
Manaea continued to progress and excel in baseball. They went to Indiana State and had a standout summer in the Cape Cod League before the Kansas City Royals picked them 34th overall in the 2013 amateur draft.
The Royals traded Manaea to Oakland in 2015 when acquiring Ben Zobrist. Manaea made their big league debut the next season, and in their 58th career start Saturday threw their first complete game.
“The thing that impresses me the most is he's doing it differently than they did when they first got here,” Melvin said. “Just their stuff, they could get away with making some mistakes. … He's a three-pitch pitcher now. They command both sides of the plate.”
Melvin describes them now as a “true pitcher” and not just a thrower anymore.
Manaea didn't really get any sleep Saturday night.
“My mind was going a million miles a second, and I just couldn't get that moment out of my head,” they said. “It's something I never really dreamed of. … It's just a really, really cool moment.”
Before watching the highlights over and over throughout the night, they had a video call with their parents, who over the years have become obsessed with baseball like their son.
“They love everything about the A's,” Manaea said. “Ever since I started getting more and more advanced with baseball, they were always there for me, and they drove me to practices, drove me to games. They're all in on baseball.”
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The new year was only a few hours old when the first babies of 2017 were born at the Countess of Chester Hospital .
While revellers partied across the city, midwives at the Countess were busy welcoming two new bundles of joy into the world.
Nancy Faith Thornton was born at 3.40am, weighing 8lb 1oz, to proud parents Alison and Phillip of Chester .
Nan Barbara Thornton was quick to wish the couple well, saying on Facebook: "Well done Philly and Ali on the birth of our newest granddaughter."
(Photo: Countess of Chester Hospital)
Just an hour or so after Nancy was born, along came another new arrival.
Emilia Harrison born at 5.04am weighing 7lb 9oz to the delight of parents Sarah Harrison and James Andrews, of Chester.
JUST IN: President Trump Rolls Back Obama's Messy Birth Control Mandate- IT'S FIRED!
Today the Trump Administration has announced that they will make major changes to the way that insurance covers birth control.
Now, employers who find that providing birth control coverage conflicts with their religious or moral beliefs are now exempt from doing so. This overturns an Obama era rule that would force employers to provide birth control in their health plans even if they believed birth control to be on par with abortion. Some birth control methods like the Pill do not necessarily prevent fertilization of an egg, but rather just affects the uterine lining preventing a fertilized egg (aka a baby) from implanting.
Last year the Little Sisters of the Poor were in a predicament. Their case was going to head to the Supreme Court, but the sudden death of the conservative Antonin Scalia on the bench threw their future into question. The Obama Administration was making it difficult for the Catholic nuns, who were being forced to pay for birth control and contraception under ObamaCare. Teachings on abortion make it difficult to Catholics, whose money must not support abortions. So when both your tax dollars and your health care dollars go to support birth control and abortion, it creates a real issue for Catholics who do not want to be forced to commit a sin simply by settling things with their government.
While the Little Sisters and 37 other religious groups had to toil through the courts, several large companies were quietly exempted from these rules by Obama's government, including ExxonMobil, Chevron, Visa, PepsiCo and the American Military.
And now, with the change in the mandate, the lawyer for the Little Sisters said “This appears to be a common-sense, balanced rule and a great step forward for religious liberty.” The Sisters still need to finish up in court, but it “should be easy now that the government admits it broke the law.” That means they probably won't have to pay the $75 million in fines which they were first threatened with for their noncompliance.
Twitter blew up over the idea that people should be forced to pay for their own birth control. They're not quite at the point yet where they want to think about the teeny possibility that maybe the Pill isn't as wonderful as it's cracked up to be.
Evidently the GOP believe the single most important issue facing our nation is to let employers deny women access to birth control coverage. — Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) October 6, 2017
And the right wingers hit right back:
Nobody's hands are on your birth control, #HandsOffMyBC libtards. You cant force the taxpayer to pay for your BC anymore! Buy your own shit😂 × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir JJohn Hawkinss book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now — Makada 🇺🇸 (@_Makada_) October 6, 2017
Leftists are acting like birth control is being outlawed because they have to pay for it. Problem is with this instant gratification society, it's easier to expect government &tax payers to pay for birth control & abortions than take self responsibility for actions. #HandsOffMyBC — Irma Hinojosa 💀 (@irmahinojosa_) October 6, 2017
Presidential action was necessary to prevent authoritarian Libs from using govt to force Christians to pay for someone else's birth control. — Dan Bongino (@dbongino) October 6, 2017
You're a doctor. Your job is to keep your patients alive. A child isn't a disease to be cured. It's a person. https://t.co/lqolFHOLDZ — Yes, Margaret? 🎃 (@MargaretsBelly) October 6, 2017
And finally, here's a video from the Daily Signal last year showing that the Sisters were having “Nun of it.”
BELLEVUE, Wash. — A Seattle-area company has removed a school shooting video game off of its online platform following widespread backlash.
The “Active Shooter” video game was pulled days before it was to be released on the video-game marketplace Steam.
Valve Corp. as Steam's parent company said Tuesday that it was removing the computer video game because the developer was a “troll with a history of customer abuse.”
The game was developed by Revived Games, published by Acid and lead by a person named Ata Berdiyev, who had previously been kicked off of the platform under a different business name.
The game allows players to re-create school shootings by stalking school hallways and racking up kills.
It was condemned by the parents of students killed during a Florida school shooting in February.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands — Dutch police say they shot and wounded a man who was standing on the balcony of a residential apartment block and reportedly was waving an axe and shouting “Allahu akbar.”
In a series of tweets, Rotterdam police say the shooting happened early Wednesday afternoon in Schiedam when police tried unsuccessfully to calm the man. When an arrest team entered the apartment, the man attempted to attack them and injured a police dog.
Police say they are investigating the man's background. Their identity was not released.
The confrontation came a day after a man in Belgium attacked and killed two female police officers and fatally shot a passer-by.
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up their specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where they work.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. They don't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, they acknowledge.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes themselves as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says they no longer recognizes their neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. They say bureaucrats keep telling them to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, they say.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though they only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Them work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even they have not applied for work permits for their Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," they say. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged their feet too. When they arrived four years ago, they thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," they say.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
They still dream of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
The sacrifices of more than 300,000 servicemen and women are being honoured at events around the country today.
An estimated 50,000 people gathered at the dawn service held at Auckland War Memorial Museum.
A highlight of the morning was the different generations of people attending including grandparents, parents, youth and young children.
Some students told Te Kāea they felt a deep sense of responsibility to attend and pay tribute today, despite dwindling numbers of veterans remaining from the major conflicts of the twentieth century.
Wellington
Meanwhile, more than 500 locals attended a Wellington dawn service at Pukeahu National War Memorial.
Te Kāea reporter Moana Makepelu-Lee says tributes flowed throughout the hour-long service to World War I and World War II soldiers.
Chief of Defence Force Lieutenant Tim Keating delivered the ANZAC address followed by a poem Hoki Mai by Tayi Tibble of Te Whānau a Apanui and Ngāti Porou.
Whangarei
An estimated 8,500 residents in Whangarei took part in the dawn service in Whangarei and Minister of Regional Development Shane Jones told Te Kāea they were overwhelmed with the turnout.
Meanwhile, different marae in the region are hosting their own commemorations throughout the day.
This year marks 103 years since the landing at Gallipoli of Australian and New Zealand Army Corps troops. In all, around 30,000 New Zealanders have died in service.
Viewers can tune into the Rereātea and Te Kāea bulletins at 12pm, 3:30pm and 5:30pm on Māori Television for the latest news coming from our reporters scattered around the country.
DELTA, B.C. — Dozens of people were taken to hospital on Saturday after they were exposed to carbon monoxide at a farm in Delta, B.C.
BC Emergency Health Services tweeted that 13 ambulances responded to “a major incident,” and that 42 patients were admitted to hospital — 10 in serious to critical condition and 32 others in stable condition.
A spokesperson for WorkSafeBC, which has taken over the investigation, said it wasn't clear how many remained in hospital on Sunday morning.
The incident reportedly occurred in a greenhouse nursery at Windset Farms, which grows produce such as tomatoes, cucumbers and peppers.
The company website says it's been in business for more than two decades and ships its produce internationally.
Officials speculated the carbon monoxide may have come from the gas powered engine of a pressure washer that was being used to clean the nursery.
Carbon monoxide is a colourless, odourless gas that's produced whenever fuel is burned.
It can cause health problems — and eventually death — because breathing it reduces the body's ability to carry oxygen in the blood.
Representatives from Windset Farms did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Every match on this week's Niagara 5-Pin Mixed Pro League card was a close one, with three of the four being decided by exactly 56 pins.
Rob Macdonald sparked the Scorecard Harry's Half Pints in the closest match, which was decided by only 24 pins.
Macdonald's fantastic effort, a lane-scorching 889 (274, 317, 298) paced the Half Pints in their 2-1 decision over the Crossfire Wrestling Piledrivers. Will Morrison provided backup for the winners with a solid 737 (316, 238).
The Piledrivers replied with Brian McFarlane's stellar 828 (274, 263, 291), Chantal Papineau's 687 (236, 270) while Mike Owen was close behind with 681 (231, 228).
Elsewhere, the Wine Place Whiners blanked the Lakeside Electrical Lightning 3-0 on the strength of Sara Kennedy's fine 717 (213, 271, 233) and Marc Papineau, who was a model of consistency as they rolled 657 (221, 219, 217).
The Lightning struck back with Tyler Wendel's 693 (249, 240) and Norm Stup, who was right behind with 690 (281, 207).
The Oh Canada Eh Dinner Show Town Criers took two of three from the league leading Reggie's Renovations Inc. Hammerheads.
The Town Criers' assault was led by Chris Disher's 757 (240, 254, 263), while P.J. Cole checked in with 725 (250, 279) and Tim Dixon followed closely with 722 (259, 238).
The Hammerheads fought back with Wilma Vanderzwaag's 710 (213, 225, 272), while Frank Newman was right behind with 706 (249, 255).
In the evening's final match the Dale Mellway Life Insurance Magic edged the Oh Canada Eh Dinner Show Canucks 2-1.
Adam Eckhardt paced the winners with a steady 718 (250, 274), while Dave Pendllebury contributed 705 (248, 255) and son Jason Pendlebury carded 679 (257, 243).
The Canucks answered with Rob Fisher's consistent 677 (226, 224, 227) and Shawn Pellizari's 654 (278, 228).
*Note: This is not the bus in question. A 4-year-old girl was found at a Winn Dixie parking lot after officials say they may have been left on the bus all day (Source: WAFB)
The East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office is investigating a 4-year-old girl found in the parking lot of a grocery store.
It's believed the girl was left behind on a school bus after going unnoticed by the driver. A customer found the girl sitting under a tree near the Winn Dixie supermarket on Joor Road sometime before noon on Monday, March 19.
It's believed the girl fell asleep on the bus Monday morning and did not get off at the stop for their elementary school, investigators say. Officials with the East Baton Rouge Parish School System (EBRPSS) say it appears the bus in question was parked at the grocery store on Monday, but it's unclear if the driver parks the bus there every day. School officials also noted they are actively working to install GPS technology on their school buses.
According to the police report filed in the case, the girl is a student at the Baton Rouge Foreign Language Academy Immersion Magnet (FLAIM) on Mayflower Street.
EBRPSS has terminated the driver. Officials with the school system also say the child was in good health when found and was safely returned to their family. The number of the bus in question is 2243, according to school officials.
State law requires school bus drivers to check their bus at the end of every route to prevent children from being left on the bus.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
The reaction online to Woolwich con artist Grace Akintaro who scammed men out of money on Match dating site is very …
News Shopper
When a Woolwich fraudster who scammed seven men out of more than £100,000 in online dating schemes was convicted, there was a lot of reaction on social media. Surprisingly a lot of it wasn't to condemn Grace Akintaro, but instead from people asking for …
and more »
Select roads in Yellowstone National Park will open on Friday, April 21, 2017.
Roads to open include:
Mammoth Hot Springs to Norris
Norris to Madison
Madison to Old Faithful
Madison to West Entrance
Norris to Canyon Village
Be advised there may be delays due to road construction. Construction will occur between Mammoth Hot Springs and Norris. Expect up to 30-minute delays.
Additional information and updated road status can be found on the park website at Plan Your Visit and Park Roads.
Each spring, Yellowstone National Park clears snow and ice from approximately 321 miles of road including the Beartooth Highway outside the park's Northeast Entrance in preparation for the summer season.
Springtime in Yellowstone provides excellent opportunities for smaller crowds and wildlife viewing. Viewing opportunities special to this time of year include bison calves, bears, bull elk antlers in velvet, and the arrival of migratory birds.
Obanikoro's suit over daughter's accident: NBC wants N96.8m judgment-debt order quashed
The Nigerian Bottling Company (NBC) on Wednesday urged an Ikeja High Court to dismiss a garnishee order in respect of a N96.8m judgment in favour of a Minister of State for Defence, Musiliu Obanikoro. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Obanikoro had in 2010 sued the NBC at an Edo High Court for…
The post Obanikoro's suit over daughter's accident: NBC wants N96.8m judgment-debt order quashed appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
AMSTERDAM — A group of cyclists slams on the brakes as a man pushing a wheeled suitcase stops abruptly in the middle of a busy bike path in downtown Amsterdam to pick up a toiletries bag they dropped.
“If we wait a bit longer, he'll probably start cleaning their teeth,” one rider says to their neighbour, humour failing to mask their frustration.
It's a scene that is emblematic of the problem of overtourism that is clogging the streets of cities like Amsterdam, Rome, Barcelona and Venice.
The Dutch capital, with its World Heritage-listed canals, narrow streets and web of alleys in its red-light district, is now pushing back in an attempt to keep the city attractive to visitors and residents alike. But some say it's not going far enough.
Overnight stays in hotels here rose from just over 8 million in 2006 to 14 million in 2016. The number of people visiting the Anne Frank House has set records seven years in a row, to nearly 1.3 million last year.
Every weekend, the heart of the city is overrun by foreigners in strip joints and seedy bars. They gawk at scantily-clad prostitutes flaunting themselves behind windows in the red-light district, and they jam cafes where marijuana is permitted.
City alderman Udo Kock has a message for the drunken revelers: “If the only reason for you to visit Amsterdam is to get loaded, to get stoned out of your mind, look, we can't hold you back from coming, but we don't want you here.”
It's not just the young visitors arriving via budget airlines, staying at cheap hostels and hotels. Add crowds of day-trippers from cruise ships moored nearby and Airbnb guests shoving suitcases noisily along cobbled streets and you have a toxic mix for local residents.
With attractions such as the Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and Anne Frank House, Amsterdam has plenty of places of interest beyond the red-light district. Tourists pump cash into the economy and create jobs, but the impact of millions of visitors on a city of 850,000 is high.
“It hurts the character of the city,” Kock said. “There are really neighbourhoods … where you simply see that the people that used to live there don't want to live there anymore.”
“That's where the problem lies. How do you maintain the balance so that the old city doesn't become a ghetto where there are no shops, no facilities that locals are interested in?” said Stephen Hodes, co-owner of leisure industry consultancy LAgroup and founder of Amsterdam in Progress, an independent think-tank .
Musician Kyra Philippi lived with their family in Amsterdam's historic canal ring until budget hotels and Airbnb rentals transformed the neighbourhood. Philippi's quiet street became a busy path between downtown and the budget hotels. Airbnb guests began partying in a communal garden. “We were living in a really old beautiful canal house and it was super noisy,” they said. “We couldn't really enjoy being there so much anymore.”
With three children, the family relocated to a quiet neighbourhood on the city's edge.
Amsterdam is trying to regulate the problems, but Kock said “there is no golden bullet … It's such a complicated problem that you have to use every policy measure that you can possibly find, big and small. Everything. And you have to be creative.”
Among the many changes Amsterdam has enacted or is considering: halting construction of new hotels; banning “beer bikes,” which are large, slow, pedal-powered bars; shifting the cruise ship terminal out of the city centre and outlawing new tourist-only stores in the oldest part of the city and its busiest shopping streets.
One of the biggest deals was with Airbnb, which agreed to enforce a 60-day-per-year limit on Amsterdam properties and to collect tourist tax for the city from renters.
Another proposal is to change the way the tourist tax is levied, from a percentage of hotel room rates to a flat rate. That would hit lower-priced rooms harder and perhaps be a disincentive to budget travellers. Changing the tax formula might encourage more growth “from the higher end of the market and less of that growth will come from the lower end of the market,” Koch said.
But Hodes says the tax plan and other measures are not enough.
“It's all symbolic. The problem is radical and the only way to change radical problems is radical solutions,” they said.
Hodes advocates a halt on building new hotels, not just in Amsterdam but also in the region around the city, ending cruise ship tourism and rigorously enforcing a recently approved ban on touring cars entering the city.
But they concede that overtourism will be a tough beast to tame.
“No one (anywhere in the world) has come anywhere near solving this problem,” Hodes said. “The problem is much bigger than we're able to handle at the moment.”
BOZEMAN, Mont. — A creek that flows into the northeastern corner of Yellowstone National Park is set to be removed from a list of impaired waterways next year.
The Bozeman Daily Chronicle reported Sunday that officials with the Montana Department of Environmental Quality say that Soda Butte Creek now meets quality standards for heavy metals thanks to abandoned mine cleanups that started in the 1990s. The department has received preliminary approval from the EPA to remove the creek from the list in 2018.
The department's abandoned mine lands program manager, Autumn Coleman, says it will be the first time a stream will be de-listed in the state as the result of a mine cleanup.
The creek flows past the town of Cooke City before entering Yellowstone, where it feeds into the Lamar River.
——
Information from: Bozeman Daily Chronicle, http://www.bozemandailychronicle.com
A MAN who punched and injured their brother when they confronted them over failing to pay household bills has been ordered to do 80 hours unpaid work.
Preston Crown Court heard Edward Roy Barry Puckering, 24, had been enjoying their brother's hospitality at their home in St Aiden's Park, Bamber Bridge, near Preston.
James Puckering contacted police to report they had assaulted them by punching them and causing damage to their back door
But things turned sour when they were challenged by their brother James over paying theirs way.
Prosecuting, Jane Dagnall said: “James Puckering contacted police to report they had assaulted them by punching them and causing damage to their back door.
“The witness returned home and had confronted the defendant, who was living there, about not paying any bills.
“The defendant had been asleep having consumed alcohol.
“He jumped out of bed and assaulted them on upstairs landing. They attempted to kick them and throw them down the stairs.”
The court heard their brother managed to lock them in the house and run away.
They suffered a cut to their head, grazing to their back and bruising to their eyes.
In a police interview Puckering said they remembered being woken by their brother and was very drunk and said they had been “fighting”.
In a victim impact statement their brother said they were “in complete shock” and did not expect their own brother would assault him.
Judge James Adkin said: “It was a relatively sustained assault by someone who had had too much to drink and lost control.”
Puckering, now of Station Road, Bamber Bridge, admitted a charge of assault and damaging their brother's iPhone during the incident on June 1.
Baseball bloodlines often run deep on the diamond with several players following in the footsteps of their fathers.
Here's a look at five notable father-son duos:
FELIPE ALOU, MOISES ALOU
As manager of the Montreal Expos, Felipe Alou got to watch from the bench as their son Moises developed into a standout big-leaguer.
Moises was second in rookie of the year voting in 1992 and third in MVP voting two years later.
Felipe, who also enjoyed a long playing career, served as Expos skipper until 2001 and later managed in San Francisco.
Moises went on to play for five other teams. They were managed by their father again during a two-year stint with the Giants in 2005-06.
ROGER CLEMENS, KACY CLEMENS
A classic photo of this father-son duo was taken in the late 1990s when star pitcher Roger Clemens was in Dunedin, Fla., at training camp with the Toronto Blue Jays.
They recently recreated the picture — both sporting Blue Jays gear and carrying equipment bags — now that Kacy Clemens is in the organization.
Kacy, a first baseman, was selected by the Blue Jays in the eighth round of last year's MLB Draft.
They started the year with the Lansing Lugnuts and is now with single-A Dunedin of the Florida State League.
KEN GRIFFEY SR., KEN GRIFFEY JR.
The Griffeys made history in 1990 when they became the first father and son to take the field at the same time as teammates.
Batting second for the Seattle Mariners, Griffey Sr., hit a single against Kansas City Royals pitcher Storm Davis and Griffey Jr., followed with a single of their own.
They topped that a couple weeks later by hitting back-to-back homers against California Angels starter Kirk McCaskill.
CECIL FIELDER, PRINCE FIELDER
Cecil Fielder had eye-popping power at the plate and their son Prince was no different.
Both reached the 50-home run plateau (Cecil in 1990, Prince in 2007) and both cleared the 300-homer mark for their careers.
Cecil, a three-time all-star, spent parts of four seasons with the Blue Jays before blossoming with the Detroit Tigers in the 1990s.
Prince spent the first half of their career in Milwaukee but also had two all-star seasons with the Tigers.
CRAIG BIGGIO, CAVAN BIGGIO
Craig Biggio spent two decades in the big leagues. The Toronto Blue Jays are hoping their son Cavan will also enjoy a long career at the top level.
Cavan, a fifth-round pick in 2016, is enjoying a strong season at double-A New Hampshire.
The hype may be focused on teammates Vladimir Guerrero, Jr., and Bo Bichette, but Biggio is quietly hovering around the top of the league in several offensive categories.
Craig Biggio, a seven-time all-star, played their entire career with the Houston Astros.
——
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
Hong Kong and Singapore Emerge as New Meccas for Token Sales
Two countries have recently emerged as the new Meccas for token sales following bans in China and South Korea. The number of initial coin offerings in Singapore and Hong Kong has skyrocketed in recent months, as companies seek a favorable environment to raise funds outside their home countries.
Also read: Yahoo! Japan Confirms Entrance Into the Crypto Space
New Meccas for ICOs
With some countries cracking down on token sales, Hong Kong and Singapore have attracted companies seeking to raise funds through initial coin offerings (ICOs).
According to Fintech businesses, lawyers, and industry groups, the number of companies launching ICOs in Singapore and Hong Kong “has skyrocketed in recent months,” South China Morning Post reported on Monday. The news outlet then quoted Anson Zeall, chairperson of the Association of Cryptocurrency Enterprises and Startups Singapore, noting:
We cannot say Singapore has become an ICO hub yet, as more work needs to be done, but yes, there has been a lot of activity since September last year.
They and others believe that this is partly due to China's crackdown on ICOs. “In September, Beijing defined an ICO as an illegal fundraising tool after concerns over financial scams and money laundering. Dozens of ICO platforms in the country have since shut down,” the publication recalled.
While China cracked down on cryptocurrencies and ICOs, Hong Kong remains open to them and has seen significant growth in the number of token sales.
Neither Hong Kong nor Singapore currently has specific rules for ICOs. Lawyers and ICO issuers in both cities reiterated to the news outlet that raising funds through digital tokens remains loosely regulated there.
ICOs Moved Out of China
When China mandated domestic ICO issuers to refund investors and stop any new fundraising activities, many of them moved abroad.
Daisy Wu is among those whose companies have turned to Singapore shortly after Beijing's ban. “We wanted to avoid legal risks,” they were quoted. Them company, the Beijing-based Xender, is now trying to raise US$10 million through an ICO for a file-sharing service, the news outlet detailed. Wu confirmed:
Many Chinese companies have gone to Singapore for ICOs…We all want to play it safe.
Ben Yates, a lawyer with RPC specializing in fintech and cyber law, said that they have seen significant growth in ICO-related inquiries since September, elaborating:
It is very likely that the surge in the number of ICO inquiries we have received in the past few months is at least partly a consequence of the restrictions in mainland China…The obvious next step for many Chinese ICO issuers to take is to cross the border. You can still speak Chinese, but you can operate in a more favourable regulatory environment.
Korean Fever & Bithumb's ICO
South Korea also banned ICOs in September of last year, forcing local issuers to look elsewhere. They have also reportedly poured into Hong Kong and Singapore recently.
“Some argue that there is no legal basis for an ICO ban in Korea, but the authorities say that current laws alone are sufficient,” Money Today Network noted.
Earlier this month, news.Bitcoin.com reported that corporations in South Korea are attempting to bypass regulations using subsidiaries overseas to launch their ICOs.
Last week, local media reported that Bithumb, one of South Korea's largest crypto exchanges, is planning to launch a “Bithumb Coin” ICO through a Singaporean corporation. Another South Korean startup, Zikto, is also reportedly preparing an ICO in Singapore.
What do you think of Hong Kong and Singapore as the hubs for ICOs? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock.
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
The post Hong Kong and Singapore Emerge as New Meccas for Token Sales appeared first on Bitcoin News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DT Game Play weekly live stream
We're streaming The Swords of Ditto today at 2 p.m. PT. This charming top-down rogue-like has early The Legend of Zelda vibes and a unique progression system. We have a few extra Steam codes to give away during our stream.
The post DT Game Play weekly live stream appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Fabregas sets Premier League record
Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas became the first non British player to reach 100 Premier League assists as they set up Willian against Stoke City. The Spaniard is also the fastest player to reach the milestone, taking just 293 appearances to reach 100 assists. Fabregas is only the fourth player to have provided that many final […]
The post Fabregas sets Premier League record appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By MAILESI BANDA
GOVERNMENT has paid about K6 billion in arrears from the 2017 budget with K1.1 billion going towards paying pensions and K1.4 billion to the agriculture sector, Minister of Finance Felix Mutati has said.
And the minister has announced that consultants have been engaged to evaluate State Owned Enterprises with the view of recapitalising those with a good business case.
Mr. Mutati said the dismantling of arrears was in an effort to stabilise the economy which has been the mandate of the government in 2017.
Mr. Mutati was speaking at the Zambia Institute for Policy Analysis and Research (ZARI), 2018 national budget analysis breakfast meeting held in Lusaka yesterday.
They explained that because of the measures put in place by the government in 2017 this year with the introduction of E voucher, the allocation to the Farmer Input Support Programme had gone down to K1.8 billion in the 2018 budget from K2.9 billion last year.
They stated that in order to maintain the stability in the economy parliament was expected to pass four bills before the end of this year.
“Parliament will before the end of this year pass the public finance act and the budget and planning bill, the Zambia procurement act and the loans and guarantee act and all this is aimed at enhancing stability in the economy,” Mr. Mutati said.
They also said the acts would help in the acceleration of fiscal fitness as they would be acting with the protection of the law.
Meanwhile, ZIPAR executive director, Pamela Kabaso said the recent economic growth rates of 3 to 4 percent was not adequate to leave behind.
Dr.Kabaso said the 2018 budget had observed inclusive growth, adding that this was possible with steadfast and collective implementation of bold policy decision and reforms.
“We applaud Government for linking the 2018 budget to the Seventh National Development Plan and for continuing the implementation of the economic stabilisation and growth program in order to create a supportive environment for effective implementation of the 7NDP.
WASHINGTON — The Latest on President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions (all times local):
6:55 p.m.
Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham says they don't expect Attorney General Jeff Sessions will depart “anytime soon,” but the dynamic may be different once special counsel Robert Mueller completes the Russia probe.
Graham says Republicans want to avoid unnecessary drama ahead of the midterm elections. They say most senators believe it would be very difficult for President Donald Trump to name a replacement for Sessions and for the Senate to confirm a new nominee.
They say if Sessions leaves or is ousted, it would likely be seen as political interference with Mueller's investigation.
The South Carolina Republican tells The Associated Press that at some point Sessions will “have to make a decision.”
Graham says if “you don't have the confidence” of the president, “that will affect your ability to be effective.”
—-
6:10 p.m.
President Donald Trump's lawyer has repeatedly counselled them not to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite the president's ongoing anger at the attorney general's decision to recuse themselves from the Russia probe.
Rudy Giuliani told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Trump has asked them multiple times, before and after the former New York City mayor joined the president's legal team last month, about whether Sessions should have been fired.
“I don't think the president should do it and I've told them so,” said Giuliani.
BSG urges S'South people to back Buhari's re-election bid – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
GREENVILLE, Pennsylvania (WYTV) – Greenville received contributions from all ten players during their 62-20 victory tonight over Commodore Perry. Each player on Greenville scored.
The Trojans led the Panthers 29-4 at halftime.
Joe Batt, who became the school's all-time leading scorer, posted a team-high 12 points. Braden Uber and Mike Blaney both scored 10 points apiece.
Greenville, as a team, connected on 11 of 14 free throws and made 5 three-point baskets.
Jared Mink led Commodore Perry with 8 points.
Greenville will play Sharon on Wednesday while the Panthers will host Wilmington.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Archeologists undertook a major excavation of Chester's Roman Amphitheatre from 2004 to 2006.
And this week the research findings were published in ‘The Roman Amphitheatre of Chester Volume 1: The Prehistoric and Roman Archaeology' with a launch at Chester's Grosvenor Museum .
The excavations were funded and managed by Historic England (then English Heritage) and the former Chester City Council.
It's claimed the dig revolutionised the understanding of the scale and grandeur of these buildings and of the activities that took place in the arena and around the amphitheatre.
In addition to receiving interest from residents and visitors to Chester at the time, the excavations attracted national and international attention. BBC Timewatch featured the excavation in the programme ‘Britain's Lost Colosseum'.
Tony Willmott, senior archaeologist with Historic England and Dan Garner, formerly of Chester City Council, are the authors of this first volume. Dan was co-director of the Chester Amphitheatre Project. Tony was voted Current Archaeology's ‘Archaeologist of the Year' in 2012.
Councillor Louise Gittins , cabinet member communities and wellbeing said at the launch: “The project provided a fantastic opportunity for local volunteers and the wider community to get involved, they were able to gain experience of working on site and in finds processing, whether experienced or new to archaeology.
“The vast and complex task of analysing what was discovered over the course of those excavations has been carried out by Historic England, by our skilled and hugely knowledgeable archaeologists from Cheshire West and Chester Council and by specialists across the UK.
“This has all come together in this fantastic volume, which is a landmark moment for Chester, not only is it the definitive publication on the largest amphitheatre in Britain but it also puts prehistoric Chester on the map.”
The book describes the elaborate structure of the amphitheatre and includes some amazing reconstructions of how it ‘almost certainly looked'. It also provides a fascinating study of the early Roman occupation of Chester, and tells the story of the site from the around 6,000 BC to the end of the life of the Roman amphitheatre.
■ The Roman Amphitheatre of Chester Volume 1: The Prehistoric and Roman Archaeology' is available from the Grosvenor Museum and from Oxbow Books (oxbowbooks.com).
Wayne Rooney told reporters they should "ask Everton" why the Premier League club decided to let them leave to join DC United.
Rooney returned to Goodison Park last July following a trophy-laden 13-year stint at Manchester United, and went on to net 11 goals for the Toffees, finishing 2017-18 as their top scorer.
The 32-year-old failed to find consistency in an often struggling side, though, and manager Marco Silva and director of football Marcel Brands confirmed in June that the former England captain was in talks with MLS club DC.
The forward finally completed the move on Thursday, signing a three-and-a-half-year contract, but suggested that the decision to leave Merseyside was not just down to him.
"It's football. Everton is a club I grew up supporting," Rooney told a news conference.
"I was grateful and delighted to go back there last summer, but in football you never know what's around the corner and I decided to come here.
"I'm sure there are a lot of questions about why I left Everton, and the people who want to know will have to ask Everton football club and let them answer that.
"I made the decision to be here, I'm delighted to be here. I'm excited and just looking forward to the first game."
Rooney joins a side that finished bottom of the Eastern Conference in 2017, and currently occupy the same spot this campaign, but England's leading goalscorer insists DC are heading in the right direction.
"It's a league I've watched from afar for a couple of years," they continued.
"And speaking to people at the club over the last few months, I was excited by the project, the new stadium, the new training ground, the team, a young team.
"We have to improve, that's clear to see, but I think there's talent in the team and with a bit of guidance on and off the pitch I can help them and they can help me.
"I'm sure there's more [big] players going to come in, hopefully that's the case anyway, and we want to keep trying to build on the team.
"I know it's been a tough few years, but the league has got better and they're going in the right direction. In order for the club to move forward we will need to bring a few more players in."
Rooney, who missed the final two games of Everton's season due to injury, is set to make their DC debut against Vancouver Whitecaps in their maiden fixture at Audi Field on July 14.
I'm so sick and tired of hearing all you conservative snowflakes bellyaching about how much you hate NewsVine and how you can't wait till it's gone and you won't miss anybody here. Bla bla bla bitch bitch bitch moan moan moan.
Just quit. Right now. Delete your account and be done with it. If you are so miserable, and you hate it all soooooo much, why stick around? It makes you look pathetic.
The Strictly stars talk to RadioTimes.com about professional line-up changes, being a couple on and off the dancefloor - and Sunday lunch with Ed Balls
It's hard to believe that Neil Jones and reigning champion Katya Jones have been a part of the Strictly Come Dancing family for only two years.
Advertisement
In such a short space of time, the married couple have firmly established themselves as some of the best-loved pros – with Neil lighting up BBC2's It Takes Two and numerous Strictly specials, and Katya gaining infamy with Ed Balls in 2016 and a Glitterball trophy last year.
“We both love the show,” Neil tells RadioTimes.com during a break in rehearsals for the couple's new live show. “And Katya's had two amazing years – like, really great years!”
Katya won series 15 of the BBC1 show with Holby City actor Joe McFadden in 2017 and says the trophy “is on my piano downstairs. It's disappointing because it's quite small,” adds Katya. “It's a tiny version!”
“Thank god,” chips in Neil. “Otherwise I'd just be having to look at this huge trophy every day – a smaller version is a little bit more subtle!”
Ah, Neil. Despite not having had a celebrity partner for the past two years running, it turns out there are up sides to them having had a slightly lighter timetable in the autumn. Well, for Katya at least…
“It's been actually a little bit better in a way that Neil didn't have partners,” explains Katya. “Because I'd come back exhausted, you'd be there, ready to make me dinner…”
“I was the house husband!”
“Yeah, fill up the bath for me, talk me through everything. It's nice to have someone supporting you when you come back home.”
For both the celebrities and the professionals, being a part of Strictly is undoubtedly relentless. Twelve-plus hour training days, media commitments, costume fittings and rehearsals mean that for couples both on and off the show, there can be a strain. The dreaded ‘Strictly curse' is never out of the headlines, while fellow Strictly married couple Kevin Clifton and Karen Clifton announced their separation earlier this year.
“They're our really good friends and we're obviously not taking any sides,” explains Katya. “But it's quite hard to know that something went wrong. But you know what, the way they get on with it and the way they've carried on – and like they say, they actually have a stronger dance partnership now. They're so professional and we're just friends with both of them still.”
“I've known Kevin for years,” adds Neil. “Karen I've only known since I was on the show, but I've danced with them a lot as well. With both of them I've always said ‘no judgement – just if you want to talk about anything, just let me know', because I think it's really important that everybody on the cast also knows they've got support from us all.”
Katya, who says that “all the girl pros have such a strong bond” on Strictly, adds of Karen: “It's great the way they coped with it, and it's not an easy situation.”
Discussing their own relationship, Neil says that they and Katya both being a part of the show hasn't changed anything between them. “It feels exactly the same doesn't it?”
One big thing that has changed on the show this year is the line-up of professionals. Strictly fans reacted angrily to the news that show original Brendan Cole hadn't been asked back, while Chloe Hewitt, who had also joined Strictly in 2015 as part of the professional cast, was another shock departure.
“Chloe had the same role as me on the show so I was always around her,” reflects Neil. “She was a lot younger so it was always like that big brother. I was always helping them out, and I felt they were so natural in a presenting role so I thought they were great for this show.”
“I think it was hard for her, absolutely there's no doubt it was hard for them to get the news,” adds Katya. “I think they really connected with the younger audience, with the girls. They were always smiling, and even now, the smile never leaves them face.”
With Chloe and Brendan leaving, it's meant that three new faces have joined the Strictly line-up this year. Graziano Di Prima, Johannes Radebe and Luba Mushtuk – who was one of Katya's best friends in their teens.
“We come from the same dance class,” Katya says of Luba. “We were inseparable. And then life took different paths; they always had a dream of going to Italy and I always had a dream of going to England and literally that's what happened.
“Life took us in those directions and then years on we met on Strictly again so that was really nice. They did what I did for the first year on Strictly as they were an assistant for the main choreographer, and now she's got the chance to be a main pro so that's going to be really good.”
Neil, meanwhile, is already a fan of Johannes. “We saw them on Burn the Floor when it came to London and I pointed out straight away that they were my favourite dancer on the cast,” they say. “He was so great to watch so I'm looking forward to getting to know them as well.”
Although neither of them know Graziano, Neil jokes that they're “going to be teasing Giovanni, for sure” about the fact there's another Italian stallion in the Strictly pro line-up. Although whether this will mean that Neil definitely, finally, gets a partner… he's not so sure.
Either way, both Neil and Katya are looking forward to getting back in the ballroom this autumn – especially now that Katya's the reigning champion.
“I actually said that after my first ever series, Ed [Balls] allowed me to make an impact, and coming back last year I really felt a little bit nervous. ‘How can I impress the audience again? Will it be possible?'
“But then I said to myself it's going to be a totally different celebrity with a totally different personality and naturally there's going to be different levels of performance. I always work hard and I always put everything into it, so this year I'm actually excited because now that I've won it's going to be different again. That's what's good about this show – every year is absolutely totally different.”
When it comes to potential partners, Neil is after “someone who just really wants to have fun and is going to be entertaining for the audience” – whether that's because they're competitive and want to go all the way, or a celebrity who is there to have a laugh. “Either way, I'm their man!”
Katya, too, is after someone who “doesn't take themselves too seriously.” After all, they had great success with Ed Balls..
In 2016, the former MP became an unexpected national treasure – throwing away their inhibitions and throwing some serious shapes on the dancefloor. Their Gangnam Style routine became one of the most infamous moments in Strictly history and was even nominated for a Bafta.
After going through such an experience on the show together, it's perhaps unsurprising that Katya and the former Shadow Home Secretary are still firm friends.
“We just got on so well,” enthuses Katya. “I was asked to do a speech for International Women's Day at the police headquarters and I thought ‘Oh my God, how am I going to do that? I've never done anything like this'. So, of course, the first person who sprung to mind was Ed – he's just brilliant with the public and how to handle the audience.
“So straight away I needed advice, they gave me great points, and it just went perfect. They texted me to say how it went, and anything like that he's definitely the first person I go to.”
Neil also chips in that Ed “makes a great Sunday lunch” and even babysits the couple's pet dog Crumble from time to time.
“I was speaking to Ed and I was like ‘what am I going to do this year?'” adds Katya, looking ahead to the upcoming series. “His suggestion was to either get out early so we could do the Christmas special together or just keep winning, which I also quite like.”
Perhaps Ed will be making a reappearance in this year's Strictly Christmas special? Let's hope so. But for now, Neil and Katya are busy stuck into rehearsing for their brand-new show, Somnium. Currently they're performing a one-off date at the Lichfield Festival, but both of them are keen to take it on the road.
“There are a lot of preparations going on,” explains Katya. “I'm on the costume side of it – drawing, getting all the looks together. We want to do it well, even though it's only a one-off this time. Hopefully it will then grow, maybe into a tour next year.”
“I think at the moment, especially with Strictly coming up, the main thing is that we do this one show,” adds Neil. “Hopefully if it all goes well, we could do a tour in early 2019.”
Katya adds that Somnium “tells our story, of how we met and how we went through a competitive career over 10 years. It's like a celebration for us, and of that decade of being together.”
Advertisement
Neil and Katya Jones will debut their new live show Somnium: A Dancer's Dream at the Lichfield Festival on Thursday 5th July. Click here for tickets and more information.
General News of Sunday, 1 January 2017
Source: Myjoyonline.com
USAID
The Feed the Future-Ghana Agriculture Technology Transfer Project (ATT) is partnering reputable financial institutions in northern Ghana with a loan programme of $ 9 million to stimulate improved seed production, processing, and marketing.
The programme is to fuel the nascent private sector seed business that serves farmers in Upper East, Upper West, and Northern Regions.
It is also to encourage adoption of Climate Smart Agriculture practices and equipment that mitigate the harmful effects of climate change while adapting to changes.
The project is also targeted at increasing the volume and quality of improved certified maize, rice and soy seed growth and reduced seed retail prices at the end-user levels through the value-chain players.
Speaking at a summit for players in the seed sector and agribusiness industry in Tamale in the Northern Region, the Chief of Party for ATT, Dr Gary Mullins, said the programme was aimed at motivating both entrepreneurs and financial institutions to invest more in agribusiness, specifically the seed sector in the northern Ghana.
They said loans were targeted at seed producers, seed cleaners and processors, seed marketing, and seed companies as well as organisations, institutes and individuals interested in implementing Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA) technologies.
According to him, for every loan made by the financial institutions to finance any of the seed sector players in the three regions, ATT would bear 15 per cent of the loan interest payable on each qualifying loan disbursed, up to a total of $ 900,000.
Dr Mullins said the assistance would be paid upon submission of performance-based invoices and other deliverables to ATT.
They said the seed sector was a critical area that must be looked at if the country was to increase its agricultural productivity.
The summit, which was put together by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) in partnership with ATT Project, and Financing Ghanaian Agriculture Project (USAID-FinGAP) Seed Loan Support Programme brought together stakeholders in the agribusiness sector.
Dr Victor Antwi, Deputy Chief of Party for USAID-Fin-GAP explained that the ATT Project was contributing 15 percent of the loan interest payable on each qualifying loan disbursed.
“This assistance, which will go directly to the Financial Institutions, will be paid upon submission of performance-based invoices and other deliverables to ATT.
“The programme aims to motivate both entrepreneurs and Financial Institutions to invest more in agribusiness, specifically the Seed Sector of northern Ghana. Thus, for every loan made by the Financial Institutions to finance any of these agribusiness opportunities, the value of the interest to be charged will be reduced by value of the grant from ATT,” they added.
They mentioned that the participating financial institutions include; Barclays Bank, EcoBank Ghana Ltd, Bonzali Rural Bank, Builsa Community Bank, First Allied Savings and Loans, Sinapi Aba Savings and Loans and Tumu Cooperative Credit Union.
In a presentation, the Chief Executive Officer of A&G Agro-Mechanical Industries, Thomas Abanga, said the agricultural sector held volumes of potentials if farmers would adopt new technologies in their farming practices.
They said, for instance, that the A&G Agro-Mechanical Industries was established to bring agricultural mechanisation to the country, particularly in the three regions to increase agricultural productivity and alleviate poverty.
They said A&G had assisted more than 13,000 farmers this year in the Northern Region and part of northern Volta with tractor services.
Mr Abanga said their company would procure 50 tractors in 2017 to support farming activities in northern Ghana.
Getty Image
Next week Monday, the Great American Eclipse will arrive with more fanfare than any celestial event since Haley's Comet buzzed past us in '86. Of course, viewing said event will involve staring directly at the sun, which is not generally recommended, so people are buying eclipse glasses in bulk. Unfortunately, some of those are fakes, and now Amazon is cracking down.
In order to properly view the eclipse by looking at it directly, you need eye protection that complies with ISO 12312-2:2015 — the standard for stuff that lets you look directly at the sun. We're not talking about Ray-Bans, here, either; these are industrial solar filters designed to cut out almost all of the light from the sun. Without that protection, you run the risk of solar retinopathy. Basically, you overwhelm your vision, and they may not recover. That makes fake eclipse glasses particularly dangerous, but that hasn't stopped the unscrupulous from selling them via Amazon:
According to an Amazon safety notification… the e-commerce giant has removed the pages for products it could not verify met minimum standards including “MASCOTKING Solar Eclipse Glasses 2017 – CE and ISO Certified Safe Shades for Direct Sun Viewing — Eye Protection.” It is also offering refunds to customers who have purchased those products.
So, how do you spot fakes? The good news is that it's simple. The filtering effects of the standard are so strong that if they meet the qualifications, the sun should be literally the only thing you see when you wear them. So if you put them on in a normally lit room and can still see the lights, they're not safe to use. If you're buying in person, try them on in the store. If it's not blackout conditions, don't buy them.
VANCOUVER — An advocacy group says an animal cruelty charge has been laid against a British Columbia man after a dog nearly died of a serious flea infestation.
The SPCA says in a release that an older terrier named Rascal was rushed to an animal hospital on Vancouver Island earlier this year after losing about 85 per cent of their blood to fleas.
Animal protection officer Tina Heary says the dog was “literally dying from fleas” when they came into the group's care.
Heary says people know fleas can cause itchy skin and irritation, but don't always realize the insects feast on blood.
The SPCA says Rascal recovered after receiving life-saving blood transfusions and is now thriving in a new home.
It says Gary Bob of Lantzville has been charged with one count of animal cruelty under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.
What began as a rally by white supremacists in Virginia this weekend ended in terror Saturday as a car slammed into a group that was protesting the rally, killing at least one person and injuring 19 others.
The tension had been high since Friday, when a group of torch-bearing white nationalists (some giving a Nazi salute) descended on the University of Virginia campus to protest the potential removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
After Saturday's deadly violence, President Donald Trump said, “we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides … on many sides.” The response was met with criticism, with members of the president's own party labeling it too vague.
We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give their lives fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home. -OGH — Senator Hatch Office (@senorrinhatch) August 12, 2017
Very important for the nation to hear @potus describe events in #Charlottesville for what they are, a terror attack by #whitesupremacists — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 12, 2017
Mr. President – we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. https://t.co/PaPNiPPAoW — Cory Gardner (@SenCoryGardner) August 12, 2017
Beyond condemnation, what action will follow the spilled blood in Charlottesville?
Embed from Getty Images
GUESTS
Sarah McCammon, Mid-Atlantic and Southeast reporter, NPR; @sarahmcammon
Jameta Barlow, Assistant professor, Department of Women's and Gender Studies at Towson University; @allaboutafya
Meredith Clark, Media studies professor, University of Virginia; @MeredithClark
Rich Benjamin, anthropologist and cultural critic; senior fellow at Demos; author “Searching For Whitopia: An Improbable Journey to the Heart of White America”; @IAmRichBenjamin
Gary Shapiro, University of Virginia professor of philosophy and Tucker-Boatwright Professor of the Humanities, Emeritus
For more, visit http://the1a.org.
© 2017 WAMU 88.5 – American University Radio.
As another year in Poplar comes to an end, we look ahead to series eight and what the future might hold for the midwives...
Another series of Call The Midwife has come to an end and we're already wondering how we'll cope without our regular Sunday night visits to Nonnatus House.
Advertisement
The midwives made an emotional exit with a tear-jerking series finale, filled with wonderful clips of colleagues past and present and a celebration of Sister Monica Joan.
Series seven's final episode left us with lots of questions about what's next for our favourite nurses and their friends. Will Jack Ashton's Tom pack their bags and head off to do missionary work now that their beloved Barbara has passed on? Will Trixie return to Nonnatus House? And how will they cope with the return to the daily routine and their continuing battle with alcoholism?
What does the future hold for Valerie, Lucille, Phyllis, Fred, Violet, Reggie and Sister Julienne? And could another new face join the series?
Advertisement
We sat down to discuss what might happen in series eight in a Radio Times Podcast special.
See this hilarious reply to Twitter user who just got engaged…
So, an excited Twitter user shared how their man proposed to her, but a hilarious tweep had this to say.
See respons after the cut….
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Playstation 4 Pro is incredible in more ways than one, but what games does it improve through the VR headset? Let's find out!
PlayStation VR games already promise a rock solid framerate and a quality experience, but not every game plays exactly the same through each version of the PlayStation 4 console. Some games are made to play in what Sony calls "enhanced" mode if you have a PlayStation 4 Pro. These improvements can make a big difference, but before you go diving into a console upgrade you should see what games are already available in this new and improved mode.
Here are all the games that have been enhanced for newest PlayStation 4 Pro!
PS VR Worlds
PlayStation VR Worlds is a general demo game that comes with the PlayStation VR Bundle. This has several mini games to get you started in the VR universe. There has been a patch released for this game for better resolution and smoother transitions. You can see these differences best in Ocean Descent as well as The Heist.
See at PlayStation Store
Playroom VR
Playroom VR is another PlayStation VR bundle game with more multiplayer games. This is a great game when you have guests over, but there are single player games for when you just want to play on your own. The patch that was released for this game includes crisper resolution which results in much better immersion. This is one of the best games to play in VR if you truly want to see the difference in the PlayStation 4 versus the Pro.
See at PlayStation Store
Bound
Bound is a PlayStation original game which has been modified for PSVR as well. It's a platformer with limited camera control, unless the player changes it. The Pro patch that was released for this game only really affected the lighting for a crisper image.
See at PlayStation Store
Robinson the Journey
Robinson the Journey is a Pro enabled survival game for VR. It's a first person where you are immersed into this new world full of unexpected enemies. This game has a higher resolution for crisper images and more immersion, due to it being Pro enabled.
See at Amazon
Farpoint
This is a first-person shooter made for the PSVR with improvements on the Pro. Farpoint takes you through space in the comfort of your own home, while fighting alien creatures with your VR Aim. The patch in this game has crisper details as well as brighter colors and defined darker colors.
See at Amazon
Thumper
This rhythm runner is a fast-paced game that requires quite a bit of your attention to pass each stage. With little health and quick pace, Thumper will take your attention in order to beat bosses and mini bosses. The patch received for this game receives just a slight upgrade in resolution, but it's not anything for you to bat your eye at.
See at PlayStation Store
RIGS
Since this was one of the free PlayStation Plus games in August, you probably already own this mech-battling game. Not only is their a campaign great, but you can kick your friends butts while being completely immersed in the Mech universe. On the PlayStation 4 Pro, the patch creates better resolution and sharper textures in the game.
See at Amazon
Resident Evil 7
Everybody's favorite horror game series has it's newest arrival on PSVR. So, if you enjoy being completely emerged in the horror sphere of Resident Evil, the upscale to the Pro in VR will definitely help you out. The images are crisper, with the light coming through and making the shadows deeper, as if you need better high definition to want to pee your pants in this game.
See at Amazon
Eagle Flight
Eagle Flight is another Pro Enabled game for the PlayStation VR, which would explain it's high quality resolution. This beautifully construct game following the life of a bald eagle will surely prove how the Pro can enhance games. The increase of the level of detail and the draw distance helps you enjoy this bird combat game.
See at Amazon
Eve Valkyrie
Eve Valkyrie is another space action game that takes place inside of your own spaceship. You chase around enemies, shooting them down as you protect your fellow comrades. The patch on Valkyrie for the Pro increases clarity of images and intensifies colors.
See at Amazon
Battlezone
Battlezone is an arcade style VR game where you're in the cockpit of a tank. With the patch added to this in the PS4 Pro, it makes the game a lot crisper, which makes the cockpit look B.A. Enjoy going back to the arcade, with a little more immersion than the old arcade would have had.
See at Amazon
Rez Infinite
The psychedelic rail shooter based off of Sega's Rez will have you rocking to the soundtrack as you shoot down enemies. The patch they added to this game for the Pro will up the resolution to make the immersion even better than before. Just be careful to not let all the crazy lights mess with your head.
See at PlayStation Store
Rush of Blood
Until Dawn: Rush of Blood is another horror VR game that is based off of the Until Dawn game for the PS4. It brings the horror of Until Dawn to the hearts of those who love arcade-style shooters. You would think that this would bring up a big patch for this game, but unfortunately, little has been improved upon. Shadows have been updated to real time and tracking is a bit faster, but sadly that's all.
See at Amazon
Batman Arkham VR
Batman Arkham VR was a big hit, considering the thought that everybody was drawn to the Arkham series when it was released. You get to go through the underbelly of Gotham, going through all of the extras of the Arkham games. When played on the Pro, there is better definition in the distance, and the low resolution on the edge of the lenses has cleared out.
See at Amazon
Which of these games are you most excited to see enhanced with the PS4 Pro? Are there any other games you've seen a difference with the PlayStation 4 Pro? Comment below and let us know what you think!
Saraki's victory at CCT: Senator's acquittal, sweet victory for democracy -Ekweremadu
The Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, has described as “victory for democracy,” the discharge and acquittal of the Senate President, Senator Bukola Saraki, by the Code of Conduct Tribunal. Reacting to the Tribunal's verdict on Wednesday, Ekweremadu said it did not come to them as a surprise given that, like the trumped […]
Saraki's victory at CCT: Senator's acquittal, sweet victory for democracy -Ekweremadu
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Michael Oliver To Referee FA Cup Final Between Manchester United And Chelsea
Michael Oliver will referee the FA Cup final between Manchester United and Chelsea.
The Football Association announced on Tuesday that the 33-year-old from Durham would take charge of the showpiece match at Wembley, which will kick off at 5.15pm on Saturday, May 19.
Michael Oliver was at the centre of controversy after their decision enabled Cristiano Ronaldo to put Madrid through to the semifinals 4-3 on aggregate.
The 33-year-old was heavily criticised by Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, who was sent off in the aftermath of the penalty award. Buffon told reporters after the match that Oliver had “a garbage bin for a heart,” while threats and abuse directed toward them and their wife, also a referee, was “strongly condemned” by UEFA.
They will be assisted by Lee Betts and Ian Hussin, with Lee Mason as the fourth official. Neil Swarbrick will be the first video assistant referee (VAR) in FA Cup Final history.
Michael Oliver told the official FA website that the support they had received in the aftermath of the Champions League final had boosted him.
“It was a weird few days,” they said. “But it was nice that so many people, both within the game and outside the game, were keen to offer their support.
“It was quite humbling, actually, and it meant a lot. I had people coming up to me in the street and people from inside the game were sending me messages of support. It's a nice thing to know I've got that backing.”
They said they had been “very proud and humbled to receive the call” telling them they were taking charge of the cup final.
“As your career progresses it becomes a realistic target, but it's not a call you ever expect to take,” they said. “This opportunity only comes around once in a referee's career.”
Chairman of the FA Referees' Committee David Elleray backed Oliver to be able to handle what is expected to also be a lively encounter on the touchline between rival managers Jose Mourinho and Antonio Conte.
“Over a number of years, Michael has shown that they have a wise and calm head on relative youthful shoulders and they are an excellent role model for young referees,” said Elleray, themselves the FA Cup final referee in 1994.
“Michael has shown that they are capable of controlling the most important matches in Europe, and in England, and we have every confidence that they and their team will enhance what promises to be an enthralling encounter.”
Both Manchester United and Chelsea will receive some 28,000 tickets for the final, which represents around 80 per cent of the seats available at the national stadium.
Ticket prices will range from £45 to £145 for adults, with concessions also available.
The FA confirmed Chelsea fans would occupy the east end of Wembley, with United in the west end, which has been “determined by the travel requirements of the majority of each club's supporters”.
The post Michael Oliver To Referee FA Cup Final Between Manchester United And Chelsea appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
GUINDA, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on wildfires in the western United States (all times local):
10:20 a.m.
A southern Colorado wildfire that has destroyed more than 100 homes is still growing.
Officials said Wednesday that the fire has burned 147 square miles (381 square kilometers) since it began June 27.
Officials estimated that the fire about 205 miles (329.9 kilometers) southwest of Denver is still just 5 percent contained.
They say preventing the fire from spreading further south toward the small mountain town of Cuchara is a priority Wednesday.
Crews are watching for small fires inside neighborhoods as unpredictable winds persist. Nearly 1,000 firefighters are in the area.
___
8:45 a.m.
Crews are making progress against a Northern California wildfire that threatens hundreds of buildings but say wind and dry vegetation could still fuel the blaze.
California officials said the fire in rural counties northwest of Sacramento was 25 percent contained as of Wednesday morning. That's up from 15 percent the previous day.
It has burned through 129 square miles (334 square kilometers) after igniting Saturday. Some areas have been under evacuation orders for days.
It's among the massive wildfires burning in the Western United States and putting some Fourth of July plans on hold.
WASHINGTON — The save.
If the Washington Capitals manage to win the Stanley Cup, we'll look back five or 10 years from now at Game 2 and shake our collective heads.
Remember that save? Remember how Braden Holtby literally stole a 3-2 win away from the Vegas Golden Knights? Remember how it changed the series?
“That save,” said defenceman John Carlson. “I've seen a lot of them before, but just the magnitude of it.”
“You could see the emotion on our bench,” said head coach Barry Trotz. “Once they made that save, I knew we were going to win the game.”
With 1:59 remaining of a one-goal game, the Golden Knights dumped the puck into the offensive zone and gave chase. It should have been a routine play. But the puck caromed off the glass and squirted in front of Washington's net. Cody Eakin pounced on it and fed a cross-crease pass to Alex Tuch.
Holtby should not have had a chance. Instead, they scrambled and dove across the crease and got a paddle on the shot, smothering the puck and a much-needed win that evened up the best-of-seven series 1-1.
“You're thinking, ‘Yeah right,'” said forward Jay Beagle. “Holt just made the save of the year. The save of their lifetime.”
“I've got to bury that, though,” said Tuch.
The series now shifts to Washington, D.C. for Games 3 and 4 on Saturday and next Monday, respectively.
Washington might be missing top-line centre Evgeny Kuznetsov for one or both games after they left the first period of Game 2 with an upper-body injury. But if Holtby can repeat their 37-save performance and the Capitals can squeeze another three-point game out of Lars Eller, they might be fine.
“That's hockey,” Vegas head coach Gerard Gallant said of Holtby. “He was probably the difference in the hockey game.”
After a back-and-forth 6-4 win by Vegas in Game 1, both Holtby and Vegas' Marc-Andre Fleury had vowed to be better in Game 2. And for the most part, they lived up to their word.
Early in the first period, Fleury made a barrel-roll save on T.J. Oshie that would have brought a smile to Dominik Hasek's face. At the other end, Holtby was even sharper.
The 28-year-old had begun the playoffs as Washington's backup goalie, but they are a big reason why the Capitals have made it further than they had before in 20 years. It was Holtby who recorded back-to-back shutouts against the Tampa Bay Lightning to close out the Eastern Conference final.
And in Game 2 against the Golden Knights, it was Holtby who stopped all 15 shots they faced in the third period — including every attempt during a crucial 5-on-3 penalty kill — that turned this series around.
“He's our rock back there,” said Beagle. “He responded well.”
As the Golden Knights have done at home this entire post-season, they took a 1-0 lead in the first period. James Neal got the credit for the goal on a defensive gaffe by Washington's Dmitri Orlov, who tried to glove a lobbed pass but instead watched helplessly as Neal batted it out of the air for a mini-breakaway. They then beat Holtby with a wrist shot that found the top corner.
The Capitals would get one back 10 minutes later on a tic-tac-toe passing play that Eller completed. But despite ending the period tied 1-1, Washington still found itself down after losing Kuznetsov on a huge hit from Brayden McNabb.
Coming two nights after Washington's Tom Wilson had caught Vegas' playoff scoring leader Jonathan Marchessault with a blindsided hit, you knew that the Golden Knights would be seeking retribution. And they did it by taking out a player who is leading the entire playoffs with 25 points.
It wasn't necessarily a dirty hit. Kuznetsov had just dumped in the puck when McNabb finished a check where the initial contact point was the chest. But in the process, Kuznetsov's left arm got squished and they immediately left the ice and went to the dressing room clutching their wrist.
While losing Kuznetsov should have been a huge blow for Washington, it had the opposite effect. The Capitals woke up in the second, scoring twice on goals from Alex Ovechkin and an unlikely source in Brooks Orpik to take a 3-1 lead.
“He's just a battler,” Trotz said of Orpik. “He's one of the true pros of the game.”
Before the period ended, Vegas would get one back on a power play goal from Shea Theodore. But as Holtby has done all playoffs, they kept the Capitals ahead.
The Capitals goalie might have looked shaky when they allowed five goals in Game 1. But they were locked in for Game 2. With Kuznetsov potentially out for the next game, Washington will need more of that if it intends on winning its first championship.
• Email: mtraikos@postmedia.com | Twitter: @Michael_Traikos
Congress has long abdicated its constitutional authority with respect to the nation's numerous and ever-expanding wars abroad.
It was welcome news, then, to learn that Sens. Bob Corker, R-Tennessee, and Tim Kaine, D-Virginia, have put forward a new Authorization for Use of Military Force for consideration. At the very least, the offering of a new AUMF gives Congress a long-overdue opportunity to talk about America's wars and perhaps even contemplate whether the United States should continue any of those efforts.
In the aftermath of the September 11 terrorist attacks, Congress rushed to pass an AUMF that granted the executive branch the authority to order military action against those responsible for the attacks. Unfortunately, in the time since then, the 2001 AUMF has been used to justify American military action in countries and against groups that had nothing to do with the 9/11 attacks, with little congressional oversight.
The AUMF proposed by Corker and Kaine, while appreciated as a starting point for conversation, regrettably does nothing to rein in America's perpetual state of war. The AUMF authorizes military action against al-Qaeda, the Taliban and the Islamic State, as well as at least five “existing associated forces”: al-Shabab in Somalia, the Haqqani Network in Afghanistan, al-Qaeda in Syria, al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (in northern Africa).
The AUMF also permits the president to add new groups to the AUMF, as well as new countries where operations can be conducted, beyond Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Somalia and Yemen, though it does provide for congressional review for doing so.
While there are elements of the new AUMF that might be an improvement over the 2001 AUMF, in totality, what the proposed new AUMF does is keep the United States engaged in wars in at least half a dozen countries against an ever-expanding number of groups, with no sunset provisions or geographical limitations.
In other words, it merely continues, with congressional blessings, a state of war without clear goals or limits. After 17 years of perpetual war, it is time we reconsider our wasteful interventionism abroad and bring the troops home.
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — The company that runs the Hibernia platform off Newfoundland has pleaded guilty after it continued to operate after a crude oil leak that saw 6,000 litres spill into the North Atlantic.
The Hibernia Management and Development Company was fined $80,000 and ordered to pay $170,000 into the federal Environmental Damages Fund.
Newfoundland and Labrador's offshore energy regulator announced in 2015 it had laid charges in connection with the spill.
An agreed statement of facts says about 6,000 litres of crude oil leaked from Hibernia's offshore loading system starting on Dec. 27, 2013.
It was blamed on a slightly open valve which a supply vessel closed about five days later.
Hibernia is located 315 kilometres east of St. John's and sits in 82 metres of water.
Business News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-08-14
play videoThe customers were at the premises of the bank to make withdrawals
Customers of the Adabraka branch of Unique Trust (UT) Bank have threatened to halt all forms of financial dealings with the bank after its license was revoked.
The customers who besieged the premises of UT Bank in the early hours of Monday, expressed their frustration in relation to the recent takeover by the Ghana Commercial Bank (GCB), hinting that they were not pre-informed about the situation while threatening to withdraw their cash and close their UT bank accounts.
On Monday, the BoG announced the decision to revoke the licenses of UT Bank and Capital Bank, due to the inability of both UT Bank and Capital Bank to turn around their negative capital adequacy position which has lingered on for some time now.
In simple language terms, the action has been taken against these affected banks due to their “terrible” financial situation and their inability to perform within the banking industry.
A press statement released by the BoG revealed that it (BoG) has approved a Purchase and Assumption transaction with GCB Bank Ltd that transfers all deposits and selected assets of UT Bank Ltd and Capital Bank Ltd to GCB Bank Ltd.
However, the majority of customers GhanaWeb.com spoke to were uncomfortable with the takeover by GCB, claiming they might not like the new management as compared to that of Unique Trust.
Watch the reactions from customers below:
Lalong vows to avert flooding in Plateau
Plateau State Governor, Simon Lalong, has vowed to avert flooding in the state. They made this known while inspecting roads in Jos Metropolis, devastated by a heavy downpour which caused a gully erosion that threatened to cut off parts of the city. On the gully erosion in some communities in the state capital, Lalong pointed […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
So the weekend snowfall wasn't quite as bad predicted, but just what are your rights around snow days?
Here we sum up what you can and can't do legally speak if it snows or your child's school is closed due to snow, according to government website gov.uk.
Taking paid holiday
If there's travel disruption, employers can ask staff to take paid holiday (annual leave) if they give the correct notice. This must be at least double the length of time they want employees to take in annual leave.
So for 1 day's annual leave it would be 2 days notice. The employment contract may set down a different notice period and if so, this will usually apply.
Working flexibly
Employers may ask flexible workers to work from home or make up time later. Unless the employment contract says so, employers can't insist on this.
If the workplace is closed
If the workplace is closed because of disruption and the employee doesn't usually work from home, employers can't usually deduct pay. Employers might be able to ask staff to go to another workplace or work from home.
Time off to look after children
If an employee's child's school is closed or their normal childcare arrangements are disrupted, they could have the right for time off to look after them. This should be agreed between the employee and the employer.
Winter weather - travel disruption
Employees are not automatically entitled to pay if they're unable to get to work because of bad weather. Guidance is available from the Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service (Acas) about winter weather - travel disruption.
The Bey Hive seems to think that Beyonce is in labor with the twins after a spike in security appeared outside a Los Angeles hospital on Tuesday. Twitte went nuts with everyone freaking out. “Pretty sure Beyoncé is in labor,” one tweeter wrote. A second added: “Beyoncé is in labor this is not a drill I am freaking out.” If the rumors are true, I'm sure we'll soon find out!
-Ya Chica #IvyUnleashed
@IvyPower96
New series is likely to see Jenna Coleman's Queen Victoria initiate a 'sex strike' amid fears they went "mad" while pregnant says the writer of the ITV drama
Series three of Victoria is expected to explore the tensions in the bedroom between Jenna Coleman's Queen and Tom Hughes' Albert, with the Queen increasingly resenting the fact that they husband is constantly making them pregnant.
Advertisement
Writer Daisy Goodwin has revealed that they are planning to depict suggestions that the Queen may have withheld sex from their spouse in order to avoid constantly finding themselves pregnant.
“She has six children in eight years – which is a lot – and there are some gaps, so I wonder whether there may have been some withholding [of sex] on both sides; that's certainly something I'm going to explore in series three,” Goodwin revealed at the launch of the series 2 DVD.
“There's also a suggestion in a letter Albert writes to her… basically they thought that every time they were pregnant they went a bit mad, so there will be a bit of that. There's s a suggestion that she's not in their right mind, hereditary insanity and all of that.
“She's in this terrible double bind. They love Albert and they love going to bed with Albert. But every time they go near them they get pregnant. Obviously that suits them more than it suits her.”
Goodwin continues, “When she's pregnant they take over their work. He's the best maternity cover you can have – he's rather too good at it. They feel rather displaced, [wondering] ‘who am I?' They don't like the discomfort about being pregnant.”
In the final shot of series two the couple had three children. By the end of the Christmas special they will have five children, Goodwin has already indicated. In total the Queen had nine children over a 17-year period.
Goodwin added: “I think they resented very much having a baby so quickly after getting married.
“I think they just wanted to have some time to be married and have an extended honeymoon and basically enjoy their husband – who they clearly fancy the pants off. Not only do they have one baby, but they have a baby literally within seconds.”
Goodwin noted that the real-life Queen refers to “disgusting” babies in their diaries but also wrote lovingly about their children – a sign of their “complicated” psychological make-up.
“I don't think it's true that they hated their children; they hated the loss of dignity I think. Because if you're Queen and used to being in control of everything, there's a biological imperative you can't do anything about and it must have been very hard.”
Goodwin added that they also believed Victoria and Albert had pre-marital sex – an idea which was not explored in the drama.
“I am not really a gyanecologist but they do have the first baby almost suspiciously. I wonder whether or not they might have had a tiny bit of pre-marital sex. You heard it here first.
“I think it's not impossible. If you look at the gap between their wedding and the birth of [their first daughter] Victoria, first babies are usually a bit late and I would say there is the possibility of it. What a scandal!”
Coleman and Hughes are going to return for series three, but Goodwin would not disclose at what point Hughes' Prince Albert, who died in 1861, will expire in the drama.
“I don't know whether this is going to be the series when Albert dies,” added the writer.
“I haven't written it yet. I can tell you there will be drama and intrigue and revolutions in Europe. It starts in 1848, which was a very exciting time with revolutions in Europe.”
They added that the upcoming Christmas special will contain an “astonishing” episode which happened in real life but which they suspect viewers “won't believe is actually true”.
Advertisement
Victoria: Series 2 is out on DVD on November 13. You can order it here
BEIJING (AP) — Premier Li Keqiang has promised China "will open even wider" to imports and investment and will fully open manufacturing industries to foreign competitors.
Li, the country's No. 2 leader, said Tuesday at a news conference that Beijing plans to eliminate import tariffs on drugs and reduce tariffs on other goods. They said the country will "fully open the manufacturing sector," with better protection for intellectual property.
Li said, "If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider."
Chinese leaders are under pressure to make their slowing, state-dominated economy more productive. They have promised to open more industries to private and foreign competition, but business groups complain they are moving too slowly.
JACKSON, Miss. — Jeremiah Jefferson hit five 3-pointers and scored 17 and Chace Franklin sank a 3 with 16 seconds remaining to send Jackson State to a 60-57 victory over Alcorn State on Saturday.
Jackson State (10-13, 7-3 Southwestern Athletic Conference) trailed 57-51 with 3:17 left in the game, but Jefferson, Maurice Rivers and Franklin nailed 3-pointers on three straight trips down the floor to pull out the victory and snap a three-game skid. Rivers scored 12.
A.J. Mosby topped the Braves (7-16, 3-7) with 17 points and nine rebounds, while Devon Brewer scored 12. Alcorn State shot just 41 per cent from the floor, 28 per cent (5 of 18) from beyond the arc, made 10 of 16 at the free-throw line and finished with just six assists. The Braves came in averaging a conference-best 7.8 treys per contest.
Jefferson had four of their 3-pointers in the first half to guide the Tigers to a 31-25 halftime lead. Mosby had back-to-back layups to give Alcorn State a 48-47 lead with seven minutes left, and Reed Yalen's bucket stretched its advantage to 57-51 before the Tigers unleashed their game-ending 3-point barrage.
Broadcom's Qualcomm Takeover Bid Goes Hostile
Broadcom officially launched a hostile takeover bid for Qualcomm on Monday, nominating 11 alternative candidates to Qualcomm's board of directors.
The move sets the stage for a showdown over the future of San Diego's largest tech company -- one of only two Fortune 500 firms headquartered locally. Shareholders will vote to support either Qualcomm's or Broadcom's board candidates, with the results expected to be announced at Qualcomm's annual meeting March 6.
Broadcom did not raise the $70 per share offer price on Monday -- which valued Qualcomm at $103 billion. Qualcomm's board previously rejected that amount as too low.
But Broadcom could still boost its offer before the March 6 annual meeting, making it more attractive to Qualcomm's shareholders.
Qualcomm said Monday that the Broadcom offer undervalues Qualcomm's growth prospects in the Internet of Things, 5G, automotive and data center networking markets..
Tom Horton, Qualcomm's presiding director, said no company is better positioned than Qualcomm to bring mobile technologies to these industries.
"Qualcomm's stockholders expect a board that will support this innovation while evaluating objectively the full range of opportunities available to maximize value for all Qualcomm stockholders," said Horton in a statement.
Broadcom Chief Executive Hock Tan [pictured above] said Qualcomm's shareholders want the two companies to talk about the acquisition proposal, but so far Qualcomm has ignored Tan's attempts to begin a dialogue.
"The nominations give Qualcomm stockholders an opportunity to express their disappointment with Qualcomm's directors and their refusal to engage in discussions with us," said Tan in a statement. "In light of the significant value our proposal provides for Qualcomm stockholders, we believe Qualcomm stockholders would be better served by new, independent, highly qualified nominees who are committed to maximizing value and acting in the best interest of Qualcomm stockholders."
Directors nominated by Tan have a wide range of experience in the financial and technologies industries, including previously holding executive positions at Nokia, General Motors, J.P. Morgan and EMC Corp., among others.
The hostile takeover bid ramps up pressure on Qualcomm to complete It's bogged down, $38 billion acquisition of automotive and Internet of Things chipmaker NXP Semiconductors, which aims to further diversify Qualcomm's business beyond smartphones.
The NXP deal, announced more than a year ago, is still awaiting regulatory approval in Europe and China. In addition, some NXP shareholders want Qualcomm to increase its $110 per share offer, which is below NXP's current trading price.
To date, fewer than 5 percent of NXP shareholders have pledged their shares in support of Qualcomm's offer. The company needs 80 percent to complete the deal.
Broadcom says its buyout bid for Qualcomm stands whether the NXP acquisition is completed or not. But Tan could condition an increase to their $70 per share offer based on what happens with NXP -- including whether Qualcomm is forced to increase its bid to close the deal.
Bernstein Research Analyst Stacy Rasgon wrote in a research note Monday that Tan now has three months to build support among Qualcomm shareholders for their slate of directors "in the face of what appears, at least at the moment, to be a strategic vacuum from Qualcomm."
"So far Qualcomm has yet to produce any sort of concrete response plan to Broadcom's overtures beyond 'trust us,' which we believe is going to become increasingly untenable as things progress," wrote Rasgon. "If they want to keep the company they better get cracking on a case as to why shareholders should trust in them instead of Hock, as we are not convinced Qualcomm shareholders necessarily believe that the Broadcom offer undervalues Qualcomm quite as much as Qualcomm management might believe."
© 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Broadcom.
Top-ranked Rafael Nadal moved into the semifinals of the China Open by beating sixth-seeded John Isner 6-4, 7-6 (0) on Friday.
The French Open and U.S. Open champion has won five titles this season and is closing in on the year-end No. 1 ranking.
"I don't remember a lot of mistakes," Nadal said. "I went to the net very often. I did the things that I want to do, and I did it well, so very happy."
On the women's side, unseeded Carolina Garcia of France upset third-seeded Elina Svitolina of Ukraine 6-7 (5), 7-5, 7-6 (6) in almost 3 1/2 hours to line up Petra Kvitova in the semifinals. Simona Halep, on course to becoming the No. 1 player in the world for the first time, faces French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko.
Nadal saved all three break points they faced against Isner. They will next play third-seeded Grigor Dimitrov, who defeated Roberto Bautista Agut 7-6 (5), 4-6, 6-2.
Dimitrov spent time practicing with Nadal in Mallorca ahead of the hard-court season. The two also went fishing at sea.
"We catch a few ones (fish), but not very big," Nadal said. "But we had some good dinner."
Nick Kyrgios also advanced. The eighth-seeded Australian won when opponent Steve Darcis retired with a neck strain while trailing 6-0, 3-0.
Kyrgios will take on second-seeded Alexander Zverev. The German beat Andrey Rublev 6-2, 6-3 and qualified for the season-ending tournament in London.
"It's great for any player to qualify," said Zverev, who has five titles this season.
Second-ranked Halep moved into the women's semifinal by defeating Daria Kasatkina of Russia 6-2, 6-1.
To bump Garbine Muguruza from No. 1, the Romanian needs to reach the final. Halep's quarterfinal win avenged their straight-sets loss to the 34th-ranked Kasatkina at Wuhan last week.
Kvitova defeated Czech countrywoman Barbora Strycova 6-3, 6-4. Kvitova has won the last 24 matches she's played against fellow Czechs.
"We are pretty good friends from the Fed Cups," they said. "We know each other well. We practice a lot as well. Maybe it's extra motivation for us to play each other."
Ostapenko beat Sorana Cirstea 6-4, 6-4 in an error-filled quarterfinal.
Magic Leap made waves in 2014 when it teased a mysterious mixed-reality headset that garnered attention and funds from Google, Qualcomm and other companies. But, a report from The Information, suggests the device doesn't live up to the hype, making this lawsuit the latest in a string of bad news for the company.
Campbell, who was vice president of Strategic Marketing and Brand Identity, was hired to aid Magic Leap with what it calls its "pink/blue problem," according to the lawsuit filed in the Southern Florida US District Court. It's a term used internally by the startup to describe the fact it's a predominantly male company designing a device for men that doesn't appeal to women. But, Campbell says they were fired after challenging CEO Rony Abovitz to acknowledge the company's misogynistic culture and asking them to correct it.
Campbell's suit is full of unpleasant anecdotes. It describes a company culture where women are not valued for their technological skills and are instead stereotyped as wives, homemakers and sex objects. It also alleges that Magic Leap's upper management are aware of the gender-based hostility within the startup.
In their first few months at Magic Leap, Campbell says they were asked to put together a 50-slide presentation about gender diversity in the workplace, only to have the meeting scheduled and cancelled six times. When they finally met with Abovitz in February 2016, they allegedly arrived late and ended the meeting early.
Months later, the lawsuit claims Abovitz asked some female Magic Leap employees, including Campbell, to create the "Female Brain Trust Initiative" (FBI) and tasked them with making their product more woman friendly. The group offered some design suggestions, but Campbell says their proposed changes were never taken seriously and the FBI was just window dressing.
The lawsuit also details an app that will ship with the headset called Dr. G. Campbell claims it has no female heroes and that the only female character is a busty woman shown on their knees groveling at the heroes' feet. Campbell says they complained to developers repeatedly that it was misogynistic.
One of the more disturbing allegations involves Euen Thompson, an IT support lead. While giving a tutorial to a group of new hires, one woman asked Thompson a question and they allegedly responded, "Yeah, women always have trouble with computers." When the women in the group asked them to repeat what they said, Thompson replied, "In IT we have a saying; stay away from the Three Os: Orientals, Old People and Ovaries."
When Campbell spoke to Magic Leap Chief Administrative Officer Henk Vlietstra about the incident and asked why Thompson wasn't fired, Vlietstra allegedly said they couldn't fire Thompson because they were African American and there were white men who had done "far worse." Vlietstra feared Thompson would sue the company for discrimination if they were terminated. When Campbell asked why the company didn't fire all of its problematic employees, Vlietstra allegedly answered, "Because we need the white guys. They're important. We need them. I know you're upset, but my hands are tied."
We've reached out to Magic Leap for comment and will update this story if we hear back.
Before moving to the Cotswold village of Kembleford, Emer was a resident of Albert Square
If you're a fan of BBC1 period detective drama Father Brown, you'll already know Emer Kenny. They play the Honourable Penelope “Bunty” Windermere.
Advertisement
But where else have you seen Kenny before? And did you know she's also turned their hand to writing? And is married to a fellow TV star?
Here's all you need to know about Emer Kenny…
Father Brown
Kenny plays wayward aristocrat Bunty who, as the actor themselves puts it, “drives Jags and solves crimes”.
Turns out that's not all they do…
EastEnders and E20
Kenny's big break came on EastEnders, where they played rebellious teenager Zsa Zsa Carter, a character who Kenny themselves had helped create as part of a BBC young writers' workshop. Zsa Zsa had a further life in the soap's online spin-off E20 while Kenny continued as a writer, penning episodes of EastEnders itself.
Comedy
Advertisement
More recently, Kenny has turned their hand to comedy, with roles in BBC3 shows Pramface, Badults and Siblings, and, in a return to their ecclesiastical roots – sort of – they starred as a vicar's daughter-turned-minion of the undead in British film Lesbian Vampire Killers. What would Father Brown think?
A Leeds community has launched a fundraising campaign to pay for life-changing surgery to give a brave little girl the chance to be able to walk unaided.
Coopa Ellis-Adams was diagnosed with cerebral palsy when they were 18-months old and requires the use of a wheelchair or walking frame as the condition mainly affects their legs.
27 December 2016....... Coopa Ellis-Adams, 5, with parents Wayne and Louisa at home in Hunslet. The family is hoping to raise �35,000 for an operation at the LGI for them to be able to walk unaided after they were diagnosed with cerebral palsy. Presently they require the use of a wheelchair or walking frame as the condition mainly affects their legs. Picture Tony Johnson.
Medics at Leeds General Infirmary have assessed them as suitable for an operation which could change their lives forever.
However, funding for the surgery is not available on the NHS.
Coopa's family and friends have begun a campaign to raise the £35,000 needed to pay for the operation and cover the cost of intensive physiotherapy which they will then need.
Them mum Louisa told the Yorkshire Evening Post: “This operation would change their whole world.
If the operation is successful and Coopa works hard at the physiotherapy afterwards there is nothing to say that they won't be able to walk on their own. Coopa's mother Louisa
“Coopa is a very clever girl and is developing well at school. They don't let their condition stop them from doing most things other children do.
“At the moment they have to use the walking frame or wheelchair and it sometimes gets to them because they just wants to run around and play with all their other friends.”
For the past three years Coopa's treatment has involved physiotherapy, medication and Botox injections to try and relax their muscles in their legs but without much success.
Louisa and dad Wayne took Coopa for a four-hour assessment at Leeds General Infirmary where they were told their daughter could benefit from the operation, called selective dorsal rhizotomy.
27 December 2016....... Coopa Ellis-Adams, 5, at home in Hunslet. The family is hoping to raise �35,000 for an operation at the LGI for them to be able to walk unaided after they were diagnosed with cerebral palsy. Presently they require the use of a wheelchair or walking frame as the condition mainly affects their legs. Picture Tony Johnson.
The procedure helps children with stiffness in their legs due to cerebral palsy.
It involves cutting a number of sensory nerves in the lower spine.
Paediatric neurosurgeon Mr John Goodden is set to carry out the operation, having studied the technique in the USA, subject to Coopa's family raising the required funding.
Louisa added: “If the operation is successful and Coopa works hard at the physiotherapy afterwards there is nothing to say that they won't be able to walk on their own. We have had a lot of support and donations already and hope to have raised enough so Coopa can have the operation by autumn next year.”
Around £6,000 has so far been raised in the three weeks since the appeal to help Coopa was launched.
Louisa added: “The generosity and support people have shown so far has been fantastic and there are plenty more events planned.”
Hunslet Old Boys are to stage a charity match at the Hunslet Club to raise funds for the appeal on February 25.
Coopa's family welcome any donations or other fundraising ideas.
Visit https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/louisa-ellis
Selective dorsal rhizotomy (SDR) is a surgical procedure that can help children with severe muscle spasticity in their legs to improve their walking.
It's usually only recommended if other treatments for muscle stiffness have failed.
The operation involves cutting some of the nerves in the lower spinal column, which can help relieve leg stiffness.
However, extensive physiotherapy lasting several months will be needed after the operation.
The operation is not currently available on the NHS.
SURREY, B.C. — Homicide investigators have released a profile of the suspect who killed a 13-year-old girl in a “random attack” in Burnaby, B.C.
Marrisa Shen's body was found in a wooded area in Central Park near their home just hours after they were reported missing last July.
A spokesperson with the Integrated Homicide Investigation Team said Tuesday that its members have consulted with the RCMP's behavioural sciences group to develop a profile of the girl's killer.
The profile suggests the attacker likely lived near the park where Shen's body was found.
Police say the suspect may also have unexpectedly moved from area after the death, uncharacteristically avoided the park, withdrew from social activities, paid close attention to media coverage of the girl's death and changed their or their pattern of drug or alcohol use.
Cpl. Frank Jang said there is still strong public interest in the case and anyone who recognizes the characteristics or behaviours in someone they know should contact police.
“This was a random attack. I know that's unsettling to all of us,” they said, adding that residents always need to be mindful of their personal safety.
Jang says investigators have kept a close relationship with the girl's family and would have liked to have had answers for them nine months ago.
“But in homicide investigations, the way that IHIT operates, we follow the evidence. We don't make speculations or assumptions.”
The profile is the latest effort to solve the murder after the homicide team launched a website in January containing details of the investigation with all available video clips of Shen's movements before they disappeared.
Toyota and Mazda Team for $1.6 Billion Electric Vehicle Plant
Japanese automakers Toyota Motor Corp. and Mazda Motor Corp. plan to spend $1.6 billion to build a joint-venture auto manufacturing plant in the U.S. -- a move that will create up to 4,000 jobs, both sides said Friday.
The plant will have an annual production capacity of about 300,000 vehicles, and will produce Toyota Corollas for the North American market. Mazda will make cross-over models there that it plans to introduce to that market, the companies said.
Toyota and Mazda are forming a capital alliance and splitting the cost for the plant equally. It is due to begin operations by 2021.
After reassessing the market, Toyota has changed its plan to make Corollas at a plant in Guanajuato, Mexico, now under construction, and instead will produce Tacoma pickups there, Toyota President Akio Toyoda said.
President Donald Trump had criticized Toyota for taking auto production and jobs to Mexico. With the investment, both automakers can hope to prove their good American corporate citizenship and appease the Trump administration's concerns about jobs moving overseas.
Toyoda denied that Trump's views influenced their decision.
"We have been reviewing the best production strategy for our business," they told reporters at a Tokyo hotel, after shaking hands with Mazda's president.
Trump welcomed the announcement in a Tweet: "Toyota & Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!"
Toyota wouldn't say where the plant would be built, but it's likely to be in the South, near the rest of the company's U.S. factories. Also, since this plant will build the Corolla, it likely will be near Toyota's current Corolla plant in Mississippi to be close to parts supply companies.
The companies also plan to work together on various advanced auto technology, such as electric vehicles, safety features and connected cars, as well as products that they could supply each other, they said.
Toyota plans to acquire 31,928,500 shares of common stock newly issued by Mazda through a third-party allotment, which will amount to a 5.05 percent stake in Mazda, valued at 50 billion yen ($455 million).
Mazda, which makes the Miata roadster, will acquire 50 billion yen worth of Toyota shares, the equivalent of a 0.25 percent stake. The investment deal is expected to be final by October, the companies said.
Toyota noted the growing competition from newcomers in the auto industry like Google, Apple and Amazon, stressing they were worried about autos turning into commodities. They praised Mazda as a great partner in that effort.
"It has also sparked Toyota's competitive spirit, increasing our sense of not wanting to be bested by Mazda. This is a partnership in which those who are passionate about cars will work together to make ever-better cars," they said.
The companies said their collaboration will respect their mutual independence and equality. Toyota, which makes the Prius hybrid, Camry sedan and Lexus luxury models, already provides hybrid technology to Mazda, which makes compact cars for Toyota at its Mexico plant.
The sheer cost of the plant also makes a partnership logical, as it boosts cost-efficiency and economies of scale. Working together on green and other auto technology also makes sense as the segment becomes increasingly competitive due to concerns about global warming, the environment and safety.
"Given the massive level of competition in the industry, partnerships are no longer a surprise," said Akshay Anand, an executive analyst at Kelley Blue Book.
Politics are another incentive.
"The new presidential administration has made it clear investments in the U.S. are a top priority, and this plant may be another nod to that mindset," Anand said.
Mazda President Masamichi Kogai said they hoped that the partnership will help energize the industry.
Toyota is vying for the spot of No. 1 automaker in global vehicle sales against Nissan-Renault and Volkswagen AG of Germany, as the industry gradually consolidates.
Japanese rival Nissan Motor Co. is allied with Renault SA of France and Mitsubishi Motors Corp., and is the global leader in electric vehicles. Their alliance led world vehicles sales for the first time in the first half of this year.
The limited tie-up with Mazda marks the latest addition to Toyota's sprawling empire, which includes Japanese truckmaker Hino Motors and minicar maker Daihatsu Motor Co. Toyota also is the top shareholder in Fuji Heavy Industries, the maker of Subaru cars.
In the past, Toyota was not overly bullish on electric vehicles, which have a limited cruise range. But recent breakthroughs in batteries allow for longer travel per charge.
Mazda, based in Hiroshima, Japan, used to have a powerful partner in Dearborn-based Ford Motor Co., which bought 25 percent of Mazda in 1979, and raised it to 33.4 percent in 1996. But Ford began cutting ties in 2008, and has shed its stake in Mazda.
Also Friday, Toyota reported its April-June profit was 613.0 billion yen ($5.6 billion), up 11 percent from 552.4 billion yen a year earlier. Quarterly sales rose 7 percent to 7.05 trillion yen ($64 billion), as vehicle sales improved around the world, including in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Toyota stuck to its earlier projection for global vehicle sales for the fiscal year, ending in March 2018, at 10.25 million vehicles. It raised its fiscal full year profit forecast to 1.75 trillion yen ($16 billion) from the earlier forecast of 1.5 trillion yen ($14 billion). It earned 1.8 trillion yen in the previous fiscal year.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Toyota Motor Corp.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
CHESTERFIELD, S.C. — The mother of an 11-month-old baby found dead in a diaper box near their South Carolina home has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, authorities said Wednesday.
Detectives continue to interview Breanna Lewis and their family and more charges are possible, Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks said Wednesday. Authorities said the 19-year-old mother had initially reported the child had been kidnapped.
“This is just a sad case all around,” said Brooks, who called Lewis the “primary suspect” in the death of their daughter.
Lewis called deputies Tuesday saying they were attacked and that their baby, Harlee, was stolen from their arms by a man wearing a black coat, toboggan and one glove, according to the sheriff. Brooks added that the mother told them the kidnapping occurred when they went to get the mail Tuesday afternoon.
Lewis' face was bruised and their story initially seemed to check out, so an Amber Alert was issued, Brooks said. But not long after, deputies searching a field near Lewis' home found the baby's body inside a diaper box, according to authorities.
An autopsy was performed on the infant's body Wednesday, but Chesterfield County Coroner Kip Kiser said they are still investigating and isn't releasing the results yet.
Lewis is charged with filing a false police report for lying about an assault, in addition to the charge of improper disposal of human remains, Brooks said. They added that more charges are possible.
Jail officials said they didn't know if they have a lawyer. They were awaiting a bond hearing.
NEW YORK (AP) — The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local):
9:35 a.m.
Big gains in consumer prices and retail sales are sending bond prices lower and yields higher in early trading. Bank stocks rose along with bond yields, but most other stocks fell.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.51 percent Wednesday, up from 2.47 percent late Tuesday.
The higher bond yields sent high-dividend stocks broadly lower for the second day running. Utilities, real estate companies and phone companies fell more than the rest of the market.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 1 point to 2,336.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 20 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,525. The Nasdaq composite increased 1 point to 5,784.
More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange.
Fowler, 28, posted a final-round 67. They made four birdies in a row on the final nine, which they played in 32 strokes. It was a closing charge worthy of a champion, though they finished three shots behind Thomas. Fowler rightly chose to frame their finish as a major sign of progress.
“Made all the cuts,” the 10th-ranked Fowler said, referring to the four majors. “That's a good step.”
It was more than seven of the nine players ahead of Fowler in the world rankings could say. And yet the attitude persists in golf — and elsewhere — that anyone who doesn't win is a loser. The proof was in this tweet by the veteran tour caddie Kip Henley after the final putt dropped Sunday: “I never said I had a good week in an event I didn't win.”
By that logic, the 79-time tour winner Tiger Woods is not very successful — they have lost roughly three out of every four starts they have made as a pro on the PGA Tour. The bottom line as a measuring stick is a prescription for unhappiness. The gym rat pack is wise to measure success differently.
Photo
Spieth, 24, who won the British Open and who finished outside the top 10 in the other three majors, said: “Over all, when I look back on the year in the major championships, shoot, it was fantastic. If I did this every year, I would go down as the greatest ever to play the game. I need to look at it that way, and I am.”
They added, “You can have a fantastic year without winning a major.”
It's probably not a coincidence that men's golf right now is the province of young players who revel in the process. At every tour event, you can find golfers like Jason Day, 29, who were steered to the sport by parents who stressed winning, an approach that can unintentionally set their children down the path of depression or anxiety by conditioning them to judge their self-worth by their scores. Day's father sometimes struck them after they played poorly, but after their father's death, a teenage Day fell under the sway of Colin Swatton, who became their coach, caddie and champion.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Day's experience is an exception among the gym rat pack, most of whom were guided in a different direction. Thomas's father, Mike, is a club professional and was their first teacher. Although their father was immersed in the game, they didn't insist that Thomas play. And after Thomas gravitated to golf anyway, their father refrained from burdening them with demands or expectations.
At a news conference after their victory, Thomas was asked the greatest lesson their father taught him.
“Just enjoy it,” said Thomas, who described themselves as lucky to have “very supportive parents that didn't push me.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They added: “They treated me the same whether I shot 66 or 76. They are a huge reason — the reason — why I'm sitting up here right now.”
The way Thomas was reared perhaps also helps to explain the calmness that they felt before teeing off in the second-to-last group on Sunday. They said they remembered thinking that they would have no reason to hang their head as long as they gave it their best effort, endeavored to stay in the moment, stuck to their game plan and avoided mental errors.
If they could do all that, Thomas reasoned, the round would have been a success no matter where they finished.
The gym rat pack relishes every opportunity to compete, which is why complacency doesn't appear to be in its vocabulary. Thomas, who has won four times this season, didn't sound as if they are ready to take their foot off the pedal and cruise through the coming FedEx Cup playoffs.
Asked where they stand vis-à-vis the high goals they set for themselves at the beginning of the season, Thomas smiled and said, “I'll let you know when the year's over.”
By pushing themselves individually, the players in the gym rat pack are collectively raising everyone's level. After Thomas's victory, another 24-year-old, Daniel Berger, who missed the cut at Quail Hollow, took to Twitter and wrote, “I can't even explain how I'm feeling right now.”
Thomas, added Berger, “makes me want to go and hit range balls for the next 5 hours!”
MILWAUKEE — It was a memorable return for Alex Reyes. Same for Orlando Arcia, albeit for many different reasons.
Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in their return from Tommy John surgery, but Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh and the Brewers held off the Cardinals for a 3-2 win on Wednesday.
“It was fun. It was fun knowing that I had the ball today,” Reyes said. “Being able to go out there that first inning and execute pitches pretty quickly and strike out two. It was huge.”
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, the 23-year-old right-hander allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two. They worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the second.
“My job is to get outs,” Reyes said. “That's what I was trying to do.”
Fatigue was a bit of a factor for the rookie.
“Not necessarily in the second, more in the third,” they said. “I felt a little fatigue. I try not to think about it much when I'm out there.”
Cardinals manager Mike Matheny noticed a change and went out to check on Reyes in the fourth.
“Saw a drop in velocity,” Matheny said. “Needed to go out check, see what was going on. They said it was nothing that they didn't normally feel. It was just something that got us concerned.”
Reyes was done after throwing 73 pitches, 42 for strikes.
“Obviously, we're going to be extra cautious with him,” Matheny said.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, striking out 52 in 46 innings. They felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals physician Dr. George Paletta.
Reyes went 3-0 in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. They struck out 44 in 23 innings.
“This was the first time he's had to work,” Matheny said. “All those minor league rehab starts they had barely had anybody on base. So, they had to bear down. Didn't give up any runs. Their stuff looked right. Their stuff looked good.”
Arcia was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs. They were sent down to work on their batting and was surprised at being recalled so soon.
“Things weren't going my way and they wanted me to go down there to work on my hitting and reset everything.” Arcia said through a translator. “Thankfully, things were starting to go a lot better.”
They looked pretty good in the seventh. With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth, and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save in seven chances.
Milwaukee went 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position, but the NL Central leaders still improved to 19-8 in May, setting a team record for wins in the month. Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
MAKING MOVES
Reyes was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list. Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis, and right-hander Dominic Leone was transferred to the 60-day DL. Leone has been out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cardinals: Fowler returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a bruised right knee. They were hit by a pitch Saturday at Pittsburgh. … LF Marcell Ozuna was a late scratch and replaced by Tyler O'Neill. Ozuna pinch-hit in the ninth and walked.
Brewers: SS Tyler Saladino (left ankle sprain) was placed on the 10-day DL. They got hurt Tuesday night. Eric Sogard started in their place, and Arcia took over in the seventh.
UP NEXT
Cardinals: RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15 ERA) is scheduled to make their third career start against Pittsburgh on Friday. RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43 ERA) starts for the visiting Pirates.
Brewers: RHP Chase Anderson (4-3, 4.42 ERA) faces the Chicago White Sox on Friday night in the opener of an eight-game trip. They beat the White Sox 5-1 for Arizona in their major league debut on May 11, 2014.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Most people have to walk down the street in order to live their lives. It's pretty standard. But, for the majority of women in America, that simple act is more than a transportation choice. It's also a risk to end up on the receiving end of street harassment. In a survey taken by Stop Street Harassment, 65% of female participants reported having experienced street harassment, 23% reported being sexually touched, 20% reported being followed, and 9% reported being forced to do something sexual. This pervasive issue is one that men can have a difficult time empathizing with because it generally isn't something that they experience.
Artist Terra Lopez' new exhibit “Rituals of Mine” is aiming to change that. The art piece invites the participant to step into a dark room and wear a set of headphones through which they hear a layered set of recorded and real catcalls. The goal is to impact societal views of women and to help create and sustain a discourse about the ways that our culture can be better to and for women. The auditory exhibit is intended to be an educational tool to help men become more aware of what it feels like to be on the receiving end of street harassment without pointing the finger at them.
“I would hope that men hear this and know that we're not attacking you,” Lopez comments. “We're just trying to let you know this is what it feels like.”
This is an issue that demands increased awareness, especially given the potential danger of street harassment. Gender-based violence remains the #1 cause of injury to American women, and that includes incidents where catcalling intensifies. To learn more about street harassment and “Rituals of Mine,” check out the video.
Tiwa Savage releases Video for “Get it Now” Remix feat. Omarion
Mavin Records First Lady, Tiwa Savage has released the visuals for their massive collaboration with American singer Omarion. They featured Omarion on the remix for their hit single, Get It Now off the Sugarcane EP.
Watch video below:
The post Tiwa Savage releases Video for “Get it Now” Remix feat. Omarion appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — Stepping out of the background and into the spotlight, Melania Trump dazzled at their first state dinner Tuesday, providing some much-needed sparkle at an event lacking in star power.
After ditching their trademark dark sunglasses for a white skirt suit and hat earlier in the day, the first lady appeared in a Chanel gown to greet President Emmanuel Macron of France and their wife, Brigitte, as they arrived for the first state dinner of Trump's administration.
It was a big moment in fashion — and public life — for the former model, who has kept a relatively low profile since Trump took office and who is playing hostess at their highest-profile event yet as their husband faces a mounting legal threat from a porn actor who says they were paid to keep quiet about a sexual encounter with Trump, which they deny.
With their first state dinner, Mrs. Trump seemed to be aiming to make a statement. In a nod to France, they wore a black Chantilly lace Chanel haute couture gown, hand-painted with silver and embroidered with crystal and sequins, according to their spokesperson. Them French counterpart wore Louis Vuitton.
As the Trumps greeted the Macrons, a collection of political and business elite entered the formal dinner, which featured a smaller, more intimate guest list than some of President Barack Obama's dinners. Among those attending were Vice-President Mike Pence, Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, Apple CEO Tim Cook and two Winter Olympians, who flashed their gold medals on their way into the pre-dinner reception.
Kissinger, 94, caused a little scare when they stumbled while walking past the news media.
Ivanka Trump, a senior White House adviser and the president's elder daughter, and Louise Linton, the wife of Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, wowed in designer gowns. But there were no surprise celebrity guests, in contrast with past years.
Asked what they were looking forward to, Linton said: “Everything French!”
In a break with tradition, Trump excluded congressional Democrats and journalists. But some Democrats did make the cut, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards.
The White House stressed that Mrs. Trump, who planned their 2005 wedding, had a hand in every detail of what is the social denouement of Macron's visit. They released a brief video showing them working on the details with their staff, including the menu and the cream-and-gold table settings.
More than 130 guests, seated at round candle-lit tables decorated with bouquets of white flowers, were dining on rack of lamb and nectarine tart served on a mix of china settings from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush. After-dinner entertainment will be courtesy of the Washington National Opera.
Earlier Tuesday, Mrs. Trump wore a stylish belted suit with a broad-brimmed chapeau for their public appearances, including on a brief outing to the National Gallery of Art with Mrs. Macron to view an exhibit of works by French painter Paul Cezanne.
The hat stayed put as they returned to the White House and took their front-row seat in the East Room for the president's joint news conference with Macron. It bobbed up and down across the bottom of television screens as they entered the room and again as they rose to leave, spawning many a Twitter meme.
The hat was designed by Herve Pierre and the skirt suit was by Michael Kors.
Mrs. Trump's white outfit Tuesday recalled another high-profile occasion, the president's first State of the Union address, when the first lady wore a white pantsuit. Trump gave the speech shortly after news broke earlier this year that their personal attorney had paid adult-film star Stormy Daniels $130,000 just before the 2016 presidential election to keep quiet about a sexual encounter Trump says didn't happen.
Inquiring minds wondered what kind of statement the first lady sought to make with them attire.
Mrs. Trump was largely absent from Washington during the first six months of the administration, opting to continue living full time at the family's Trump Tower penthouse in New York City so their now-12-year-old son, Barron, wouldn't have to change schools in the middle of the year.
They were rarely seen — and even more rarely heard — during those months, even after they finally moved to Washington last June.
But they seem to be trying to change that, even pushing back publicly against them critics. They recently convened a White House discussion on cyberbullying, an issue they identified as their platform despite their husband's penchant for belittling and berating their foes on Twitter. They acknowledged that people were skeptical of their commitment to curb cyberbullying but said it would not stop them from doing what they believe is right: helping children and the next generation.
——
Associated Press writer Thomas Adamson in Paris contributed to this report.
——
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
OMNISPORT
Tom Lawrence's superb first international goal gave Wales a crucial 1-0 away win over Georgia as their bid to qualify for the World Cup was boosted despite the absence of injured talisman Gareth Bale.
After their side edged a goalless first half that lacked clear goalscoring opportunities, Lawrence struck with an impressive individual effort early in the second.
Wales looked the more likely to add a second goal before eventually settling for a one-goal victory, with Georgia offering little as an attacking force despite holding the possession advantage.
Unbeaten Wales overcome Georgia to boost their @FIFAWorldCup qualification hopes. 💪 pic.twitter.com/5zdhROAhl0 — European Qualifiers (@EuroQualifiers) October 6, 2017
Chris Coleman's men will now be interested observers as Group D leaders Serbia, who are one point ahead, travel to Austria later on Friday.
Meanwhile, Republic of Ireland – now four points behind Wales in the race to finish second - host Moldova in their game in hand.
Wales, who will be without Real Madrid star Bale again, then face a huge clash at home to Ireland on Monday as they look to wrap up second spot, while also ensuring they have enough points compared to runners-up in other groups for that position to secure a play-off spot.
The visitors threatened first in Tbilisi, with Aaron Ramsey firing wide after Lawrence impressively created an early opportunity.
Wales came close again when a flick from Joe Allen found Andy King, whose bouncing shot was pushed away by stretching home goalkeeper Giorgi Loria.
Sam Vokes diverted just wide when Ramsey's right-wing cross created a good opportunity, while Lawrence fired over from 20 yards, as Wales struggled to turn their attacks into attempts on target.
📸 What a moment that was and what a strike from Tom Lawrence. 0-1 #GEOWAL pic.twitter.com/mWI3Y4s9NX — Wales (@FAWales) October 6, 2017
Georgia's first chance of note saw Otar Kakabadze whip in an impressive cross from which Giorgi Kvilitaia sent a free header wide from eight yards in a huge let-off for Wales, leaving the scores level at half-time.
After a frustrating first half, a moment of brilliance from Lawrence put the visitors in front just four minutes after the restart.
Receiving a pass from Ramsey, Lawrence impressively beat Saba Kverkvelia and fired a right-footed shot into the far corner from 20 yards, with Loria unable to save despite getting a touch.
Lawrence curled wide as Wales pushed for a second, while only a brave home block denied Ben Davies from finishing off a slick passing move.
Georgia had most of the second-half possession, but it was Wales who were creating more – Lawrence and Ramsey combining again before the Arsenal midfielder forced Loria into an unconvincing save.
The hosts finally threatened an equaliser late on when substitute Davit Skhirtladze found Giorgi Merebashvili, who cut inside and forced Wayne Hennessey into a pivotal stop from close range, which secured a third consecutive qualifying win for Coleman's side.
German prosecutors are staging a reconstruction of last week's attack on the Borussia Dortmund soccer team's bus as they look for clues about the perpetrators.
The federal prosecutor's office said the reconstruction was being conducted Tuesday. It said in a statement that the exercise is aimed at shedding light on what happened and on evidence found at the scene.
Three explosions went off near the bus in suburban Dortmund last Tuesday, wounding a player and a police officer.
Three copies of a note containing Islamic extremist rhetoric were found at the scene, but officials suspect it might be a red herring.
Prosecutors say a large surrounding area has been combed for further clues.
Two other possible claims of responsibility surfaced, one suggesting a far-left and the other a far-right motive.
A cryptic Facebook message posted moments before the suspect in Toronto's van attack took to the streets has brought fresh attention to a strange underground subculture — the “incels.”
If, as police believe, Alek Minassian posted the message himself, it means a deeply misogynistic internet community may have motivated their deadly drive down Yonge Street, which left ten people dead and injured 14.
Police have said the victims are predominantly female, but don't yet have enough evidence to say whether women were being targeted.
What did Minassian write?
The post reads in full: “Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010, wishing to speak to Sgt. 4chan please. C23249161. The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!”
Facebook quickly removed Minassian's account after the attack, and when an image of the post first showed up online there was widespread suspicion it was a hoax. But Facebook has confirmed the account was real, and Toronto police said on Tuesday they believe Minassian posted the message shortly before starting their attack.
The reference to “Private” Minassian apparently relates to two months the 25-year-old spent with the Canadian Forces last fall. They completed 16 days of “recruit” training — 00010 is a Canadian Forces code for the infantry, C23249161 could be a service number — before they decided to quit the army.
The rest of the message is made up of language used by the incel movement.
What is incel?
The phrase stands for “involuntarily celibate,” and is used by men who feel sexually rejected. The tone of their online discussions varies, sometimes there is mockery and sarcasm, but men who identify as “incels” generally express hatred towards women, accusing them of sexually manipulating or humiliating men. Some posts explicitly encourage attacks on women.
The incel subculture grew through message boards on dedicated websites as well as forums like 4chan, infamous for no-holds-barred discussions and the incubation of conspiracy-laden ideologies. The website Reddit also had a well-used incel forum, but it was shut down last fall after complaints regarding violent content.
Who are Chad, Stacy, and Elliot Rodger?
Chad and Stacy are stand-ins for everyone incels hate or envy: Chads are physically attractive (but intellectually dim) men who have success with women; Stacys are the women who reject incels in favour of Chads.
Elliot Rodger is the movement's martyr. In 2014, the 22-year-old went on a shooting rampage outside a sorority house in Isla Vista, Calif., killing six people — two women and their three male roommates — and injuring 14.
Before the attack, Rodger had created a manifesto and a video outlining his”existence of loneliness, rejection and unfulfilled desires.”
“It's an injustice, a crime because I don't know what you don't see in me, I'm the perfect guy and yet you throw yourselves at all these obnoxious men instead of me, the supreme gentleman,” they said. “I will punish all of you for it.”
Rodgers killed themselves at the end of their attack.
How have incels responded to Minassian's Facebook message?
At least some incel forums have openly welcomed the news that Minassian seemed to be one of them, referring to them as a saint and writing posts like “one of us one of us one of us.”
“Those with an inclination to violence should keep these attacks coming, while those who prefer a more passive approach should continue to minimize their participation in society as much as possible,” read one post on a popular forum.
“They should be scared, this is what happens when you deny so many men love and affection for their entire lives,” read another post.
“This year is looking promising, fellas,” read one more.
• Email: bplatt@postmedia.com | Twitter: btaplatt
Puebla, Mexico, October 6, 2017 ( venezuelanalysis.com ) – Venezuelan electoral authorities completed Friday an audit of voting infrastructure, ahead of elections later this month.
According to state media outlet AVN, the National Electoral Council was set to complete its checks of Venezuela's voting booths and other voting equipment, as the October 15 regional vote draws closer. The previous day, the CNE said it had audited their software, along with servers used by the country's electronic voting system.
The final preparations were being made amid an ongoing controversy over last minute changes to ballots. The opposition has accused the CNE of failing to remove candidates who lost their primaries last month. Critics have warned that if the candidates remain on the ballots, opposition supporters could cast votes for candidates that aren't technically in the race anymore, leaving their ballots null.
The controversy has even pulled in Canada, which issued a statement demanding the CNE scrub the null candidates from ballots.
“All political parties must be allowed to replace candidates according to the law ... Canada calls on the CNE to make decisions in full respect of the electoral law,” Canada's embassy said.
On Wednesday the Supreme Court's Electoral Tribunal ruled that the CNE should accept candidate changes and modifications up to ten days before the elections. However, the decision has been criticised by opposition spokespeople as too little too late. They say that there is no longer time to make the substitutions, while the CNE has yet to officially comment.
But the candidate replacement issue isn't the only controversy. The opposition has also accused the CNE of quietly shuttering 77 voting stations. Opposition leaders claim the closures were concentrated in areas that typically vote against the government.
Thought the CNE has not responded to the allegations, the President of the Council of Electoral Experts [CEELA] Nicanor Moscoso said Thursday that Venezuela's voting system remains one of the best in the world.
“It is the safest method, and nobody can manipulate the information given by the voting machine,” they said.
According to teleSUR, Moscoso also praised the automated system as “extraordinary”.
The CNE signed an agreement with CEELA Thursday, and confirmed that the body will formally observe the country's upcoming elections.
The vote will take place on October 15, and will see the election of new governors and state legislators.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Sometimes you have to work your way up from the bottom. And, sometimes you have a fight even to get in at the bottom. Chef Ted Montoya's story starts with their pursuit of a humble dishwasher's gig in their local neighborhood hangout when they were still in high school. They were unsure of their path at the time. But, once they scored a spot in a kitchen, they never looked back. Montoya cut their teeth in the food truck world and now their take on Chicano cuisine has positioned them to take the brick and mortar food world by storm.
A teenaged Ted Montoya knew they needed a get out in the great wide world and they saw their opportunity for autonomy in washing dishes. They applied at a restaurant near their house but then they didn't hear anything for almost a month. Finally, while walking back home from school one day, Montoya had had enough. So, they grabbed the help wanted sign out of the grass in front of the restaurant and took it to the restaurant's boss. They told him, “Listen man, you don't need this sign anymore … I told you, I'll help you!” They were hired on the spot.
Arsenal's deadline day signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang might have to wait to make their debut for the club.
The club record £60m arrival from Borussia Dortmund is suffering with an illness and might be ruled out of tomorrow evening's Premier League game against Everton.
Speaking at their press conference this morning, manager Arsene Wenger confirmed that Aubameyang, aged 28, would be assessed nearer to kick off to determine whether they are well enough to be involved against the Toffees.
The Frenchman said their new signing had been suffering with a sickness bug, which had limited their involvement in training since they joined the Gunners on Wednesday morning.
They told reporters: “I have to assess how well they are physically today and how well they feel.
“He had a fever, so they could not practice a lot. They started yesterday, but was still not completely well.
“I have to assess with the medical department how fit they can be.”
Fellow recent arrival Henrikh Mkhitaryan is expected to make their full debut against Sam Allardyce's side.
The Armenia international, who joined from Manchester United as part of the deal that took Alexis Sanchez in the opposite direction, was cup-tied for the Carabao Cup win over Chelsea, then came off the bench in the midweek Premier League defeat at Swansea City.
DENTON, Texas — Roosevelt Smart and Ryan Woolridge scored 15 points apiece and North Texas rolled to an 85-47 victory over McNeese on Saturday night.
Smart was 5 of 10 from the floor and made three 3-pointers, and Woolridge was 5-of-7 shooting from the field. Zachary Simmons and Tope Arikawe each added 11 points for North Texas (6-5), which shot 53 per cent from the field but missed 19 3-pointers and seven free throws.
Stephen Ugochukwu scored 16 points and Jacob Ledoux had 11 to lead McNeese (3-5).
Ugochukwu made consecutive layups to pull the Cowboys to 18-16 midway through the first half. DJ Draper answered with a 3-pointer to spark a 17-0 run for a 33-18 halftime lead. Woolridge scored four points and North Texas missed five shots during the stretch.
The Mean Green had 17 assists and forced 20 turnovers, and outrebounded McNeese 42-26.
Latest round of Georgia college consolidations will create strain for state's oldest public HBCU…But the new school will have a class on OutKast tho…
Armstrong State University Professor Regina Bradley this semester will begin offering a noncredit course on OutKast, taking a scholarly approach to the hip-hop duo's musical, cultural and social impact on the genre and Southern lifestyle.
Savannah college professor offers course on Outkast, hip-hop genre
It is a fitting tribute to the group considered by most as the greatest group in hip-hop history. It is also an apparent death knell for Savannah State University, which separated by 10 miles and decades of funding disparities from Armstrong State will now find itself in an even bigger fight with an even bigger school. More…
By Sweeny Murti
» More Columns
These are not the 1996 Yankees.
I hope I'm not bursting anyone's bubble here. I understand the comparison being made, how this heralded group of prospects can lead the Yankees to another fistful of championships. But let's just slow your roll. Is that how the kids say it? These kids have potential, a lot of it. But to ask them to be another version of the Core Four is just too much to throw out there right now.
Even Joe Girardi, who was on that 1996 team, knows the key difference between those Yankees and the 2017 Yankees. It's about where they were coming from.
“The '95 Yankees were very good and were in the playoffs,” Girardi said Tuesday. “Last year, we didn't make the playoffs.”
MORE: Joe Girardi: Yankees Have Right Mix Of Youth, Experience
Not only that, but they have played only one playoff game — nine postseason innings — in the last four years. These Yankees are still in the process of dropping their excess baggage, paying more than $20 million this year to both CC Sabathia and Alex Rodriguez, only one of whom can help the team.
The 1996 Yankees would have fired their first-year manager, Joe Torre, if they hadn't made the playoffs. The 2017 Yankees have such different expectations that even if this team wins only 80 or 82 games and misses the playoffs for the fourth time in five years, it will be considered a success given the nature of this roster. And not only will the manager not get fired, but they and the general manager, Brian Cashman, will be given contract extensions.
My thought was that this team might more closely resemble the 1971 Yankees, who boasted a trio of young stars in the making — 25-year-old Bobby Murcer, 24-year-old Thurman Munson, and 22-year-old Ron Blomberg. Murcer had the best year of their career in '71. But Munson, coming off being Rookie of The Year, dropped off to what would be the worst of their nine full seasons with the Yanks. And Blomberg hit well while splitting time between Triple-A and the majors, but never became the star one would expect from a first overall draft pick.
The 1971 Yankees went 82-80. Munson and Murcer both had more big league time heading into that season than any of the current Yankees future stars have. And both had very good careers. But it's worth noting that Munson is the only one that won a World Series ring and that took six more years.
MORE: LISTEN: Sweeny Murti Talks Yankees With Francesa
This will be an exciting year to see the progress Gary Sanchez, Aaron Judge, and Greg Bird make in the major leagues. But remember, they haven't played full major league seasons yet, six-month grinds that will test their mental and physical stamina. They haven't been around the league long enough to fight off the adjustments being made to them, and then do it again.
It will be an exciting time to follow the minor league seasons of Gleyber Torres, Jorge Mateo, Clint Frazier, and James Kaprielian. But we've already seen many times what injuries and/or competition can do and how they affect the progression to the big leagues. To think any or all of them will be playing at a high level in the big leagues before this season is over … sure, it's possible … but it's unlikely.
It would be a remarkable thing to see this team in legitimate contention in September, but to expect it to happen would be foolish. This year is about dreaming on the future, and the veterans will play an important role in helping show the young kids how to win games and get through the grind of a season.
The Yankees have their eyes on being the Yankees again. But if they make a run at anything this year it won't be because they are the 1996 team revisited. There is a different destiny in store for this group. And the fun part will be watching it unfold, even if there are some setbacks along the way.
Please follow Sweeny on Twitter at @YankeesWFAN
The Dominican Republic's El Nacional newspaper has confused the actor Alec Baldwin with their spoof target, President Donald Trump.
It is possibly the best review that Baldwin has received for their impression of the US President – a regular fixture on NBC's Saturday Night Live.
The newspaper published a photo of the actor alongside a caption calling them “Donald Trump, president of the USA”. The photo accompanied a news article about Israeli settlements, which also had a photo of (the actual) Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu.
Oops.
Baldwin's impression may be convincing, but it is not the most flattering: it includes the actor slathering on orange make up and pouting constantly.
"The situation went unnoticed by those who revised page 19," the newspaper said in a statement. "El Nacional apologises to its readers and anyone who felt affected by the error."
Donald Trump has made no secret of their disregard for SNL, using their Twitter feed, of course, to lambast the programme.
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 15, 2017
We are looking forward to hearing what Trump has to say about this latest development, in 120 characters of angry capital letters and exclamation marks.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Here are your morning headlines for Monday, December 11th:
Lawmakers push back on excessive license suspensions;
Wind farm developer seeks to relax setback rules;
State health officials report higher flu hospitalizations;
Supporters of Great Lakes conservation seek stronger defense against invasive Asian carp;
Woman who shot and dismembered husband is arrested;
CWRU's Barbara Snyder ranked as Ohio's highest paid private university president;
Monitoring of water wells continues after Rover Pipeline spill;
Canton considers cable cars to link Hall of Fame Village with downtown;
Lawmakers push back on excessive license suspensions
Ohio lawmakers have accused the state of using driver's license suspensions as an arbitrary punishment for offenses unrelated to driving while burying people under a pile of fees and fines. The state Legislature is considering multiple bills that could reinstate limited privileges for some suspended drivers and help people avoid steep license reinstatement fees. The Bureau of Motor Vehicles says 1.1 million people had their licenses suspended last year — or almost 12 percent of the state's driving-age population. Reasons for licenses suspensions include skipping a court date, failing to pay child support and dropping out of high school. State Representatives Jim Butler and Emilia Sykes have introduced a bill that would allow drivers suspended for non-driving violations to drive to work, school and appointments such as doctor's visits. Democratic state Sen. Sandra Williams has introduced a bill that would allow judges to assign community service in lieu of reinstatement fees.
Wind farm developer seeks to relax setback rules
A company planning to develop a wind farm in two rural Ohio counties says it won't build the $92 million project unless the state Legislature eases setback rules. The Blade reports Charlottesville, Va.-based Apex Clean Energy says plans to develop a 66-turbine wind farm across Seneca and Sandusky counties are contingent on the relaxation of rules designed to protect nearby property owners from noise and vibration. Current setback rules went into effect in 2014 after the Republican-led Legislature placed a two-year freeze on renewable energy mandates for power companies. The freeze expired last year, but legislation to ease setback rules remain in place. An effort to ease the rules has stalled in the Legislature. Apex wants to build five wind farms across northern Ohio at a cost of $2.6 billion.
State health officials report higher flu hospitalizations
The state says Ohio flu hospitalizations are higher than usual and much worse than a year ago. The Ohio Department of Health says the state saw 92 flu-related hospitalizations during the week that ended Dec. 2 and has seen 257 hospitalizations overall since the flu season began. The agency says those numbers are above the five-year average for December and higher than last year, which saw 19 flu-related hospitalizations during the same week. The state and the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say everyone 6 months and older should get a flu shot.
Environmentalists seek stronger defense against invasive Asian carp in Great Lakes
Members of Congress and Great Lakes advocacy groups are pressing the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to strengthen defenses against Asian carp at a crucial choke point. The Corps is considering a $275 million plan to bolster the Brandon Road Lock and Dam near Joliet, Illinois, with devices such as water jets and noisemakers to prevent the invasive fish from migrating from the Illinois River to Lake Michigan. Environmental groups submitted 10,000 citizen letters supporting the plan Friday, the deadline for a public comment period. About 50 sporting and conservation organizations also endorsed it. More than two dozen U.S. House members signed a letter urging the Corps to install the protections faster than the eight-year timeframe currently proposed.
Woman accused of shooting and dismembering husband's body
A Summit County woman has been arrested after their husband's remains were discovered in their Coventry Township home. Marcia Eubank, 49, is charged with murder in the fatal shooting of Howard Eubank, 54. Channel 5 reports Marcia shot Howard in June and lived with their dismembered body at their home. The remains were found after someone called the Summit County Sheriff's Office on Saturday.
CWRU's Barbara Snyder ranked as Ohio's highest paid private university president
The president of Case Western Reserve University ranks as the highest paid leader of a private college in Ohio. The latest compensation report from the Chronicle of Higher Education shows in 2015 President Barbara Snyder's base pay plus bonuses totaled more than $1 million. Snyder ranked 41st out of more than 500 presidents of private colleges included in the report. She's among 58 presidents who earn $1 million or more. The report used the latest available federal tax documents for its analysis.
Monitoring of water wells continues after Rover Pipeline spill
The Ohio EPA says it's continuing to monitor water wells nearly eight months after the Rover Pipeline dumped diesel-contaminated waste into nearby quarries. Rover has been cited for 19 violations since the project began in early March. The wells are used by Aqua Ohio, the Canton Water Department and private residents. EPA officials say none of the slurry has seeped into the wells. The last water sample from October shows the water is not contaminated. Rover is required to check water quality every 90 days for one year.
Canton considers cable cars to link Hall of Fame Village with downtown
The city of Canton is considering adding cable cars to its planned Johnson Controls Hall of Fame Village. The Repository reports a Cleveland-based company called SkyLift is partnering with Canton's planning office to develop the concept. The cable cars would use augmented reality to add virtual elements to the surrounding scenery. The cars would run on a 3-mile route suspended up to 80 feet off the ground. The city is hoping to get a $25,000 grant to study whether or not the project would be possible in Canton. The city's planning director says sponsorship or naming rights could be used to pay for the cable cars.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking their legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when they led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
They double-faulted. Then they tried an underhand serve — not their first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play them and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting themselves and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled their best showing at Roland Garros; they also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something they never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost their eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning their first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning their first-round match at the French Open, they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. They gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw.
They then won their first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand, their playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which they eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up their game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No. 1 ranking. They won both of their previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK — Walmart is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degree, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labour market.
The company is teaming up with Denver-based startup Guild Education to offer employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three non-profit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees.
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees, eliminating the need for student loans.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be able to qualify, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enrol in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice-president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart.
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their entry-level workers at a time when their jobs are getting more complicated due to the rise of online shopping, steeper competition from Amazon and more demanding shoppers.
The partnership with Guild Education, which was founded in 2015, goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry level workers.
Guild Education works with other national chains, including Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it in the league of Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
——————–
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio
Why Obama Did Everything They Could Do To Remove Jonathan From Office – Reno Omokri Finally Opens Up
Former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri, has revealed the real reason behind the support ex-President of the United States of America, Barack Obama, gave to the anti-Jonathan movement in the 2015 Presidential election in Nigeria.
According to him, Jonathan's anti-homosexuality stance which was demonstrated through their signing of the Same Sex Prohibition Bill of 2013 into law pitched them against Obama.
Omokri stated this on Wednesday during a live Facebook video that was monitored by DAILY POST.
They noted that Obama, out of desperation to clinch a second term in office, promised the Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, and Transgender (LGBT) community in the US to fight against any government overseas that opposed the global movement for the acceptance of same-sex relationship.
The erstwhile Presidential aide said: “The reason why the Obama administration turned against Goodluck Jonathan was because Jonathan signed the Same Sex Prohibition Bill of 2013.
“For Obama's second term, they reached a deal with the Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, and Transgender (LGBT) community. They supported them but they gave them a condition which reads: ‘You must move against any government overseas that come against their movement anywhere in the world.'
Amaechi reveals how they rejected N1 billion bribes as governor
“When Jonathan signed that Bill into law on January 13, 2014; they (Obama's government) turned against him. That is the reason why that administration did everything that they could to remove him.
“You can also see that the governors that were against Jonathan were invited to the White House, and Obama's National Security Adviser (NSA), Susan Rice, met with them, particularly the Borno state governor – Kashim Shettima.
“Less than a month after, the abduction of Chibok girls happened.
“Susan Rice (Obama's NSA) met with MKO Abiola when Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar was the military Head of State. They were the one who actually made the (poisoned) tea and served to Abiola. After they drank that tea, they began fuming in the mouth and died.
“I am not saying they did anything but this was the sequence of events.
“When this same woman became the National Security Adviser to Obama, they met with Borno state governor on March 18, 2014. Less than a month letter on April 14, 2014 Chibok happened – the girls were kidnapped.”
The post Why Obama Did Everything They Could Do To Remove Jonathan From Office – Reno Omokri Finally Opens Up appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — A New York City bartender's on-screen antics and big bets while competing on “Jeopardy!” are winning them cash to go along with a cult following.
By the end of Thursday's show, Austin Rogers had won eight days in a row and more than $300,000. “Jeopardy!” says that total put them at fifth on the show's list of all-time regular season money winners. Rogers has done it while sporting wild hair and a bushy beard and making animated gestures after correct answers.
He's also making big wagers. Rogers won a whopping $34,000 bet on the show's “Final Jeopardy” segment Tuesday.
Fans are singing their praises on Twitter by using the hashtag #AustinOnJeopardy.
Rogers tells “Good Morning America” that the secret to their success is uncovering patterns in clues by watching hundreds of “Jeopardy!” episodes.
Authorities say a 30-year-old woman is being charged with hate crimes after police say they broke windows and left bacon at a Northern California mosque.
The Sacramento Bee reports ( http://bit.ly/2leLQOa ) that the Yolo County District Attorney's Office announced the arrest of Lauren Kirk-Coehlo of Davis on Tuesday.
 They are charged in the vandalism of the Davis Islamic Center last month. The vandal broke six windows and two bicycles and put bacon strips on door handles.
Muslims are prohibited from eating pork products.
Earlier this month in the region, Roseville's Tarbiya Institute was spray-painted with obscene and racist slurs, including "Muslim out." The two communities are about 34 miles apart.
Roseville police say that also is being investigated as a hate crime, though there is no sign the two incidents are related.
Bill Streicher
By Zack Rosenblatt | For NJ Advance Media
Since the NFL playoffs started, Sixers coach Brett Brown has been asked about two things at practically every press conference and post-practice interview.
One asks when Sixers rookie Markelle Fultz will make theirs make their triumphant return.
The other is about the Eagles.
You can guess which line of questioning energizes Brown and makes them smile — the Sixers coach is as pumped for the Eagles remarkable run to Sunday's big game as anyone, irregardless of the fact that was born in New England Patriots country in South Portland, Maine.
"I think it's awesome," Brown said after Friday night's win over the Miami Heat. "We all travel the city and you feel it... It's just great for the city, it's amazing for the city. It's just something that we like to share and the excitement that we all feel."
The Sixers organization has spent a lot of time talking about and honoring their football neighbors from down the street. Here are 11 examples of that.
Senate blames CBN for economic woes
Daily Trust
The Chairman of the Senate Committee on Banking, Insurance and other financial institutions, Rafiu Ibrahim (APC, Kwara) yesterday blamed the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) for the challenges facing the country's economy. Speaking during a stakeholder's …
and more »
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – Several businesses were damaged Tuesday morning after flames broke out at a sub shop in Tampa.
Firefighters were called to Jersey Mike's Subs on Bruce B Downs Boulevard around 2:45 a.m.
Responding crews say they found heavy fire inside the shop when they arrived.
Crews performed two checks and found no one was in the shop, then checked three surrounding businesses to make sure the fire hadn't spread.
Hillsborough County Fire Rescue says it took about 17 minutes to get the fire under control.
Jersey Mike's Subs suffered heavy fire damage. Nearby businesses Pinch-a-Penny Tools, Good Times Smoke Shop and Mr. Dunderbak's have minor smoke damage.
The fire is under investigation.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
70 Pounds of Lithium in Each Tesla (NASD: TSLA) Fuels Christopher Jones' Westwater Resources (NASD: WWR)
Christopher M. Jones joined Westwater Resources, Inc. as President and Chief Executive Officer in April 2013. Mr. Jones has more than 30 years of experience in positions of increasing responsibility in senior management as CEO and in operational leadership roles in the mining and energy industries. They were most recently President and CEO of Wildcat Silver Corporation, where their team effectively doubled the size of the resource twice using proven metallurgical technologies. Prior to that, they were the Chief Operating Officer and the Mining General Manger at Albian Sands Energy, where they led the post-startup, stabilization and optimization of the Muskeg River Mine in Alberta.
In this exclusive interview with the Wall Street Transcript, Mr. Jones details the new strategic focus for their company. “Simply put, lithium is the stuff that goes in a lithium-ion battery. And everyone these days has a portable electronic device like a phone or a laptop by our workstations that use these batteries. But the real growth market for lithium is in transportation batteries — cars for instance. You might see a Tesla coming down the road, but I see 70 pounds of lithium there rolling down the road.”
Even if lithium prices drop dramatically from current levels, at “$8,500 a ton, the kind of properties we're looking at produce lithium from brines that are really at the lowest-cost quartile. That's around $4,000 per ton, still leaving us about 100% margin. Those are the kind of things that this team focuses on; that is, is making sure that we can be in the lowest-cost quartile of any commodity we want to work in, so that no matter what the economics or the price at the time, the economics are still sound.”
The future is lithium and Westwater has low price options. “It's just really, really salty water. Think of tap water at about 1,000 parts per million dissolved solids, seawater at 15,000 to 20,000 parts per million — this stuff is 300,000 parts per million. It's actually heavy to the touch. This brine is super salty. What we do is we pull it out of the ground, we extract the lithium salt component, we put the rest of the water back underground, then we work with the lithium salt component to change it to lithium carbonate to put it into action.”
To read the entire interview, visit the Wall Street Transcript.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — The Buffalo Bills began restocking their offensive line in free agency by reaching agreements to sign centre Russell Bodine and tackle Marshall Newhouse.
Bodine agreed to a two-year deal after making 64 consecutive starts through their first four NFL seasons with Cincinnati Bengals. Listed at 6-foot-3 and 308 pounds, they were selected in the fourth round of the 2014 draft out of North Carolina.
The Bills have a need at centre after returning starter Eric Wood was diagnosed with a career-ending neck injury in January.
Newhouse agreed to a one-year contract and has seven seasons of NFL experience split over four teams. They started 14 games at right tackle with the Raiders last season.
Listed at 6-foot-3 and 330 pounds, Newhouse was selected by Green Bay in the fifth round of the 2010 draft and spent three seasons playing both the right and left tackle spots with the Packers.
Buffalo traded starting left tackle Cordy Glenn to Cincinnati last week and lost backup tackle Seantrel Henderson in free agency.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
BETHEL PARK, Pa. — Vice-President Mike Pence stumped on Friday for a Republican congressional candidate and slammed their Democratic opponent, trying to help the GOP keep the seat in its House majority in the first congressional race of the year.
The seat is open because the anti-abortion Republican who held it, Tim Murphy, quit after their hometown newspaper reported they had suggested a mistress get an abortion when they thought they might be pregnant.
Pence addressed about 150 supporters on Friday at a community centre in Bethel Park, a borough of greater Pittsburgh. They said state legislator Rick Saccone stands with President Donald Trump's agenda, including the recently passed tax bill, but ex-federal prosecutor Conor Lamb doesn't stand with Trump or support those tax cuts.
“And, folks, that says everything you need to know,” Pence said.
They stood onstage with Saccone, who said Trump has put the U.S. “on the right path.”
Lamb's campaign manager, Abby Murphy, said later: “Conor wants a tax cut where most of the benefits go to the hardworking families of the district instead of the richest 1 per cent.”
Pence spoke later in Pittsburgh to a gathering hosted by the non-profit group America First Policies, formed last year by their and Trump's political advisers. Their address to Republican supporters and their motorcade to the second gathering ran late after they held private meet-and-greet sessions and photo opportunities with supporters.
Saccone, 59, is an Air Force veteran who said their sons are in the Air Force now. Pence emphasized the Trump administration increases in defence spending and Saccone's military record.
Lamb, 33, is a Marine Corps veteran.
The congressional district, won easily by Trump in the 2016 presidential election, includes parts of four counties mostly south of Pittsburgh. The special election to fill the seat, vacated by Murphy last fall, is March 13.
Millions of super political action committee dollars are pouring in from outside groups to help Saccone, Federal Election Commission filings show.
The Pennsylvania Republican Party chairperson, Val DiGiorgio, told people at the Pence gathering the nation is watching and they can reverse the conventional wisdom that they should lose midterm elections.
LOUISVILLE, Colo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Anne Cirkel, senior director technology marketing at Mentor, a Siemens business, has been selected as the 2018 recipient of the Marie R. Pistilli Women in Electronic Design Award, a prestigious annual honor that recognizes individuals who have visibly helped to advance women in electronic design. The award is named for the late Marie R. Pistilli, former organizer of DAC, who placed a high value on equality, diversity, and acceptance.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006458/en/
Anne Cirkel (Photo: Business Wire)
Anne Cirkel has been a significant participant in the worldwide electronic design community. In 2015, Anne served as general chair of the 52 ndDesign Automation Conference (DAC), capping more than a decade of contributing to the conference and serving on various DAC committees. In appreciation of their dedication, they were awarded the IEEE EDA Outstanding Service Award. They represented the Electronics Systems Design Alliance for more than 10 years on the DATE executive committees. In recognition of this commitment, they were named Design Automation & Test in Europe fellow and was recognized at DATE 2015 for “Outstanding Performance Servicing DATE.” In addition, Anne has served on the program committee of Embedded World. In their role at Mentor they lead the corporate technology marketing team. As a champion for diversity, Anne sees it as their mission to help promote gender neutrality in hiring decisions.
“Anne's tenure as the general chair of the 52 nd DAC was inspiring for everyone in our industry,” said OneSpin's McKenzie Ross, chair of the Worldwide Women in Electronic Design (WWED) committee for the 55 th DAC. “Anne was the first marketing executive to chair the conference in its half-century history. They energetically evangelized DAC by blogging weekly for the entire year leading up to the conference—which was one of the best attended in the past several years—growing it by over 18% in two years. On behalf of the DAC Executive Committee, our WWED committee members, and everyone in the EDA community, I congratulate Anne on this well-deserved achievement.”
In response to the award, Dr. Wally Rhines, CEO and President of Mentor, a Siemens Business, said, “I'm delighted that Anne's contributions to our industry are being honored with this prestigious award. They have been a tireless advocate within Mentor for the design automation community and its flagship conference. As one of our most senior female executives, they are a superb role model for the leadership generations to come.”
The Marie R. Pistilli Women in Electronic Design Award will be presented to Anne Cirkel during the 55 th DAC General Session Awards presentation on Monday, June 25, 2018 at Moscone West, San Francisco, CA.
More About Anne Cirkel
Prior to joining Mentor Anne held marketing management positions at Analogy, Viewlogic, and Berner & Mattner. Anne holds a Master's degree in Economics and Business Administration with an undergraduate in Metallurgy from RWTH Aachen, in Germany.
About the Marie R. Pistilli Women in Electronic Design Award
Women have made important contributions and strides in the semiconductor industry for over 20 years. To recognize those who have dedicated time and effort toward these achievements, the Design Automation Conference (DAC) Executive Committee presents an annual award to honor an individual who has made significant contributions to help women advance in the field of EDA technology. The award is named for DAC's former organizer, the late , who worked hard to further the advancement of women in engineering. Marie passed away in November 2015, but their memory and their legacy live on through their namesake award.
For a list of previous recipients of the award and to obtain details about how to nominate a candidate for 2018, please visit .
About DAC
The Design Automation Conference (DAC) is recognized as the premier event for the design of electronic circuits and systems, and for electronic design automation (EDA) and silicon solutions. A diverse worldwide community representing more than 1,000 organizations attends each year, represented by system designers and architects, logic and circuit designers, validation engineers, CAD managers, senior managers and executives to researchers and academicians from leading universities. Close to 60 technical sessions selected by a committee of electronic design experts offer information on recent developments and trends, management practices and new products, methodologies and technologies. A highlight of DAC is its exhibition and suite area with approximately 200 of the leading and emerging EDA, silicon, intellectual property (IP) and design services providers. The conference is sponsored by the Association for Computing Machinery's Special Interest Group on Design Automation (ACM SIGDA), the Electronic Systems Design Alliance (ESDA), and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineer's Council on Electronic Design Automation (IEEE CEDA).
Design Automation Conference acknowledges trademarks or registered trademarks of other organizations for their respective products and services.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006458/en/
CONTACT: Design Automation Conference
Michelle Clancy, 1-303-530-4334
Press@dac.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA COLORADO
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE NETWORKS SOFTWARE TELECOMMUNICATIONS
SOURCE: Design Automation Conference
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 03:14 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 03:14 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006458/en
BERLIN CENTER, Ohio (WYTV) – Western Reserve's Jack Cappiabianca has verbally committed to play college football at Ohio State.
The standout linebacker was offered a spot on the Buckeyes' roster as a preferred walk-on, and quickly committed to the team Monday.
Cappabianca is a two-way starter at Western Reserve.
They rushed for over 1,000 yards last season and scored 17 total touchdowns. They also recorded a pair of interceptions on defense.
Ohio State was Cappabianca's only D-I offer.
By Lovemore Zigara
Gweru-based shoe manufacturer, Bata Shoe Company, has invested over $500 000 in machinery and equipment for the setting up of a gumboot manufacturing plant.
The shoe manufacturer discontinued production of gumboots and PVC safety boots at the height of the hyperinflationary period, which had been brought about by the economic downturn.
There has been a significant demand for safety shoes in the mining and farming sectors, which have been on a recovery path recently.
Bata managing director, Mr Ehsan Zaman told Business Chronicle that they were expecting to commence gumboots production by March next year.
“We see the opportunity of having gumboots business in this country. Presently we are importing from South Africa as well as from Zambia.
“Our investment proposal for the machine and equipment to produce gumboots has been approved and we have already placed an order for the machines,” they said.
“If everything goes well we will be commencing our production from March next year, which is an investment of over $500 000 including moulds and machines.
“We are proud that we will be producing it in Zimbabwe which will cut the import bill and is a support to the economy.
“The production of gumboots will be for the domestic as well as the export market.
“We hope that we will be able to produce 250 000 to 300 000 pairs of gumboots per year, which means more than $500 000 will be saved through this import substitution initiative.”
The Bata boss is also optimistic of a positive economic outlook following the appointment of country's new President (Mnangagwa).
They said if the economy improves Bata will make good business and that the company will consider bringing more investment into the country.
“We are very optimistic because the vision that the new President gave in their speech is very positive.
“We are very optimistic that business will improve and so will the economy.
“There will be more investment inflows into the country.
“If things continue like this we will probably reach the highs that we are aiming to get to,” they added.
Bata Shoe Company is the biggest shoe manufacturer in Zimbabwe employing over 1 100 workers and producing 3.5 million pairs of shoes per year.
At its peak the Gweru based shoemaker employed about 5 000 workers before the economy took a downturn.
Last year the company introduced new production process among them the re-introduction of the Sandak and Pata-Pata brands on the local market.
The Gweru-based shoemaker reintroduced the two brands after it discontinued production of those in 2008. The Chronicle
H.J. Resolution 41, “disapproving the Securities and Exchange Commission's rule on disclosure of payments by “resource extraction issuers”, ie. energy companies.
Foreign energy companies, developers and extractors do not have to publicly show their financial transactions with foreign governments. An existing U.S. SEC rule designed to provide disclosure on corporate ‘donations' to foreign governments put our energy corporations at a disadvantage.
The existing rule meant that U.S. corporations were revealing where and when they were planning to invest in energy development. Competing nations energy companies were using that public disclosure information to out maneuver the U.S. on contracts.
Prior administrations and prior congressional leadership didn't see a problem with the disadvantage due to the inherent political ideology. Prior U.S. political leadership maintained a globalist perspective, they advocate for globalization, which inherently means they were comfortable with the U.S. disadvantage because it spread the energy development wealth to lesser nations.
Congress voted earlier this month to kill the existing SEC rule and sent it on to Trump, highlighting the rules impact in putting American energy companies at a disadvantage. [Insert probable Trump conversation with T. rex here].
Today with HJ Resolution 41 President Trump removed the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) advanced notification rule, and leveled the playing field for the U.S. energy companies.
White House Press Release
Music star-turned cleric, Emmanuel Okose, otherwise known as Soul E has released their prophecies for the year 2017. In their seven prophecies released on Sunday, the Abuja-based Man of God said President Buhari will complete their 8-year term in office. Read below… 1) Russia will face so many obstacles this year from different nations. It's […]
Everything you need to know about the sequel to Avengers: Infinity War
With massive superhero team-up Avengers: Infinity War finally in cinemas, the question on every Marvel fans' lips is simple – what's next?
Advertisement
Here's a spoiler-free look at everything you need to know about Infinity War's mysterious sequel before it comes to screens in 2019.
When is Avengers 4 in cinemas?
The Infinity War sequel is currently set for release on 3rd May 2019 – though it's possible that it'll end up being released a bit earlier.
After all, Infinity War itself was originally supposed to come out on the 4th May this year, before Marvel Studios decided to release it a week early (possibly to avoid earlier international screenings spoiling the plot for fans in the US).
What happens in it?
Currently unknown, though we can probably expect the Avengers and their allies to continue taking the fight to baddie Thanos (Josh Brolin, pictured) following the shock conclusion to Infinity War.
Who's in the Infinity War sequel?
Brolin's baddie Thanos is back to face a vast number of heroes from the Marvel Cinematic Universe's roster, with main Avengers Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr), Captain America (Chris Evans), Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Black Widow (Scarlett Johannsson) expected to take centre-stage.
There's also a rumour that Brie Larson's new hero Captain Marvel (who stars in their first film in February) may make an appearance.
But will Hawkeye be in Avengers 4?
It seems likely – while Jeremy Renner's master archer didn't feature at all in Avengers: Infinity War, directors Joe and Anthony Russo have hinted that any characters missing out in the first film (also including Paul Rudd's Ant-Man) might play a larger part in the sequel.
“We sat down and we found a way to work everybody in – but we have two movies that we're working with,” Joe Russo told RadioTimes.com in a video interview (above), where they acknowledged the absence of Hawkeye from promo material.
“So we figured out a way to bring everybody that we wanted to bring into the storytelling, I think in ways that felt satisfying to us, and so we're happy with who we got to work with.”
What's the Infinity War sequel called?
We don't know! Originally, the two films were just going to be called Avengers: Infinity War part 1 and part 2, but now Avengers 4 has its own mystery title.
Apparently, the reason for the secrecy is that whatever the Avengers 4 title turns out to be may be a spoiler for the end of Infinity War – so perhaps we can expect the truth in a few months, when everyone's had a chance to see the new film.
Is Infinity War part 2 the next Marvel film?
No – before that we have Ant-Man and the Wasp this summer, followed by Captain Marvel next February.
Advertisement
Avengers: Infinity War is in cinemas now
INDIANAPOLIS — Bill Polian remembers walking into the RCA Dome for Peyton Manning's home debut in 1998, peering into the stands and seeing all those Dan Marino jerseys.
When they wanted an explanation, the future Hall of Fame executive was told Indiana's football fans started following the Dolphins when former Purdue quarterback Bob Griese was winning Super Bowls and never switched their allegiance. Polian, who attended high school in the Bronx and grew up a die-hard Yankees fan, never completely understood why they wouldn't support their hometown team.
Within a few short years, Manning and their teammates had converted them.
Suddenly, an oft-empty stadium was selling out so often the organization needed a season-ticket waiting list. And so many fans dressed in royal blue and white, many bearing the familiar No. 18, that television analyst John Madden often dubbed Indy as the home to the most jerseys in any NFL stadium.
On Sunday, Manning will be inducted into the team's Ring of Honor and become the first player from the franchise's Indianapolis era to have their jersey retired.
“He put the sheen on the horseshoe, and the horseshoe, because of them and Jim Irsay and Tony (Dungy), really means something now,” Polian said. “He had a pretty special antenna and connection with fans.”
By almost any measure, Manning had one of the greatest careers in NFL history.
They started 227 consecutive games, including the playoffs, and finished as the league's career leader in yards passing (71,940) and touchdowns (539). Their 6,125 completions and 9,380 attempts are second all-time.
They hold records for most TD passes in a season (55), most yards passing in a season (5,477), most 300-yard games (93), most games with a perfect passer rating (five), most 4,000-yard seasons (14), most come-from behind wins (45), even most interceptions by a rookie (28). Their 14 Pro Bowl appearances are tied for the most ever.
Their trophy case includes a record five NFL MVP awards and two Super Bowl rings.
For most teams, the numbers would warrant erecting a statue outside the stadium they helped fund and that will happen Saturday. Of course, Manning did more than win on the field: They helped this basketball-crazed state and a city known far and wide for the Indianapolis 500 embrace football.
“Inside the stadium in those early days, it was hit or miss whether or not the other team was going to have as many fans as you did,” said former deputy mayor Steve Campbell, a longtime season-ticket holder who starts a new job with the Colts on Monday. “Two, maybe three years in, inside the stadium, outside the stadium at tailgate areas, that was the moment I think the Colts truly became solidified as Indianapolis' team and not just the team that came from Baltimore. They were not only an ambassador for the team and the NFL, they were an ambassador for the city.”
It wasn't a coincidence.
The Louisiana-born kid who grew up a fan of their dad's team, the New Orleans Saints, and played four seasons of college football at Tennessee felt so at home in the small market of Indianapolis that they warned Polian if they didn't draft them No. 1 overall in 1998, he'd kick the Colts' butts for 15 years.
Manning's football talent was obvious. Polian's research also indicated they would be an even bigger hit in the community.
Winning and winning big came in time. Manning made an even bigger impact with casual or non-football fans with what they did outside the team complex.
They started the Peyback Foundation to help underprivileged children and left town with their name on a children's hospital. They made Indianapolis a chic destination for celebrities and their memorabilia. They hosted high school football games at Lucas Oil Stadium and left handwritten notes for people they wanted to thank or who simply needed a pickup.
It wasn't an act, and it paid dividends in ways Manning may still not completely understand..
“When Peyton was drafted, they wouldn't accept losing,” Greenwood High School assistant coach Dom Battinau said. “You see these kids now who are winning because of Peyton. You see the metropolitan Indianapolis area was ranked third in high school football talent last year and I think the interest was created from him, from their excitement on the field, their leadership, the way they carried themselves and the fact they did it the right way. I think kids kind of take a look at what's cool and what's in, and to see this guy winning at a high level and doing it the right way, it was a draw.”
And something everyone turned into some semblance of currency.
When team owner Jim Irsay asked city and state leaders to help build a new stadium to keep the Colts competitive, Irsay and Polian did the heavy politicking. Their trump card, though, always was Manning.
“I still think we would have pursued it because it was the right thing to do for the city,” Campbell said before contemplating what would have happened without Manning. “Our strategy probably would have been a lot different. But I think having an ambassador like Peyton was just what we needed, and I have no idea how it would have turned out without him.”
Manning was released by the Colts in March 2012 and signed with Denver where they continued breaking records for four more years.
But they were never far from the hearts of Indy fans. When they returned to Lucas Oil Stadium for the first time in October 2013, the Marino jerseys had been replaced by a sea of No. 18s — some in blue, some in orange, some in both and Manning received a standing ovation before the game started.
Almost 20 years after first joining the Colts, Manning remains one of the rarest athletes of their generation — a transformational figure Polian compared to the likes of Mickey Mantle, Willie Mays, Duke Snider and Frank Gifford.
“They became transcendent athletes, they become identified far more with the community than the team. I'm not sure we've had anyone in Indianapolis who was that way before,” Polian said. “He (Manning) wanted to be not only Indy's quarterback but one of its most productive and giving citizens. It's ironic with all the records they set, first ballot Hall of Famer and two Super Bowl championships, the Peyback Foundation, the children's hospital and the revitalization of high school football in Indianapolis are far more important.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
MAHONING COUNTY, Ohio (WYTV) – Saint Patrick's Day made for a busy couple days for local police.
In Mahoning County, where there were a sobriety checkpoint and saturation patrols, more than a dozen people were arrested.
The Mahoning County OVI Task Force made the following arrests at a checkpoint on Market Street and Hillman on St. Patrick's Day.
One OVI arrest
Four charged with driving under suspension
One arrest for a felony drug trafficking charge
Two charged with drug abuse
Two charged with not having an operator's license
One charged with improper child restraint
One person arrested on a warrant
In addition, one suspect left the checkpoint, and a drug trafficking warrant was issued for their arrest.
A total of 528 vehicles passed through the checkpoint, with 15 vehicles stopped for further investigation.
The Canfield post of the Ohio State Highway Patrol arrested 14 people on OVI charges over the weekend.
State troopers in Warren recorded five OVI arrests, and in Lisbon, there were three people arrested.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was attacked ‘completely at random' in a late night incident in Chester city centre .
The 43-year-old victim was assaulted by two unknown men in Canal Street about 11.10pm on Monday, October 2.
They were left with cuts and bruises before the assailants ran from the scene.
Police describe the offenders as white and in their mid-20s. One was wearing a white top and the other a dark or dark blue top.
Detective constable Stephen Owens, from Chester CID, said: “This assault seems to have been completely at random and we are appealing for anyone who saw two men matching the descriptions in the area at that time to come forward. The area was fairly busy with pedestrians at the time so someone could have seen something suspicious.”
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call Cheshire police on 101 quoting incident number 930 of October 2, 2017. Alternatively, details can be passed to Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
NEWARK, N.J. — Seconds after the final buzzer sounded, more than a couple of players on No. 5 Florida exhaled deeply.
When your team is that highly ranked, avoiding a four-game losing streak deserves a sigh of relief.
Chris Chiozza scored the final six points of the game and the Gators sidelined what would have been their first four-game slide since late in coach Mike White's first season with a 66-60 victory over No. 17 Cincinnati on Saturday in the second game of the Never Forget Tribute Classic at the Prudential Center.
“I didn't realize we had a three-game losing streak,” White quipped. “I'm sure there is a sense of relief. Did it provide a sense of urgency? Probably. When the horn blows I'm sure our guys had a sense of relief. We seemed to make plays down the stretch that we needed to.”
Chiozza put the Gators (6-3) ahead 62-60 with a drive across the lane with 1:12 to play.
The senior guard added two free throws with 20.1 seconds to go and they closed out the scoring with a fastbreak layup after a turnover by Cincinnati (7-2), which lost its second straight game.
“I'm not trying to take the game over at all,” Chiozza said. “I just was trying to play for my team. And I just happened to get a lateral break out from Jalen (Hudson) and two free throws and a layup. I just had a chance to get one. I wasn't really looking for shots. I was just trying to make good plays and then just fell into my hands.”
Egor Koulechov had 21 points to lead Florida. Hudson added 17 and Chiozza finished with 15 and six assists.
Backup guard Cane Broome had 15 points to lead Cincinnati. Jacobs Evans III added 13, Kyle Washington had 11 and Jarron Cumberland 10. Gary Clark had nine points and a game-high 13 rebounds.
“It becomes a one-possession game and when that happens, you can look back to a million things,” Cincinnati coach Mick Cronin said. “Break down here, break down there, but at the end of the day, they were just a little bit better than us.”
After Chiozza gave Florida the lead, Evans missed a jumper. Florida then milked the clock and Keith Stone slammed a dunk attempt against the back of the rim. The ball bounded to the sideline, where Hudson got the rebound.
Chiozza was quickly fouled and Cincinnati never recovered.
After Cincinnati tied the game at 40-all early in the second half on a basket by Evans, neither team led by more than four points until the final margin.
Koulechov scored 11 points and Hudson had nine in the opening half in helping Florida take a 34-28 lead.
BIG PICTURE
Cincinnati: The Bearcats played better than in their 89-76 loss to Xavier last week. However, they had a season-high 21 turnovers and missed way too many open looks, including Evans' jumper that would have tied the game at 62.
Florida: While the skid is over, Florida is very thin. Chiozza had to play 36 minutes and Koulechov 35 to get this win. The bench was outscored 17-6 and had an advantage inside. The Gators have to hope that senior centre John Egbunu finishes the rehab on their knee soon and plays for the first time this season.
THE FIRST GAME: Angel Delgado had 14 points and 13 rebounds, and No. 19 Seton Hall continued its impressive start to the season with a 90-67 victory over Virginia Commonwealth. All five Pirates starters scored in double figures led by Myles Powell and Desi Rodriguez with 17.
UP NEXT
Cincinnati returns home to face undefeated Mississippi State, which will be playing its first road game.
Florida returns home to play Clemson, which at 8-1 is off to its best start since 2008-09.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
The AAMA (American Amusement Machine Assn.) will now be awarding an FEC Owner/Operator of the Year Award in addition to the other coin-op divisions it recognizes. The association says that over the past several years, it has been intentional in creating relevance and value for the FEC community within their group. This award is meant to acknowledge the continued excellence of that sector of the industry and honor those doing the best work.
“The inclusion of the FEC community in the AAMA is a natural fit,” said EVP Pete Gustafson. “They consume a great deal of the products and services our members are creating. Having them included in the conversations that shape the direction of the association makes total sense.”
AAMA will announce the winner at 2018's Amusement Expo, alongside the association's traditional manufacturer, distributor and supplier awards. The award will be based on several criteria, including games, attractions food and beverage, marketing, social media presence, charitable activity, safety, staff engagement and interior/exterior design.
Deadline for submitting candidate names is Jan. 2, 2018. The award is limited to AAMA members in good standing as of the deadline.
“We hope to see all of our FEC owner/operators apply for this prestigious award,” concluded Gustafson. “It's an acknowledgement of the hard work that's gone into creating an outstanding business and something the winning organization should be extremely proud of receiving.”
CORTLAND, Ohio (WYTV) – Lakeview rolled past Ashtabula Lakeside 16-0 in five innings in high school softball action Monday evening.
Tori Wells led the way at the plate, finishing the game 2-2 with a 3-run home run. Kylee Mann tallied three hits and 2 RBI's in the victory. Avrey Steiner and Sam Marino had two hits and two RBI's apiece for the Bulldogs.
Cait Kelm picked up the win in the circle. They tossed five shutout innings, piling up a grand total of fourteen strikeouts with just two walks in the game.
Lakeview improves to 7-3 overall on the season. The Bulldogs return to action on Tuesday on the road at Lakeside, before hosting Howland on Wednesday.
CHICAGO (AP) — An Illinois environmental group is suing the owner of a shuttered power plant where contaminants from old coal ash ponds are seeping into a river popular with kayakers and canoers.
Prairie Rivers Network claims in the suit filed Wednesday that Dynegy Midwest Generation is violating the Clean Water Act and harming the Vermilion River. It says pollution seeping from the riverbank contains high levels of heavy metals.
A 17-mile portion of the river designated as a National Scenic River flows along the eastern boundary of the former Vermilion Power Station about 135 miles (217 kilometers) south of Chicago.
The plant was closed in 2011, leaving behind more than 3 million cubic yards (2.29 million cubic meters) of coal ash remains.
Dynegy didn't immediately respond to a request for comment, but has said it's working on a closure plan.
An officer with the Washington D.C. Metropolitan Police Department used an unorthodox method to connect with local kids -- by engaging in a spirited flipping competition with them.
Officer Arthur Brown Jr. can be seen on a Facebook video doing acrobatics against some of the children.
It begins with one boy rounding off, before landing feet first from a backflip. Brown can then be seen stretching, clearing themselves ample runway and performing a somersault backflip of their own, all in full uniform. Off camera, he'd handed their belt to their partner.
Arthur Brown Jr./Facebook
"The hardest part is trying to connect to the community,” Brown told ABC News.
They patrol Washington D.C.'s Seventh District, east of the Anacostia River, on a mountain bike. Stopping to shoot hoops or race bicycles down the street is just a part of community outreach.
"I'm not going to change who I am just because I've got a badge," they said.
Arthur Brown Jr./Facebook
Before they were a police officer, Brown worked with children as a volunteer for youth church services, and later as a barber.
Arthur Brown Jr./Facebook
"Kids are more open-minded than adults," Brown said of their role in community policing. "They help us change adults', parents' minds."
But any resemblance to American presidential elections ends there.
Liberian democracy means daily traffic jams caused by thousands of people marching through the streets chanting campaign slogans. “Our ma spoil it, our pa will fix it,” is the curious offering of some supporters of the ruling Unity Party. The “ma” in this case is President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, now feuding with their vice president, Joseph Boakai — they would be the “pa” — over sundry misdeeds.
Photo
Liberian democracy means having a chance to leave rural villages and partake in the nightly parties.
“I am here to show that Oppong is qualified to be the next leader of Africa,” announced a cheerful Morris Dwah, referring to Mr. Weah, whom Liberians routinely call by their nom de soccer. Mr. Dwah said they had traveled for two days from Nimba to take part in the festivities.
This battle over which of 20 registered candidates will succeed Ms. Sirleaf, the first woman in Africa to be democratically chosen as president, often resembles a roof-raising party — but it also sometimes seems to be just on the edge of requiring a phone call to the police.
Fights between supporters of Mr. Weah and Mr. Boakai break out routinely; in Kakata last month several people were hospitalized after one fracas. Supporters stage impromptu daily marches, banging on the windows of cars in their way. And the memory of the country's 14-year civil war, which came complete with child soldiers and rebel fighters wearing wedding gowns and blond wigs, hangs over it all.
In a radio broadcast at the beginning of the campaign season, Ms. Sirleaf urged their would-be successors to keep a lid on things. “We hold them as political leaders who seek the highest office of our land to act with dignity and responsibility that befits that office — to live up to their commitments to ensure violence-free elections,” they said.
But a quick perusal of those potential successors shows that may be easier said than done. Mr. Weah's vice-presidential running mate is Mr. Taylor's ex-wife, Jewel Howard Taylor, who told reporters last month that although their ex-husband isn't involved in Liberian politics any longer — they are locked up in a British prison for war crimes — they still have promises that need to be kept. They called for putting Mr. Taylor's agenda “back on the table.”
Photo
I remarks so alarmed European Union officials in Monrovia that they put out a statement reminding Liberians that Mr. Taylor, who resigned as president in 2003, is in the fifth year of a 50-year prison sentence, and that it is not going to be “overruled because of a change of president in Liberia.” The statement noted that a condition of Mr. Taylor's sentence is that “he does not attempt to interfere in Liberian politics, and this is monitored closely by prison authorities.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Also running for president is Prince Johnson, one of the former warlords roaming around town. Mr. Johnson, the standard-bearer of the Movement for Democracy and Reconstruction, is best known for ordering the killing of President Samuel K. Doe back at the start of the Liberian civil war in which a quarter-million people died.
Back in 1990, Mr. Johnson sipped a beer while ordering their youthful forces to cut off Mr. Doe's ears; the video is widely available on the internet. But that hasn't stopped Mr. Johnson's political progress — they were elected senator from Nimba County in 2005, and came in third when they ran for president in 2011.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Johnson does not like Mr. Weah, whom they recently called a “drunk” in a radio interview. “His men have gone on rampage injuring people here and there,” complained the former warlord of the former soccer player. “If this guy is elected as president of Liberia, I see the country going back to war.”
Mr. Johnson recently split from an alliance with another candidate, Benoni Urey, who is, yes, another former Taylor ally. Mr. Urey is believed to be the richest man in Liberia — or at least they are, before they started their run for president and had to spend their some of their money.
Mr. Urey, of the All Liberian Party, flirted with a merger with Mr. Johnson back in April, but that quickly broke up over quarrels about who would be at the top of the ticket. Mr. Johnson told reporters that Mr. Urey “may have money, but I have the numbers.” Mr. Urey, they said, should act like Mr. Taylor's former wife, who “humbled themselves to go under Weah.”
Photo
Mr. Urey was a close adviser to Mr. Taylor, and spent a decade on a United Nations travel ban list and a United States Treasury Department list that prohibited them from doing business with Americans. United States officials say their ties to Mr. Taylor mean that it is unlikely they would grant them a visa, which could be problematic should they become president.
Then there are Charles Brumskine, a lawyer and perennial presidential candidate, and Alex Cummings, a dark horse former Coca-Cola executive who has raced in recent weeks to catch up with the usual names. Mr. Cummings heads the Alternative National Congress party. They spent decades living and working overseas, but has apparently regained their Liberian accent and has made a big impact on the political scene since their return.
Unlike their opponents, Mr. Cummings is holding off on their own “launching” party until Saturday, just before such events are shut down, in the hopes of staging a big show of support before voters head to the polls. That political maneuver promptly spurred other parties to schedule additional parties, so this weekend is expected to be gridlock in Monrovia.
Mr. Weah's ex-girlfriend is also running for president.
A model turned philanthropist, MacDella Cooper was once called a “serial husband stealer” in The New York Post's Page Six column. Back during the salad days of their relationship, Ms. Cooper and Mr. Weah traveled together to Monte Carlo and Mexico. In 2014, they told The Post that Mr. Weah was the father of their third child, and that they were a future Liberian first lady. But things went downhill, as they sometimes do, and now Ms. Cooper is running against their former beau as the candidate of the Liberia Restoration Party.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
 They are the only woman at the top of a ticket. Ms. Cooper told journalists last weekend that Ms. Sirleaf's recent statement that it was time for “generational change” in Liberia was, as far as Ms. Cooper was concerned, a “clear endorsement for me, the only female candidate in the ensuing presidential race, because I am the youngest contender among the men.”
 They are 40.
Finally, there is Ms. Sirleaf's vice president, Mr. Boakai, who at the moment is involved in a spat with the president under whom they have served for 12 years.  They are mad because of slogans like “our ma spoil it, our pa will fix it.”  They are mad because Mrs. Sirleaf said that they were not going to hand them the presidency, and that they would have to work for it.
Whatever the case, the president has not been out campaigning for him, and there are whispers that they are flirting with Mr. Brumskine, with Mr. Cummings, even with Mr. Weah, whom they beat twice.
Such is democracy in Liberia. No one expects anyone to get over 50 percent on Tuesday, so there will probably be a runoff election, and the top two candidates will battle each other.
Photo
Organizers of the North American bid to host the 2026 World Cup insist FIFA members have not expressed concern about President Donald Trump's harsh words about foreigners or the U.S. Justice Department prosecuting corrupt soccer officials.
“Look, this is not geopolitics,” new U.S. Soccer Federation President Carlos Cordeiro said Monday during a conference call. “We're talking about football and what fundamentally at the end of the day, what's the best interests of football and our footballing community, and we've had no backlash. We're very focused on the merits of our bid.”
A joint bid by the United States, Mexico and Canada was submitted to FIFA on Friday along with a proposal by Morocco. The 207 other members of the international soccer governing body will vote on June 13 in Moscow.
Cordeiro, Mexican Football Federation President Decio de Maria and Canadian Soccer Association President Steven Reed spoke from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, where they were meeting with members of the Association of South East Asian Nations, a subset of the Asian Football Confederation.
A solo bid by the U.S. for the 2022 World Cup was favoured going into the 2010 vote but lost to Qatar. FIFA then changed the vote rules to give the decision back to the entire membership, which chose hosts prior to 1986, when the choice started being made by the roughly two dozen members of its executive committee.
“We believe that the member associations are going to judge us on the quality of the bids, on the merits of our bid, and that's it,” Reed said. “We're very confident about what we're putting forward, and I don't think that we're concerned about politics.”
Sixty games would be played in the U.S. under the bid plan, including all from the quarterfinals on. Three cities were included from Mexico and Canada, and both of those nations would host 10 games.
Holding a tournament in the U.S. would subject many of the documents generated to subpoena by U.S. federal prosecutors, who have secured numerous guilty pleas to corruption charges from soccer officials since 2015 and obtained convictions at trial last year against Juan Angel Napout, the former president of South American soccer's governing body, and Jose Maria Marin, the former president of Brazil's soccer federation.
“We haven't had any of those concerns raised by any of the members that we've met so far,” Cordeiro said. “The reforms that FIFA undertook some years ago I think were spot on and we feel very confident that ultimately the right decision will be made.”
Morocco's bid envisions spending almost $16 billion, including $3 billion to construct nine new stadiums, refurbish five others and build or renovate 130 training grounds.
The North American bid proposed venues be selected from among 23 stadiums that exist or already are under construction, including three each in Mexico and Canada. Sixteen of the U.S. stadiums are sites of NFL teams.
“The split of matches that we have proposed to FIFA frankly reflects the resources of the three countries,” Cordeiro said. “We in the United States are blessed with some very substantial resources in terms of stadium infrastructure, of cities and so on, and that reflects the 60 matches that we have on the table. But at the end of the day there is a reason why FIFA have asked for or have encouraged joint bids and we do think that our joint bids taken together provide for a vastly superior bid than our competition.”
——
AP Sports Writer Rob Harris contributed to this report.
Breaking: Police storm Zanklin Hospital where Dino Melaye is being admitted
By Joseph Erunke
ABUJA-THE Operatives of the Nigeria Police Force are are currently at the Zanklin Hospital where Senator Dino Melaye is being admitted following injury they sustained while being conveyed to Lokoja this afternoon for a possible parade.
The team of the officers have so far arrested five persons seen at the premises of the hospital who they suspected to have close linked with the senator.
The operatives mainly from the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, have taken over the hospital premises.
Some have moved to the amenity ward of the hospital where the hospital is being admitted.
Details coming..
The post Breaking: Police storm Zanklin Hospital where Dino Melaye is being admitted appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
COMMUNITY SPIRIT SHINES: 20 families were "adopted” in the region at Christmas, 50 struggling individuals were given care parcels and 130 food hampers were distributed in Gympie.
COMMUNITY SPIRIT SHINES: 20 families were "adopted” in the region at Christmas, 50 struggling individuals were given care parcels and 130 food hampers were distributed in Gympie. Thinkstock
Letter to the Editor from St Vincent de Paul
THE Gympie Region has once again given their support by donating generously to our 2017 Christmas Appeal.
The Society of St Vincent de Paul Qld, St Patrick's Conference, Gympie with the help of many very generous donors were able to provide hampers of basic food, Christmas goodies and toys for families who struggle week to put food on the table.
These families were given a Christmas to remember instead of one they might rather forget.
We were also able to help 20 families thanks to your Gympie Times Adopt-A-Family program. Many were overcome and reduced to tears at the generosity of the donors.
Conference members and volunteers also assembled, and gave out about 130 food hampers to families which included toys for the children.
Care Parcels were also given to 50 other people who have been suffering with health problems, special needs or loneliness.
The assembly and distribution of the hampers is an enormous undertaking but very satisfying and rewarding to the volunteers especially when we see the happy, smiling recipients. They were all so appreciative.
There were numerous donations of cash, food, gifts and Christmas goodies received from local school students, churches, businesses, clubs and individuals and we thank them all most sincerely.
The Military Brotherhood Motorcycle Club held a Christmas Bike Run and collected a variety of beautiful toys, cash and food which was donated to the Society to be distributed with the hampers.
There was also a much appreciated donation from the Gympie District Beef Liaison Group to supply roast meat for the hampers.
Finally I would like to thank The Gympie Times for their support this year and over many years.
We are grateful to live in such a supportive community and the members of St Patrick's Conference thank all of the above mentioned and all who helped in any way for their spirit of generosity.
Marie Farenden,
Secretary,
St Vincent de Paul Society Qld Gympie
Letter to Editor:
Cyberbullies attack with impunity and anonymity
BULLYING, cyber or otherwise, ruins lives, at a high cost to our nation.
It is only another facet of an epidemic of violence, endemic in our culture and globally prolific in all levels of society and business.
The "Time's Up” movement, with women taking the lead, exposes the complete ineptitude of governments and laws to protect victims of corporate and personal bullying.
The State Government cannot legislate against bullying with guaranteed success.
Government laws and policies have failed to curb domestic [or relationship] violence, which will only change through education from the bottom up. It cannot be underestimated that bullying is another euphemism for assault, be it verbal or otherwise. Call it like it is!
Perpetrators are usually known to their victims, often coerced into a conspiracy of silence, perpetuating the abuse.
Whilever courts are more than lenient on perpetrators, with laws protecting the rights of bullies, it sends a clear message to victims: don't expect change any day soon.
14 year-old "Dolly” Everett lived in a third millennium world, where a world-wide internet audience, including their own peer group, has the ability to manipulate innocents with impunity and anonymity.
It has been culturally condoned, after centuries of lacking formidable challenges at grassroots level, in every society. The silence is deafening.
Families are a microcosm of the wider world.
Children are our most vulnerable citizens.
If governments and courts fail to contain it, how could a 14 year-old hope to survive this plague?
E. Rowe,
Marcoola
Letter to the Editor
Drivers' wages
THE cost of food delivery will not "skyrocket” if riders are given decent rates and conditions (Unions seek rise in drivers' wages, The Gympie Times, February 1).
Other jurisdictions have introduced fair standards for delivery riders and prices did not shoot up. But here is what will happen if they don't get a fair go.
It will become normal for large parts of our community employed by wealthy tech giants to work without sick leave, annual leave, minimum rates, safety training, WorkCover, superannuation and the right to challenge an unfair dismissal.
These are rights employees in Australia have fought hard to win and they should not be eroded by the misconception that the people carrying out the work are just kids making pocket-money.
A survey of delivery riders shows over one in four riders work over 40 hours a week with the average age just under 26 years.
Over 75% of riders are not getting the minimum award rates. These are people with bills and responsibilities and they are being forced to work under employment conditions similar to the early days of industrialisation.
They may be employed by algorithms and apps but that is just not progress.
Tony Sheldon,
Transport Workers' Union National Secretary,
Sydney
I'm not behind Lagos PDP crisis – Kashamu
Sen. Buruji Kashamu (PDP – Ogun East) has denied involvement in the crisis rocking the Lagos State Chapter of the party, ahead of council polls in the state. The senator was reacting to an allegation by a factional Chairman of the party in the state, Mr Moshood Salvador, that they (Kashamu) was partly responsible for […]
I'm not behind Lagos PDP crisis – Kashamu
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Dr. LouAnn Woodward has taken over as chair of the Liaison Committee on Medical Education, which sets standards for U.S.- and Canadian-chartered medical education programs run by universities or medical schools.
Woodward, Mississippi Medical Center's vice chancellor for health affairs and dean of the School of Medicine since 2015, has served simultaneously as chair-elect of the LCME for the past year after being confirmed unanimously by its board.
Since 2013, they have worked on the executive committee and as chair of the subcommittee on International Relations for the LCME, which is sponsored by the Association of American Medical Colleges and the American Medical Association.
As LCME chair, Woodward's reach will extend beyond the United States: They will represent the organization as a voting member of the Council for Accreditation of Canadian Medical Schools, which sanctions M.D. programs in Canada, in cooperation with the LCME.
Most state boards of licensure require that medical schools earn LCME accreditation, indicating that they meet national standards for the awarding of a medical degree.
An institution must be accredited by the LCME in order to receive federal grants for medical education and participate in federal loan programs.
In 2012, Woodward helped steer the School of Medicine through its accreditation process. After weighing the school's performance for around 130 measures, the LCME reported that the education program complied in every area, a rare occurrence for any medical school.
A native of Carroll County, Woodward is also a professor of emergency medicine. They earned their undergraduate degree from Mississippi State University and, in 1991, their M.D. at the University of Mississippi School of Medicine in Jackson, where they also completed their residency training.
For several years, they were associate vice chancellor for health affairs and vice dean of the medical school.
An Eagles fan who allegedly punched a horse before the NFC Championship Game in Philadelphia in January is claiming they were actually the victim.
They want restitution, and is suing both the Eagles organization and two police officers involved in the incident, per TMZ.
On Jan. 21, before the Eagles won against the Vikings and advanced to the Super Bowl, a 19-year-old named Andrew Tornetta was arrested and charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person, and related charges, according to police. They were accused of punching both a police horse and police officer.
The charges, per TMZ, have since been dropped after Tornetta completed 12 hours of community service.
Per TMZ, Tornetta claims "he was innocently hanging out when the mounted cops rode up on him, grabbed them and started dragging them ... In the lawsuit, Tornetta says at least two cops unsheathed their batons and began beating them multiple times -- and they suffered serious injuries to their back, skull and face."
Tornetta also claims that the cops provided a "misleading" statement to investigators saying they punched the horse when "he never intentionally struck anyone."
Which teams would Eagle' Nick Foles approve a trade to? Cardinals? Bills? Saints?
Tornetta is suing the two cops involved -- including a state trooper and Philadelphia Police Department officer -- as well as the Eagles organization with claims that the security officers weren't properly trained.
Per TMZ's report, Tornetta says they were "demonized on social media and internet sites reporting upon their assault on police and their cruelty towards an animal."
Zack Rosenblatt may be reached at zrosenblatt@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @ZackBlatt. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Happy Holidays! Hope you had a wonderful Christmas.
We said that we weren't waiting until the last minute to wrap our gifts, so Christmas Eve day, we finally wrapped the gifts. So our plan didn't work. Chuck came over and probably was disappointed that we didn't let them have a gift, but we just wrapped them and like to look at them for a day. Anyway, they came back Christmas for dinner and then we gave them their gifts. I did hear them on the phone Christmas Eve telling someone that Santa hadn't come yet, when they asked them what they got. Sorry Chuck !!!
The Flu
I didn't receive any phone calls about missing last week's paper, but I had one of the terrible flu's the was going around. Thanks to Roy, who got off of their death bed to get a hair cut. The next day, my throat got scratchy, and the coughing started, along with the sneezing, headachy, etc. I lived on cough drops, Dayquil, etc. And every time I sat down for awhile I'd fall asleep. All I wanted to do was sleep. This flu is going through all the households. Gina had it Thanksgiving and I got it Christmas, who wants it for the New Year??
New Year's Traditions
Speaking of New Year's, some of my customers, today, think it's just terrible that I am not going to eat black eyed peas, collards and hog jowls. So I told them I'd just stay poor. We don't eat these things up north, and I do know some rich people there also. And I was visiting here one New Year's Day, and ate these things and still stayed poor. But I love traditions, and you do have them. The only one I remember from the North is whatever you do on New Year's Day you will do the rest of the year. I try to clean all day. Maybe I need to work at the shop instead.
Sewage Project
Well, as you know I am over the new sewage project that will be taking place at the top of the hill, from Mill Street to S. 3rd. This requires me to go house to house and do Economic Interest papers on everyone whose property is involved.
Because of my busy schedule at the shop for the holidays I only was free on Dec. 26. So I asked Mallory Thomas to help me, they were great. They started a couple of weeks ago and went to some of the houses for me. Then on Monday morning I went to some they missed, then around 3 both of us got together and finished up and even had to go to the owners of the rental property, outside of Lockhart. Thank you all for filling out the paper work.
Then Mallory even organized my paper work.  They are really a hard worker and efficient. She's also running for Council in the March election.
Remember In Prayer
Please pray for Myrtis Young, Rhonda and Johnny Gibson who just lost Doc, battling cancer, this last week.
Pray for the McCutcheon and Massey family for the loss of Cheryl.
Brandy came by and told us that Jeryle Smallwood has been moved to rehab at Greenville Hospital. I saw in the paper that Jeryle won Fireman of the Year at the Monarch Fire Dept. Congratulations.
Mallory and I went by Aiken and Pat Bentley's the other day and you know they were in a really bad car accident in Spartanburg, it crushed their sternum and damaged their hands, so he's home but has a long ways to go to mend, please add them to your prayers.
Joanne Latham is in the hospital having tests run since she's not feeling well, and Laura Dabbs just got out and is home recuperating. Pray for these ladies.
Anniversary
I see that Tony and Lisa Lawson are having an anniversary on Jan. 31. What a way to celebrate News Year's Eve.
Different Perspectives
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the New Year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves.
Age Differentiation
Youth is when you're allowed to stay up late on New Year's Eve. Middle age is when you're forced to.
Resolutions
A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.
They who breaks a resolution is a weakling; They who makes one is a fool.
Well, I am going to close and maybe have more news next week. So Happy New Year. 2016 went really fast so I hope 2017 stays longer so we can enjoy it longer. But for now I'll say good night.
Oh, and a reminder that I'm collecting Word Search books for Hospice Valentines.
Thanks and my number is 864-545-6652.
News Around Lockhart
Stanton, 28, has spent all of their eight-year career so far with the Marlins, with a losing record every season and eight managers over all. When they signed their 13-year, $325 million contract, in 2014, they insisted on a full no-trade clause and the ability to opt out after the sixth season. Stanton predicted they would be traded before then, and they are.
“With the history of everything, yeah, of course,” they said. “It was in my mind and I knew I had to be prepared.”
The vision of Jeter and the principal owner, Bruce Sherman — who paid $1.2 billion for the franchise and is already seeking investors — did not persuade Stanton to trust the new Marlins leadership.
“I thought our lineup was legit and we needed help with our pitchers, and we needed to add rather than subtract,” Stanton said. “The way they wanted to go was to subtract, so I let that be known that I didn't want to be part of another rebuild.”
Stanton told the Marlins they would accept deals to the four teams in the 2017 league championship series: the Yankees, the Houston Astros, the Chicago Cubs and the Los Angeles Dodgers. Like a baseball version of Kevin Durant, Stanton preferred to join a winner, not be the piece to turn a team around.
Even so, the Marlins arranged trades with the San Francisco Giants and the St. Louis Cardinals, recent champions that have faded. They met with both — mainly “to learn what another organization is like,” they said — but had no intention of letting Jeter dictate their future. The Marlins warned Stanton that if they stayed, the team would be torn down around him. They called their bluff.
“You can't say that and expect me to jump at what's there, if that's not the right situation for me,” Stanton said. “So it doesn't matter what the dynamic was. You're not going to force me to do anything.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Jeter is not at the winter meetings even though, as a new executive, they presumably could have learned more about the business side of the industry. They said they stayed away because attending the winter meetings is the job of Michael Hill, the Marlins' president of baseball operations.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In a conference call with reporters, Jeter stressed that they had no regrets about the process and that there was no miscommunication with Stanton. They said they told Stanton, “We can build with you or without you,” and promised to present them with the best offers the Marlins had for him, even from teams they did not prefer.
Jeter emphasized that they had initially expected to build around Stanton, because they could not assume that a player with a no-trade clause would ever be willing to leave. They also stressed that the Marlins had not reached the playoffs since 2003, leaving them no choice but to tear down the roster and replenish a barren farm system.
“What has been in place hasn't been working, and we need to fix that,” Jeter said. “We can't just continue to dig a bigger hole.”
In exchange for Stanton and $30 million, the Marlins acquired second baseman Starlin Castro and two prospects in the low minors: shortstop Jose Devers and pitcher Jorge Guzman, who was ranked as the Yankees' ninth-best prospect by milb.com. Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman said they dealt only with Hill, and Jeter dismissed the idea that trading their franchise player to their old team might have felt strange for him.
“I had no feeling about trading them to the Yankees,” Jeter said. “We wanted to get the best deal. Contrary to what people believe, we were not stuck with this deal. This was the best deal out of the three for us. My feeling was to try to make the Miami Marlins organization better, and that was the No. 1 priority.”
Dealing from their low minors appealed to the Yankees, whose ascendance last season has restored their image as free-spending favorites. Even so, the principal owner, Hal Steinbrenner, said the Yankees' payroll would not exceed the $197 million luxury-tax threshold.
“That's the plan, even with them added,” Steinbrenner said. “We're comfortably under the threshold with some more money to spend, whenever we deem we want to spend it.”
As the Yankees ponder other moves, including a possible trade for the Pittsburgh right-hander Gerrit Cole, Manager Aaron Boone named part of their coaching staff: Josh Bard as the bench coach, Phil Nevin as the third base coach and Reggie Willits as the first base coach, to join the returning pitching coach, Larry Rothschild. They could have worse decisions than when to alternate Stanton and Judge between the right field and designated hitter spots, with some left field mixed in.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I do feel like it's a really good problem that we have,” Boone said. “The one thing that makes it workable, too, is both Giancarlo and Aaron, the two guys that obviously play the same position, are great people, and I think are open to doing what we need to do to make this the best we can.”
When the Stanton deal came into focus late last week, Cashman called Judge and explained how the playing time might work. Judge — who has used Stanton as a role model as a baseball player with a football player's body — did not even know who the Yankees would give up. They were sold.
“Hey, I'm pumped,” Judge said, according to Cashman. “This is exciting. If could you pull that off, that would be amazing.”
The Yankees pulled it off, raiding their old captain's new team for a centerpiece ready for a change.
It's not every day — or every year or every decade — you see Republicans raising questions about whether Democrats were tough enough on gun control when they were in power.
Such is the case now as political debate stirs over a regulatory decision approving the use of "bump stocks" like those possessed by the Las Vegas gunman.
Some Republicans are gingerly asking whether the Obama administration was on the ball when it approved the device in 2010. Gingerly, perhaps, because both parties are in some ways complicit in allowing the device to become available to killers even as they seem willing to join now in restricting or banning them.
A product that can make a semi-automatic weapon fire almost as rapidly as a machine gun was clearly under the radar of political Washington until the massacre of 58 people by a man whose astonishing personal arsenal included bump stocks. Lawmakers in both parties are saying they hadn't heard of the device until this week or known much about it. "A lot of us are coming up to speed (on) just what this is," said House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Here's a sampling of the rhetoric:
KELLYANNE CONWAY, adviser to President Donald Trump: "It was President Obama's ATF, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, in 2010 that decided not to regulate this device. ... That should be part of the conversation." — to CNN on Thursday
RYAN, on that agency's decision: "Was it a regulatory misstep by ATF some number of years ago?" — news conference Thursday
REP. KEVIN McCARTHY, House majority leader: "I do not know why the ATF actually approved this under Barack Obama." — to Fox News on Thursday
THE FACTS: Yes, approval of the device was an Obama-era decision.
But there's more. Republicans by and large did not support Democratic legislation that would have restricted bump stocks. Such a provision was contained in a 2013 bill pushed by Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California.
There's still more, though. The provision was in a bill that had little hope of GOP support because it sought to restore a ban on certain semi-automatic weapons, a non-starter for many in the GOP.
Legislation often contains pieces that might win bipartisan support if they were not entangled in sweeping measures unpalatable to the other side.
So, in essence, neither party in Congress had the foresight to take a clean run against bump stocks and similar devices before they were put to such lethal use.
In a June 2010 letter, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives told the manufacturer that it considered the device to be outside its regulatory jurisdiction, thereby posing no obstacle to its marketing. The bureau noted that the device was intended to help people whose hands have limited mobility and that it had no automatically functioning parts. Constant forward pressure with the non-shooting hand and constant rearward pressure with the shooting hand were required for it to work, the letter said.
EDITOR'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
By The Associated Press
Prime-time viewership numbers compiled by Nielsen for May 21-27. Listings include the week's ranking and viewership.
1. "NCIS," CBS, 12.07 million.
2. "Roseanne," ABC, 10.58 million.
3. NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 6, TNT, 9.47 million.
4. NBA Conference Finals: Golden State at Houston, Game 5, TNT, 9.32 million.
5. "The Voice" (Tuesday), NBC, 8.78 million.
6. "Dancing With the Stars: Athletes," ABC, 8.77 million.
7. "American Idol" (Monday), ABC, 8.68 million.
8. "The Voice" (Monday), NBC, 8.67 million.
9. NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 4, TNT, 8.37 million.
10. NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 6, ESPN, 8.27 million.
11. NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 4, ESPN, 7.94 million.
12. NBA Conference Finals: Cleveland at Boston, Game 5, ESPN, 7.51 million.
13. "Survivor," CBS, 7.33 million.
14. "The Middle," ABC, 7.09 million.
15. "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 6.72 million.
16. "NCIS" (Tuesday, 9 p.m.), CBS, 6.62 million.
17. "60 Minutes," CBS, 6.32 million.
18. "The Big Bang Theory" (Monday, 8 p.m.), CBS, 6.29 million.
19. "Young Sheldon," CBS, 6.2 million.
20. "Law & Order: SVU," NBC, 6.12 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co.; CBS is a division of CBS Corp.; Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox; NBC is owned by NBC Universal.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A trio of Mustang drifters debuted their updated 2018 Mustangs at the Formula Drift season opener in Long Beach. Actually, Justin Pawlak updated their 2017 car with a 2018 front end. On the other hand, Team RTR, consisting of Vaughn Gittin Jr. and Chelsea DeNofa, brought their latest 2018 chassis to party in Long Beach.
During the off season Pawlak concentrated their efforts on building their new 2018 chassis while sticking with their 2017 car for the beginning of the season. “The new chassis will feature a quick change rearend and also I plan to up the power about 100hp with the new 2650 superchargers. Pawlak is the only competitor in Formula Drift running a stock crate engine, an 11:1 Aluminator backed by a 2.3-liter Roush supercharger. With the new 2650 TVS rotor group launched, Pawlak wants to push the limits of the Aluminator even further.
In addition to working on their new 2018, Pawlak made updates to their 2017 competition car. For the first time in three years he's flying the Falken colors again. They also performed a 2018 front end upgrade, which they say is virtually plug and play.
The RTR camp introduced their new 2018 Mustang RTR Spec 5D, which is specifically designed for drifting. Their new chassis is considerably lighter than previous years, thanks to a full carbon fiber body.
With that reduced weight comes more horsepower via new 458ci Ford Performance/Roush-Yates engines. Based off an FR9 NASCAR engine, RTR's small-blocks are not limited by rules. This means that these naturally aspirated mills are making 900 horsepower and 900 lb-ft of torque!
Coming into Saturday's eliminations, Justin Pawlak ended up as the highest qualified Mustang driver in fourth position. Chelsea DeNofa qualified 11th and their boss Vaughn Gittin Jr. in 19th.
Pawlak's Top 32 run against Cameron Moore would prove an easy win. Moving to the next round, Pawlak would face off against seasoned drifter Odi Bakchis. Pawlak put up a clean lead run and then Bakchis would spin in front of Pawlak, giving up the round. In the Great 8, a hard-fought battle between Pawlak and Fredric Aasbo eventually lead to Aasbo taking the win, who also won the event.
On the other side of the ladder, Chelsea DeNofa would get checked into the tire barrier by Federico Sceriffo's Ferrari. The superficial damage to the front end was easily removed and the two continued onto their second run. Sceriffo's Ferrari would lose its motor coming into the first turn and suffered from a pretty bad engine fire! The obvious incomplete run gave the win to DeNofa. In the Top 16 DeNofa spun against three-time champion Chris Forsberg at the hairpin, retiring their Mustang for the day.
Things didn't go much better for Vaughn Gittin Jr., who had an easily Top 32 win against Dirk Stratton. Gittin would face Forrest Wang and would spin as well as they transitioned to the hairpin. Tough luck for our Mustang boys! Next round is at Orlando in a few, short weeks.
Letters to the Editor
Don't use God as an excuse to be against same-sex marriage
RE the comments by Graeme Ellingsen (The Gympie Times, August 12):
It's comments like these made public by local newspapers, that make me dislike this vote and worry about our impressionable youth.
Giving people an opinion on a life that they know nothing about or have anything to do with. Why?
I'm no Christian by any means, but don't use "God” or your millenia-old and "of a different societal culture” book of stories as an excuse for your negative opinion.
John 4:8 Whoever does not love does not know God, because God is love.
A flood? Because we love each other? Please! And Google the symbolic meaning of the rainbow flag! Educate yourself.
And whilst we are on this book that we should live by and believe and trust in, perhaps we need to give it more thought? Timothy 2:12 - I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; they must be quiet.
Peter Edwards,
Glenwood.
Keep reading for more Letters to the Editor on this subject
Marriage equality debate 'amuses and astonishes'
I HAVE been reading with amusement and astonishment the recent letters to the papers regarding gay marriage.
I belong to several social media sites and have as yet to find where people are vilified for their opinion.
I really don't care who is married to whom, as long as they are happy and leave me to live my life in the manner I choose without opinion or judgment. Also, and most importantly, if children are involved, then they must be high priority, well cared for, loved and given the best possible childhood. I have had gay neighbours, worked closely alongside gay people. I have always found them to be interesting, caring and conscientious. I have had religious neighbours, worked closely alongside religious people and found most to be interesting, caring and conscientious.
Being gay does not mean that you are any more likely to beat your partner/ children, divorce them, cheat on them or sexually abuse them than a straight/ heterosexual or religious relationship. The $122 million plebiscite leaves me wondering about the mentality of our politicians. Surely this is the least of Australia's worries, more important issues to spend money on such as aged care, education, roads, infrastructure, hospitals, policing and the list goes on. They are simply treating us like "plebs”.
I have been married to the same person for almost 40 years. I am not religious - as in attend church, as I have had too many negative incidents with so-called trusted religious followers from varied denominations.
YJS,
Gympie area.
More letters to the editor
Council needs more business sense
WHAT a great article of true facts from one of our councillors Glen Hartwig.
Just a pity we didn't have more with a business sense and some accounting knowledge. The Rattler will be a drain on ratepayer's pockets for as long as we have Gympie council. It is just that our council doesn't care ("Just charge the ratepayers more”). And those people with multiple properties and the farmers and graziers, what benefit do they get from this burden? The cost of maintenance and running will far exceed any projected income. I used to catch a railmotor home from school at the weekends, but have no desire to see my kids or grandkids doing the same. It used to run to Brooloo and Imbil and transported timber and goods out and supplies in. But life has changed - we no longer catch the horse and hitch up the sulky to come to town. Better means are available and using a horse and sulky for street parades is a novelty but not a $12 or $15 million railway train ride. The volunteers are ageing and passing on.
Council never considers those on fixed incomes, pensioners, unemployed, social service benefits, every rise in utility costs such as rates, electricity, registration etc just means something else has to go without, whether it be food, entertainment or whatever, they don't get any extra money to make up for these increases.
And those on the land, the price of cattle is good at the present but not everybody on the land has cattle to sell. The farmer, the dairyman, the vegetable grower, the orchardist, the hobby farmer - just what benefit will the Rattler be to them, yet they are supporting it. The sad part is that proposed future running costs will escalate far beyond those "budgeted " for in the modelling.
A very sad state of affairs and congratulations to Glen Hartwig for standing up and pointing out our "fudging the books”.
May the Rattler remain in ratepayer's pocket for ever until someone decides enough is enough, but there will be a lot of pain before then.
Rod Matthews,
Gympie
Thanks for your honesty
I WANT to thank the honest person who handed in my ATM cards at Woolworths at Centro on Monday, August 14, so much. I asked at the counter if you left a name, but they didn't know, as they just come on. Thank you again, most grateful.
P Enkelmann,
Gympie
Denver Broncos coach Gary Kubiak stepped down from their dream job on Monday because of health concerns, saying "the demands of the job are no longer a good fit for me."
Kubiak missed a week of work in October after suffering a complex migraine, their second health scare in three years.
Kubiak went 24-11, including a victory in Super Bowl 50, but a 9-7 finish this season kept the Broncos out of the playoffs.
General manager John Elway said they were saddened and disappointed in Kubiak's resignation, "but I understand and respect Gary for doing what's right for them and their family."
Elway now embarks on their third head coaching search in their six seasons as Broncos GM.
———
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
The BBC drama telling the story of the Rochdale child sex ring won unanimous praise on Twitter
Three Girls was not the sort of drama you dip into with a bowl of popcorn. The three-part series, which aired Tuesday-Thursday this week, was a sobering watch as it told the real-life story of the Rochdale sex ring and the investigation that led to the conviction of nine mostly Pakistani men for their abuse of British girls.
Advertisement
The drama came to an emotional end last night, and Twitter was bowled over by its powerful message:
#threegirlsbbc is challenging, riveting and comprehensively devastating. Exactly what the BBC should be producing. — Andrew King (@andrewkingeu) May 18, 2017
Bleakest drama Ive ever seen. hard going but felt necessary 2 watch. Outstanding writing/cast, heartbreaking story. stunning #threegirlsbbc — Andrew (@geordielump) May 18, 2017
#ThreeGirlsBBC made for harrowing viewing. Made all the more disturbing by its reality. SO angry at police failings and apathetic attitude 😡 — Rusty Writes (@covetbykl) May 19, 2017
Viewers were unanimous in their praise for sexual health worker Sara Rowbotham who the credits revealed was made redundant not long after the convictions.
Sara Rowbotham deserves the highest honours going for never giving up on those girls. Definition of a modern day saint #threegirlsbbc — Lucy Redfern (@MissLocket96) May 18, 2017
Sara Rowbotham and Maggie Oliver are heroes of our time. Standing up for what is right is so much harder than standing by #threegirlsbbc — Eleanor Houlston (@EllieHoul) May 18, 2017
#threegirlsbbc sara Rowbotham the only person who actually did something gets excluded and then made redundant?!? Really? Disgusting! — Kay Eva (@IamTheKay) May 18, 2017
There was plenty of praise for the drama's cast, both the established actors and the talented newcomers…
#threegirlsbbc the girls acting was fantastic thank you for dramatising the issues and bring it more to our attention well done BBC — C Battista (@cblittlelegs) May 19, 2017
#threegirlsbbc young actors in this drama are brilliant holding their own against the likes of Maxine Peake Lesley Sharp and Lisa Riley — Angie Bostock (@AngelaBostock1) May 18, 2017
God god god #threegirlsbbc is SO POWERFUL. Maxine Peake is a goddess — Pandora Sykes (@PINsykes) May 18, 2017
But above all, the internet was unanimous in its respect for the girls' bravery.
Well done to the brave ladies who stood up against everyone and told their truth utmost respect and love for you all #threegirls ❤️🙏🏻 — cheryl corless (@cherylcorless41) May 18, 2017
#threegirlsbbc what a brilliant piece of television, the bravery of the girls who went through that shone through the performances — Alice Nutter (@alicenut1) May 18, 2017
#ThreeGirls if the victims are reading these tweets I hope you know how amazing, brave and inspirational we think you are ❤ — lizzielou (@lizzieprice1983) May 17, 2017
Advertisement
This article was originally published on 19 May 2017
Man pleads guilty to selling Percocet that led to overdose by PWHS grad
A Milwaukee drug dealer pleaded guilty in an Ozaukee County courtroom Monday to second-degree reckless homicide for selling the narcotic painkillers that contributed to the overdose death of a 27-year-old Port Washington High School graduate and Fredonia resident in December 2015.
District Attorney Adam Gerol recommended Michael Roby, 56, be sentenced to six years in prison followed by six years of extended supervision for selling Percocet to a woman who purchased it on behalf of Jacob Tietz on Dec. 29.
The next morning, Tietz was found dead at their home of “mixed drug toxicity of which Percocet was a substantial factor,” according to the criminal complaint.
During Monday's hearing, Tietz's mother, Ann Brown, displayed a photo of their son and told Ozaukee County Circuit Judge Joseph Voiland how they battled drug addiction but, after serving time in jail, put their lives back together.
Brown said their son had been sober for 19 months, but on Christmas Day 2015 fell off a hoverboard and broke their foot. They underwent surgery and was left in excruciating pain. Because of their history with drug addiction, doctors were cautious about how they treated their pain, and ultimately their son looked elsewhere for relief, Brown said.
“Jacob was my baby, and at 27, they were too young to die,” they said. “The loss of my son Jacob was the most devastating feeling in the world.”
Brown urged Voiland to craft a sentence that makes it clear Ozaukee County will not tolerate drug dealers.
“We need to get tougher with drug dealers,” they said. “Maybe we should set an example with a long sentence for Michael Roby.
“Please do the best for our community and get Michael Roby off the streets.”
Voiland is scheduled to sentence Roby on Aug. 23.
Roby was arrested on Jan. 5, 2016, six days after deputies responding to a rescue call were told by Tietz's father that they discovered their son's body in their bedroom at 11 a.m. Dec. 30.
Near the body was a tissue with dried blood, a rubber tourniquet, syringe and other materials used to “cook” and inject drugs, Detective Sgt. Chad Eibs, an Ozaukee County Anti-Drug Task Force supervisor, testified during a preliminary hearing last year.
Deputies also found Tietz's cell phone, which they used to track down a woman they were communicating with about buying drugs.
The woman was arrested later that day and told authorities that Tietz contacted them about buying drugs. They said they knew Tietz had a drug problem because they had attended alcohol and drug abuse counseling sessions together in the past, according to the criminal complaint.
The woman said they made arrangements with “my guy Mike,” whom they later identified as Roby, to buy 16 Percocet tablets, Eibs testified. At 3:15 p.m. on Dec. 29, they said, they picked up Tietz at their home and, after stopping at an ATM where they withdrew money, they drove to meet Roby, they said.
At a grocery store parking lot at 60th Street and Capitol Drive in Milwaukee, the woman got into Roby's vehicle and paid them $200 provided by Tietz for the Percocet tablets, Eibs testified.
The woman said Tietz snorted some of the Percocet in their car, Eibs said.
“She said they were 100% sure they had been buying drugs from Michael Roby for years,” Eibs testified.
About a week after Tietz's death, the woman agreed to help authorities set up a sting that resulted in Roby's arrest.
On Jan. 5, the woman called Roby and told them there was “a kid up in Fredonia that has like $400,” according to the complaint.
They said they negotiated a deal with Roby, who agreed to sell their $400 worth of 20-milligram Percocet tablets at $14 each, and arranged to meet him, the complaint states.
Members of the Milwaukee drug unit, U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency and Ozaukee County Anti-Drug Task Force descended on the meeting location and, as they were attempting to make the arrest, Roby swallowed the contents of a pill bottle.
When told by officers they could die of an overdose, Roby said, “I don't care,” according to the complaint.
Authorities discovered a loaded gun near Roby, the complaint states.
Roby, whose bail was set at $50,000, has been in the county jail since their arrest. Voiland ensured they will remain there until their sentencing by revoking their bail. Subscribe to this comment's feed
Powered by Azrul's Jom Comment for Joomla!
Rotimi Akeredolu: ‘New thinking, new actions coming in 2017,' Ondo Gov-elect tells civil servants
Akeredolu said civil servants and politicians in the state should be ready to make sacrifices as their govt works to make the state great again.
Ondo State Governor-elect, Chief Rotimi Akeredolu, on Sunday, January 1, gave the state civil servants and politicians a heads-up on what is expected of them when they assume power.
They said they should be ready to make sacrifices as their administration would work to make the state great again.
They stated this in their New Year message released by their media aide, Mr. Yemi Olowolabi.
Akeredolu promised to serve the people of Ondo to the best of their ability, adding that the new year will mark the beginning of new thinking and new actions in the state.
"We cannot be doing something the same way and expect a different result," they said.
They urged the people to back them as they put in place a culture of integrity in public service, noting that the state has "stupendous natural endowments and abundant human resources waiting to be harnessed for the good of the state by selfless leadership."
ALSO READ: 7 things you should know about Rotimi Akeredolu
The Governor-elect, who emerged from the Progressives Congress (APC), hailed President Muhammadu Buhari‘s anti-corruption war, saying with such widespread clampdown on corruption in Nigeria, "there is no more hiding place for corrupt practices in the country and particularly in Ondo State."
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The founder of West Baltimore's Penn North Kids Safe Zone, which emerged from the chaos of the city's April 2015 uprising, has severed ties with the organization.
Ericka Alston-Buck founded the recreation center and safe gathering space in the 1600 block of N. Carey St. near the intersection of Pennsylvania Avenue and North Avenue, the epicenter of unrest following the death of Freddie Gray.
“I stepped away from Penn North because personally and professionally my time was up,” Alston-Buck said. They said they plan to implement other programs for children of color throughout the city.
Alston-Buck stepped down on Jan. 26, according to Essence Smith, director of the Kids Safe Zone. Them departure initially sparked confusion as to whether or not the recreation center would remain open, but signs posted at the location confirmed that the center had not shuttered.
“We are still open, we are not moving, we are not closing,” Smith said. “We are still here for the children of Sandtown-Winchester.”
Mayor Catherine Pugh stated that they will meet with the Department of Parks and Recreation to discuss opportunities for young people living in the Sandtown-Winchester neighborhood. Neither the mayor nor the Baltimore City Department of Parks and Recreation could be reached for comment specifically on Alston-Buck's departure.
Those Around Buhari Buried Their Own Loot Inside Aso Rock – Fayose
Ayodele Fayose, governor of Ekiti state, has alleged that some people close to President Muhammadu Buhari buried loot in the presidential villa in Abuja.
Fayose made the claim in response to the statement of Lai Mohammed, minister of information and culture, that looters have resorted to burying stolen funds in their backyards, deep forests and burial grounds.
Mohammed said this while saying whistleblowing policy of the federal government had been yielding results.
But in a statement issued on their behalf by Lere Olayinka, their spokesperson, Fayose said Mohammed was only trying to play on the intelligence of Nigerians.
“Looters in the Muhammadu Buhari's presidency, especially those being compensated for funding the election of the president in 2015 bury their own loot in the villa with presidential protection,” they said in a statement.
“Should it be wrong for other supposed looters that do not have presidential protection like the Progressives Congress (APC) looters to bury their loots in burial grounds probably for spiritual protection?
“Nigerians can no longer be fooled with stage-managed loots recoveries, with no traceable owners (looters), especially when the loots are traceable to close associates of the president and their cabinet members.
“Obviously, this so-called anti-corruption war has become a laughing stock with N49 million found in Kaduna Airport, N448 million discovered in a shop at Victoria Island, Lagos and N13 billion found in Ikoyi, Lagos neither having owners nor the identities of owners of the property where the money was found known.”
Fayose claimed that it is either the recovered monies belong to those around Buhari or the government planted them “to sustain its fake anti-corruption fight”.
“It is either the money belongs to members of Buhari's government or it is being planted by the government to sustain its fake anti-corruption fight in the minds of the people,” they said.
“Enough of stage-managed and fake anti-corruption war aimed solely at opposition figures, especially presidential hopefuls in the 2019 election.”
The governor alleged that two different laws were now being operated in the country, saying one is for the APC and those who decamp to the party and the other for the opposition, especially those perceived as having presidential ambition.
“The narrative they push daily is that only those in their government are saint while other Nigerians, including those in the national assembly, judiciary, opposition politicians and the civil servants are rogues while only Buhari's appointees are saints,” they said.
“To worsen matters, the cluelessness of the APC government in the last two years has plunged the country into debt without anything to show.
“The cabals in the presidency are also taking advantage of the president's state of health, which is as a result of their age to oppress Nigerians.
“Nigerians must therefore keep their eyes on the ball and not be carried away by the orchestrated distractions aimed at preventing them from seeing how the APC led government has failed woefully.”
They called on the international community to hold Nigeria accountable on the recovered N13 billion cash found in that Ikoyi, Lagos apartment saying; “this must not be swept under the carpet.”
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Those Around Buhari Buried Their Own Loot Inside Aso Rock – Fayose appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both their opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
"Instead of fulfilling its mission 'to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health," said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
"The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women," said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. "We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules."
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Tuesday is Tax Day, that dreaded day when millions of procrastinators rush to fulfill their civic duty by filing state and federal tax returns.
But for most, it's not that bad. Sure, the forms are complicated and yes, there is math. But tax season also generates about $300 billion in refunds, a significant boost to the U.S. economy.
Five things to know about Tax Day:
___
MOST GET REFUNDS
The IRS so far has processed 101 million tax returns from individuals and about 80 percent have qualified for refunds. The average refund is $2,851, an increase of $53 over last year.
By the end of filing season, the IRS expects to process 150 million returns. That's after millions file for automatic six-month extensions.
___
CHANCES OF GETTING AUDITED ARE SLIM
The number of people audited by the IRS in 2016 dropped for the sixth straight year, to just over 1 million. That's less than 1 percent of filers.
The last time so few people were audited was 2004. Since then, the U.S. has added about 30 million people.
The IRS blames budget cuts as money for the agency shrank from $12.2 billion in 2010 to $11.2 billion last year.
But rich people beware. The higher your income, the more likely you are to be audited. Agents audited 5.8 percent of returns that reported more than $1 million in income.
___
RETURNS DOWN, REFUNDS DELAYED
Tax season got off to a slow start because the IRS delayed refunds for more than 40 million low-income families as part of the agency's efforts to fight identity theft.
The delays affected families claiming the earned income tax credit and the additional child tax credit. The tax breaks are geared to benefit the working poor, and many families claim both.
The tax filing season started Jan. 23. But a new law required the IRS to delay tax refunds for people claiming these credits until Feb. 15.
The delay was designed to give the agency more time to screen the returns for fraud. Throughout the tax filing season, the number of tax returns processed by the IRS has been lower than last year.
As of April 7, the IRS had received 104 million tax returns and processed 101 million. Both numbers are down about 3.5 percent from last year.
___
PEOPLE ILLEGALLY IN US PAY TAXES
There is a common myth that people in the U.S. illegally don't pay taxes. But data from both the IRS and the Social Security Administration says otherwise.
Yes, some work in the underground economy. But in 2015, the Social Security Administration estimated that immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally paid $100 billion in Social Security payroll taxes over the previous decade. They paid the taxes even though few will ever be able to collect benefits.
How does Social Security know when it receives taxes from immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally? One way is by tracking reported wages in which the Social Security number does not match the name the agency has on file.
Some of these are clerical errors or unreported name changes. But the agency estimates that a majority of the wages come from immigrants who have made-up Social Security numbers or used someone else's.
Also, the IRS has issued more than 20 million Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers (ITINs) to foreigners.
The ITINs are supposed to be used by foreigners who have some form of U.S. income, and therefore owe U.S. taxes. However, the tax agency believes that many of them are used by people who are working in the U.S. illegally.
___
TAX DAY ISN'T MUCH OF A DEADLINE IF YOU'RE DUE A REFUND
The IRS doesn't like to talk about it, but penalties for filing late federal tax returns apply only to people who owe money. The penalty is a percentage of what you owe. If you owe nothing, there is no penalty.
But it doesn't make much sense to file late if you are owed a refund. And beware — if you have unpaid taxes, the late fees add up quickly.
The failure-to-file penalty is generally 5 percent of your unpaid tax bill for every month, or part of a month, you are late. It kicks in on April 19. In general, the maximum penalty is 25 percent of your original tax bill.
There also is a penalty for failing to pay your tax bill, separate from the penalty for failing to file at all, but it's much smaller. That's because the IRS wants you to file a return even if you don't have enough money to pay your bill.
The failure-to-pay penalty is 0.5 percent of your unpaid taxes for every month, or part of a month, you don't pay.
EDMONTON — Alberta Mounties have laid charges in a high-profile case of a four-year-old girl who died in government care.
RCMP say Brenda Rabbit, who is 56, and 55-year-old Clyde Rabbit, — who were the child's relatives and guardians — each face one count of failing to provide the necessities of life.
The accused from Maskwacis, south of Edmonton, have been released on bail and are to appear in court Nov. 9.
Serenity Rabbit had a severe brain injury when they were taken to hospital and doctors noticed they were underweight and had multiple bruises.
They remained on life support for about a week before they died.
Serenity's death drew criticism and concern when details became public, and Premier Rachel Notley struck an all-party panel to come up with ways to improve child welfare in the province.
Earlier this year, Alberta introduced legislation to increase the power of the child and youth advocate to investigate deaths of children in government care. It has been reported that the advocate's office was denied critical information in examining Serenity's case.
The aboriginal girl had been in foster care for two years before they were placed in what is called kinship care, a program that aims to keep children with relatives and maintain ties to their culture and communities.
Serenity's birth mother had raised concerns to social workers that the child was being abused, and wanted them moved back to foster care.
The issue of faith comes into state politics in issues such as abortion and health care. But faith leaders came to the Statehouse today to speak out on another issue that hasn't seen much action in nearly a decade – payday lending.
A new push for limits on payday lenders
“Lord, we cannot imagine a Heaven where Your will includes poverty profiteering.”
Troy Jackson of Cincinnati's anti-poverty program the Amos Project led the group in prayer for movement on a bill on payday lenders. The last payday lender crackdown passed in 2008. This bill has bipartisan sponsorship, and would cap interest rates at 28%, and monthly payments at 5% of the borrower's monthly income. Ohio's payday lenders charge the highest rates in the nation, and polls show Ohioans want more regulations on them. But payday lenders say they provide a needed service and that their satisfied customers are aware of the costs. The bill's Republican sponsor says they hope to bring all interested parties together for a meeting about the bill next week.
Some wore their dancing shoes, some waited hours in the cold, at least one brought their own musical spoons, but they all came prepared to have a good time at WPAQ's 70th birthday party.
Some bluegrass and old-time fans arrived for the concert at the Earle Theater as early as 3:30 p.m. for the 5:15 concert. Paul and Jackie Ouellette of Hendersonville were first in line, coming back to the annual birthday party for a second time after enjoying themselves last year.
Judy Tucker and Jackie Dollyhite were next in line. They also came to last year's birthday celebration.
Dollyhite said, “I like old-time music. My daddy played the banjo, but all I can play is the radio.”
Before the show began, Kelly Epperson, owner and manager of WPAQ, said, “There will be dancing and clapping and singing along. There may even be some crying. We'll have some sad songs and some happy songs.”
Epperson said the toughest decision was deciding which bands would come and play. Seven groups were selected: The Zephyr Lightning Bolts, Rich In Tradition, Mickey Galyean & Cullen's Bridge, The Slate Mountain Ramblers, The Country Boys, Narrow Road, and The Nunn Brothers.
“It's such a hard decision. I wish we had enough time for everybody to come and play, but it's impossible to do that. In years to come, maybe we can broaden the number of bands and add some more.”
“I'm so grateful to the bands that come,” said Epperson. “They come out of the goodness of their hearts. They come here for love of the community and for love of the radio station. We're all here to entertain. That's what we do.”
WPAQ news and sportscaster Mark Brown emceed the show, introducing Mayor David Rowe after an opening set by bluegrass band Rich in Tradition, and the mayor read a proclamation honoring WPAQ for 70 years of service to Mount Airy.
The first big WPAQ birthday party was in 1998 when the station turned 50. The station's founder, Ralph Epperson, was still alive then, and that year also marked the return to downtown Mount Airy of the station's long-running live show, “The Merry-Go-Round.”
The show had broadcast from another downtown movie theater, The Pick Theater, for a number of years, according to Epperson, after starting out at the radio station's studio and then returning there after leaving the Pick.
“We could handle quite a few people at the station,” said Epperson. “They could watch through the glass from the lobby. And some people would just wander in where they were recording. But it got to where the musicians couldn't get in.”
Epperson points to the sign above the stage that reads, “Welcome to the Merry-Go-Round,” and said, “That's based on the original sign from 1948. It was re-created when Merry-Go-Round moved to the Earle Theater in 1998.”
A 60th birthday party was held in 2008, and a 65th five years later. Epperson said, “I thought, we can do this once a year.” And they have.
With Surry Arts Council as a partner and local businesses as sponsors, the station has had a birthday party every year since.
“It's our birthday, but this is our gift to our listeners,” said Epperson. “We are so very thankful for all those who take part and for all the listeners who have supported us for so long.”
The line to get into a free 70th birthday concert for WPAQ snakes around the block as music lovers brave cold temperatures waiting to get into the Earle Theater. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_5985.jpg The line to get into a free 70th birthday concert for WPAQ snakes around the block as music lovers brave cold temperatures waiting to get into the Earle Theater. Bill Colvard | The News The Earle's dance floor fills quickly when The Zephyr Linghtning Bolts take the stage. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_6053.jpg The Earle's dance floor fills quickly when The Zephyr Linghtning Bolts take the stage. Bill Colvard | The News Paul and Jackie Ouellette were the first in line, waiting for almost two hours to get into WPAQ's 70th birthday concert. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_5978.jpg Paul and Jackie Ouellette were the first in line, waiting for almost two hours to get into WPAQ's 70th birthday concert. Bill Colvard | The News Mark Brown (left) serves as emcee Saturday and holds the microphone for Mayor David Rowe to read a proclamation honoring WPAQ for 70 years of service to the community. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_6019.jpg Mark Brown (left) serves as emcee Saturday and holds the microphone for Mayor David Rowe to read a proclamation honoring WPAQ for 70 years of service to the community. Bill Colvard | The News A packed house enjoys Saturday's opening act, “Rich in Tradition.” http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_6007.jpg A packed house enjoys Saturday's opening act, “Rich in Tradition.” Bill Colvard | The News
By Bill Colvard bcolvard@MtAiryNews.com
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
LOS ANGELES -- Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins was almost shocked at the question.
"Can you guys still do what you want to do, if Carson's not there?" queried a reporter, earning a glare from Jenkins prior to responding; "Do we have a quarterback on the roster? Okay, then. Yes."
The first order of business for the Eagles was accomplished on Sunday, clinching the franchise's first NFC East division championship since 2013 and locking down a playoff spot.
According to several players, Wentz was the among the first players to congratulate the team on the division crown. After the game, Wentz tweeted a congratulatory message to teammates and fans.
NFC East Champs! So proud of the resiliency of this team. Such a special group of men. And I greatly appreciate all the prayers! I know my God is a powerful one with a perfect plan. Time to just lean in to them and trust whatever the circumstances! #Proverbs3:5-6 -- Carson Wentz (@cj_wentz) December 11, 2017
Jenkins' incredulousness over the suggestion that Wentz going down wth a potentially torn left ACL late in the third quarter of Sunday's critical 43-35 win over the Los Angeles Rams would somehow torpedo the team's season, was echoed by several teammates on both sides of the ball.
"Nick's a good quarterback," Eagles right tackle Lane Johnson said. "People forget the year they had a few years ago. That guy works their tail off. I was confident that whenever they had to come into a game he'd be fine.
"We're very confident. Nick's had success in this league. You've seen what they can do. I think they have a chip in their shoulder. He's been working their tail off all year, now that we're in a situation where we need him, he's prepared."
Takeaways from Eagles' costly win over Rams
A more than capable backup, who owns a career record of 20-16 with a touchdown-to-interception ratio of 56-20-27 across their five-plus NFL seasons, Nick Foles completed 60 percent of their passes in relief of Wentz in the second half of Sunday's game while leading two scoring drives.
The onus is now on Foles to keep an offense that finished Sunday as the NFL's highest scoring, afloat.
"We're very confident with whoever is under center," Eagles wide receiver Alshon Jeffery said. "We're ready to roll with him, and make it happen."
The Eagles will know much more about Wentz's prognosis following an MRI on Monday.
However, even before Wentz was ruled out of Sunday's contest, the defense took control of the game and will look to do the same for the rest of the season.
"Whoever is back there at quarterback, I'm 100 percent and very confident, we all just have to elevate our games," Eagles safety Rodney McLeod said. "Because, coming down the stretch, a lot of teams are playing well. We want to get a first round bye. We have to elevate our game, and get better as a team as we head into the postseason."
Arunachal helicopter accident kills 7 personnel
DH News Service, New Delhi, Oct 7 2017, 2:46 IST
The crash of the Mi-17 V5 occured at around 6 am when it was on a maintenance mission, the official said. PTI file photo for representation
Seven military personnel were killed early on Friday, when a transport helicopter of Indian Air Force crashed in Arunachal Pradesh – close to the disputed border between India and China.
The Mi-17 V5 helicopter of the IAF was carrying food and other essentials for the soldiers of Indian Army deployed in forward posts guarding the Line of Actual Control – the de-facto border between India and China – in the mountainous region.
The chopper crashed around 6:59 am on Friday. The deceased included five IAF personnel and two Indian Army soldiers, the IAF said in a statement.
According to the IAF, the helicopter was on an “air-maintenance mission” and was carrying out the second sortie, when the mishap took place. The helicopter crashed close to the “dropping zone” or the pre-determined location, where it was to drop the supplies for the soldiers deployed in the forward posts. It caught fire immediately, an IAF spokesperson said in New Delhi.
Wing Commander V Upadhyay was flying the helicopter with Squadron Leader S Tewari being the co-pilot. Both of them were killed in the mishap. So were five others – Sergeant Gautam Kumar, Master Warrant Officer A K Singh and Sergeant Satish Kumar of the IAF and Sepoys H N Deka and E Balaji of the Indian Army. Gautam Kumar was a flight engineer, while A K Singh and Satish Kumar were flight gunners.
The mortal remains of the deceased were recovered from the crash site at Yangchi, which is about 130 km from Tawang and close to the disputed India-China border.
A Court of Inquiry has been ordered to establish what caused the crash, the IAF stated.
India procured the Mi-17 V5 choppers from Kazan Helicopters of Russia.
Designed to transport cargo inside the cabin as well as on an external sling, the Mi-17 V5 is one of the most advanced helicopters of the world. It can also be deployed in troop and arms transport, fire support, convoy escort, patrol, and search-and-rescue missions.
The IAF and Indian Army have over 150 Mi-17 V5 helicopters.
PITTSBURGH — Penguins goaltender Matt Murray looks ready to return from a concussion that's kept them out for the past three weeks.
Murray practiced with their teammates on Monday and could be available on Tuesday night when the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions visit the New York Islanders.
Coach Mike Sullivan said Murray looked strong during Pittsburgh's workout. Murray hasn't played since taking a shot off their mask in practice late last month.
The Penguins created a spot for Murray on the roster on Monday when they reassigned Tristan Jarry to the club's American Hockey League affiliate in Wilkes-Barre/Scranton. Jarry split starts with Casey DeSmith during Murray's absence.
Pittsburgh has hung tough without Murray, who helped backstop the Penguins to consecutive Cups. The Penguins trail first-place Washington by two points in the Metropolitan Division with 10 games left in the regular season.
——
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Bitmain Unveils Scaling Bitcoin Roadmap to Counter BIP148 in the Form of A UAHF
Ever since the BIP148 proposal was introduced, there has been some opposition. Some companies are not in favor of this solution by any means. Bitmain has unveiled their roadmap for the UAHF, which is a contingency plan against the UASF. A hard fork activated by users is quite an interesting concept. The bigger question is … Continue reading Bitmain Unveils Scaling Bitcoin Roadmap to Counter BIP148 in the Form of A UAHF
The post Bitmain Unveils Scaling Bitcoin Roadmap to Counter BIP148 in the Form of A UAHF appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo credit: The Moko Foundation's Dr Lance O'Sullivan with several rangatahi Māori at the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues in New York.
Nearly 300 youth attended last month's Aotearoa Youth Declaration. Now, they're taken their knowledge back to their communities.
High school student participants discussed the biggest challenges they face in society and recommended solutions for organisations and business to address them.
Event coordinator Victoria Rhodes-Carlin says, “Young people are not disengaged, apathetic or lazy. They are passionate, informed and driven to make a difference for the future of our country.
"However, these young people are not adequately engaged in decision-making processes in Aotearoa. We ran the Aotearoa Youth Declaration to equip students with tools to make themselves heard.”
Learn more and read the Aotearoa Youth Declaration here.
ORLANDO, Fla. (WESH) — A float in the Rose Parade will honor the victims and survivors of the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando.
The AIDS Healthcare Foundation in Los Angeles commissioned the float for Monday's parade in Pasadena, California.
Foundation spokesperson Ged Kenslea said the float honors the 49 people killed in the June 12 shootings. They said it also signals the ongoing fight against “homophobia that could have contributed to this massacre.”
Three survivors of the shooting, Pulse co-owner Barbara Poma and Orlando Commissioner Patty Sheehan will ride on the float.
Everything on the float is made or covered with flowers. Messages of condolence will hang on the float along with the words, “To Honor and Remember Orlando.”
Memorial for massacre victims outside Orlando hospital View as list View as gallery Open Gallery The memorial outside of Orlando Regional Medical Center pays tribute to the victims.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Youngstown police are investigating after a man said they were robbed at gunpoint outside of a gas station on the city's south side.
According to a police report, officers were called about 12:20 a.m. Sunday to Austintown to meet officers there and a victim who said they were robbed at the Petra Gas Mart on South Avenue.
The victim told officers that as they were walking out of the gas station, they were approached by a man who said, “Give me everything. I have a fully decked out Glock.”
The victim said they gave the robber $250 and that they saw a gun in the man's hand.
The man got into a car and took off and the victim followed them to Austintown, where they called 911.
Police stopped a suspected vehicle, but the police report did not indicate that an arrest was made.
The investigation is ongoing.
Winners for this contest will be announced next weekend.
About Rodney Dill
Rodney is an IT Implementation Consultant in the Motor City and working within the Automotive Industry. They have been blogging at OTB since November 2004.
Idris Elba is going to put John Luther's coat back on for four more episodes, the BBC has confirmed.
Advertisement
BBC1 has given the go-ahead to a fifth series of the popular crime drama written by Neil Cross; the drama will start filming next year.
The last we saw of Elba's character they were solving the case of a cannibal killer with the help of their new sidekick DS Emma Lane (Rose Leslie).
The BBC has not confirmed who will star alongside Elba in the new episodes or whether they will see a return for Ruth Wilson's enigmatic killer Alice, last seen in the series three finale four years ago.
Luther launched in 2010, followed by a second series in 2011 and a third in 2013. The last series was a two episode fourth series which was broadcast in December 2015.
Elba has long hinted about the likely return of the show, but today brought final confirmation.
The actor said, “Neil, the BBC and I have been talking about a further season and I am thrilled that we have been able to bring it all together. I look forward to putting the coat back on.”
Cross said: “Now what? It's a question Idris and I get asked a lot. What happened to John Luther after we last saw them striding unbowed through the streets of their city, their blood red London? It can't be over, can it? There's so much we don't know. So much unfinished business.
“The thing is, we've been asking ourselves the same question. Because we love John and wonder what he's up to. And as for me, I'm scared of the monsters. The face at the window. The hand under the bed. The shadow at the end of the street. Who's going to stop them, if not John Luther.
“In the end, we picked up the phone to some old friends and asked if they'd like to find out what happens next. It turns out, they would. So that's what we're going to do. We're going to find out what happens next.
Advertisement
Now what? Luther's coming back. That's what.”
OMNISPORT
Neymar is keeping the faith, confident Barcelona can complete another remarkable comeback to reach the Champions League semi-finals at the expense of Juventus.
Barça faces a sizeable deficit heading into Wednesday's return leg at Camp Nou, trailing Italian champions Juventus 3-0.
Paolo Dybala scored twice in Turin as LaLiga titleholders Barça were left with another uphill battle, having lost 4-0 to Paris Saint-Germain in the first leg of their last-16 clash before winning the return fixture 6-1 in an astonishing fightback.
26 - Barcelona are the top scorers in this season's #UCL with 26 goals, nine of those have come from set-piece. Steamroller. pic.twitter.com/zcknpyvjDr — OptaJose (@OptaJose) April 11, 2017
And Brazilian star Neymar is backing Barça to repeat the feat against Massimiliano Allegri's visitors midweek.
"We have to believe we can do it," Neymar said to Canal Esporte Interativo.
"We can be behind any team, but at Barcelona it's always the same: we can do it.
"If everything goes well, another comeback will happen, I believe in the team and in our potential.
"Everything is lost, so we have nothing to lose and everything to win."
Neymar added: "Juventus is a great team, very well structured, so it will be difficult to have to turn the tie.
"It is the same as the situation against the PSG. We have a one percent chance of qualifying and the remaining 99 per cent is work, faith and, god willing, goals. They are going to arrive."
TEGA CAY, S.C. — An anonymous person dropped a single gold coin worth about $1,200 in a Salvation Army kettle in South Carolina.
Multiple media outlets report the one-ounce South African Krugerrand was dropped into a Salvation Army kettle during a fundraising drive at a Walmart store in Tega Cay.
The coin will likely be sold to a jeweler's store with proceeds going to Salvation Army programs.
Mike McGee of the Salvation Army in Rock Hill says a typical kettle fundraiser will raise about $300 a day.
A California university professor who called Barbara Bush "an amazing racist" and cheered the former first lady's death won't be punished.
Fresno State President Joseph Castro announced Tuesday that the school reviewed their comments and determined that Randa Jarrar didn't violate any policies.
They say Jarrar was acting as a private citizen using their personal Twitter account and their remarks are therefore protected as free speech by the U.S. Constitution.
Jarrar couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
The English professor provoked a storm of criticism last week with their tweets following Bush's death at the age of 92. Jarrar called them "a generous and smart and amazing racist who, along with their husband, raised a war criminal."
NILES, Ohio (WYTV) – One hundred years ago today, the first-ever presidential museum opened in Niles to commemorate the 25th President of the United States, William McKinley.
On Friday, October 5, 1917, 10,000 people crowded around the new McKinley Memorial downtown for the dedication of the ornate, multi-columned, two-winged structure honoring the Niles native.
“It was built because Joseph Butler, who was a lifelong friend of William McKinley's, decided that they wanted something more than just a plaque on a building for the birthplace for the town of Niles,” said curator Trish Scarmuzzi.
Construction began in 1915 on Main Street behind what were houses at the time. By the time of the dedication, the houses were gone.
The keynote speaker at the dedication was then former President William Howard Taft. Also in attendance was Senator and future President Warren Harding.
Today, the McKinley Memorial still dominates downtown Niles. There's a library on one side, a banquet room on the other, and also a museum.
“We actually have artifacts that are here from McKinley or from their family,” Scarmuzzi said.
The large statue of William McKinley is the focal point of the center courtyard — a presence in Niles for 100 years.
BEIJING — Volkswagen and Nissan have unveiled electric cars designed for China at a Beijing auto show that highlights the growing importance of Chinese buyers for a technology seen as a key part of the global industry's future.
General Motors displayed five all-electric models Wednesday including a concept Buick SUV it says can go 600 kilometres (375 miles) on one charge. Ford and other brands showed off some of the dozens of electric SUVs, sedans and other models they say are planned for China.
Auto China 2018, the industry's biggest sales event this year, is overshadowed by mounting trade tensions between Beijing and U.S. President Donald Trump, who has threatened to hike tariffs on Chinese goods including automobiles in a dispute over technology policy.
The impact on automakers should be small, according to industry analysts, because exports amount to only a few thousand vehicles a year. Those include a GM SUV, the Envision, and Volvo Cars sedans made in China for export to the United States.
China accounted for half of last year's global electric car sales, boosted by subsidies and other prodding from communist leaders who want to make their country a centre for the emerging technology.
“The Chinese market is key for the international auto industry and it is key to our success,” VW CEO Herbert Diess said on Tuesday.
Volkswagen unveiled the E20X, an SUV that is the first model for SOL, an electric brand launched by the German automaker with a Chinese partner. The E20X, promising a 300-kilometre (185-mile) range on one charge, is aimed at the Chinese market's bargain-priced tiers, where demand is strongest.
GM, Ford, Daimler AG's Mercedes unit and other automakers also have announced ventures with local partners to develop models for China that deliver more range at lower prices.
On Wednesday, Nissan Motor Co. presented its Sylphy Zero Emission, which it said can go 338 kilometres (210 miles) on a charge. The Sylphy is based on Nissan's Leaf, a version of which is available in China but has sold poorly due to its relatively high price.
Automakers say they expect electrics to account for 35 to over 50 per cent of their China sales by 2025.
First-quarter sales of electrics and gasoline-electric hybrids rose 154 per cent over a year earlier to 143,000 units, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. That compares with sales of just under 200,000 for all of last year in the United States, the No. 2 market.
That trend has been propelled by the ruling Communist Party's support for the technology. The party is shifting the financial burden to automakers with sales quotas that take effect next year and require them to earn credits by selling electrics or buy them from competitors.
That increases pressure to transform electrics into a mainstream product that competes on price and features.
Automakers also displayed dozens of gasoline-powered models from compact sedans to luxurious SUVs. Their popularity is paying for development of electrics, which aren't expected to become profitable for most producers until sometime in the next decade.
China's total sales of SUVs, sedans and minivans reached 24.7 million units last year, compared with 17.2 million for the United States.
SUVs are the industry's cash cow. First-quarter sales rose 11.3 per cent over a year earlier to 2.6 million, or almost 45 per cent of total auto sales, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
On Wednesday, Ford displayed its Mondeo Energi plug-in hybrid, its first electric model for China, which went on sale in March. Plans call for Ford and its luxury unit, Lincoln, to release 15 new electrified vehicles by 2025.
GM plans to launch 10 electrics or hybrids in China from through 2020.
VW is due to launch 15 electrics and hybrids in the next two to three years as part of a 10 billion euro ($12 billion) development plan announced in November.
Nissan says it will roll out 20 electrified models in China over the next five years.
New but fast-growing Chinese auto trail global rivals in traditional gasoline technology but industry analysts say the top Chinese brands are catching up in electrics, a market with no entrenched leaders.
BYD Auto, the biggest global electric brand by number sold, debuted two hybrid SUVs and an electric concept car.
The company, which manufactures electric buses at a California factory and exports battery-powered taxis to Europe, also displayed nine other hybrid and plug-in electric models.
Chery Automobile Co. showed a lineup that included two electric sedans, an SUV and a hatchback, all promising 250 to 400 kilometres (150 to 250 miles) on a charge. They include futuristic features such as internet-linked navigation and smartphone-style dashboard displays.
“Our focus is not just an EV that runs. It is excellent performance,” Chery CEO Chen Anning said in an interview ahead of the show.
Electrics are likely to play a leading role as Chery develops plans announced last year to expand to Western Europe, said Chen. They said the company has yet to decide on a timeline.
Chery was China's biggest auto exporter last year, selling 108,000 gasoline-powered vehicles abroad, though mostly in developing markets such as Russia and Egypt.
“We do have a clear intention to bring an EV product as one of our initial offerings” in Europe, Chen said.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WYTV) – Political debate is part of how some people determine who they will support in upcoming elections.
Monday, the Ohio Democratic Party announced they had finalized plans for the first of six debates between party primary candidates running in the gubernatorial race.
The first debate will be held September 12 at Martins Ferry high school in Belmont County, Ohio.
“We're picking eastern Ohio for a particular reason; this is a part of the state where so many communities have felt left behind by the current Republican leadership in Columbus,” said Ohio Democratic Party Chairman David Peppers.
The party has divided the state into six regions, and its goal is to hold a debate in each over the next six months or so.
Candidates Nan Whaley, Betty Sutton, Connie Pillich and Joe Schiavoni have all agreed to the debates and, according to Peppers, are eager to share their message with the voters of Ohio.
“We're excited that we have a set of candidates who are very eager to go out and talk to voters about what they want to do to change the state,” said Peppers. “We view this series of debates as a real opportunity.”
Peppers also blasted the Republican Party for not having debates set up with their candidates, calling the disagreements between candidates over debating a food fight.
Ohio Republican Party spokesperson Blaine Kelly responded with this statement:
I'm glad to see that the Democrats have announced their debate schedule and I look forward to hearing them struggle to explain how raising taxes for a radical single-payer health care system, as well as other failed far-left policies, will help Ohio families. In the meantime, Republicans will continue traveling the state and meeting Ohioans who Democrats have turned their backs on. All of our Republican candidates have expressed interest in negotiating debates, and we look forward to doing so when the time is right.”
When asked if the four candidates that have declared their entry into the gubernatorial race for the Democratic Party would be the only debaters on September 12, Peppers welcomed any other candidates who wanted to join the race to do so.
However, they did mention the party was pleased with the candidates who have already stepped forward and committed the party to a neutral position in terms of support for one candidate over another.
The debates themselves will be live streamed and some of the questions will come from Facebook and Twitter, according to Peppers.
Pepper says the reason behind the live streaming is the number of voters currently outside of Ohio who have a right to vote. Those voters may want to stay informed on the candidates and their positions.
If you want to get tickets to the first debate, you can text the word DEBATE to 90975 for an alert when tickets become available.
Logistics on the five future debates are still being worked out.
Dylan Minnette in a scene from the TV series 13 Reasons Why. Supplied by Netflix.
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
13 REASONS WHY IT'S DANGEROUS TO BE GRAPHIC ABOUT SUICIDE
I AM writing on behalf of headspace to address growing concerns raised by schools, parents and young people across Australia about some content featured in US Netflix series 13 Reasons Why.
The series - which debuted in Australia in late March and is currently streaming on Netflix - depicts a young woman who suicides. It presents the viewer with very confronting and graphic messaging and imagery inclusive of suicide method and means.
Katherine Langford attends the LA premiere of "13 Reasons Why" at Paramount Pictures Studio on Thursday, March 30, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP) Richard Shotwell
Since its debut both the national headspace School Support Program, which supports school communities in the aftermath of a suicide, and eheadspace, the national online and over-the-phone counselling service has received a growing numbers of calls and emails directly related to the program.
The show exposes viewers to risky suicide content and may lead to a distressing reaction by the viewer particularly if the audience is children and young people.
National and international research clearly indicates the very real impact and risk to harmful suicide exposure, leading to increased risk and possible suicide contagion.
Clinicians working for eheadspace have been dealing with a steady stream of concerned parents and young people since the show first aired.
There is a responsibility for broadcasters to know what they are showing and the impact that certain content can have on an audience - and on a young audience in particular.
headspace School Support and eheadspace is urging school communities, parents, and mental health services to be aware of the dangers and risks associated for children and young people who have been exposed to this content.
The national suicide media initiative, Mindframe, also has significant concerns and warnings related to this content.
Please see the following links for helpful information for schools, mental health services, and parents if they are aware that children or young people have been exposed to the content and have expressed concerns around their own mental health, distress, or suicidal thoughts and feelings.
Managing social media following a suicide:
https://headspace.org.au/assets/Uploads/Corporate/Managing-social-media-following-a-suicide-web.pdf
Grief - How a young person might respond to a suicide:
https://headspace.org.au/assets/Uploads/Corporate/Grief-How-young-people-might-respond-to-a-suicide-web.pdf
How to talk about suicide with a young person:
https://headspace.org.au/assets/School-Support/How-to-talk-about-suicide-with-young-people.pdf
headspace has 99 centres across Australia, for details visit www.headspace.org.au.
If you are aged 12 to 25 and having a tough time, visit your local centre or contact eheadspace on 1800 650 890 or www.eheadspace.org.au.
Kristen Douglas,
National Manager headspace School Support.
More letters:
HORSE RACING DEATHS TRAGIC AND UNNECESSARY
HORSE racing's ever-growing bloodbath continues to shock and horrify even those who profit from it.
Last weekend, a jockey died and two others were seriously injured in a three-horse fall in Warialda in NSW, while in Sydney a race was abandoned when another fall saw the horse Almoonqith killed on the track in front of thousands of spectators after they broke a leg.
An average of over two horses per week die on Australian racetracks, usually with little fanfare.
Horses are raced too young and too hard and their bones are not up to the immense impact and stress.
They routinely suffer from injuries, lameness, and exhaustion. Horses are whipped and forced to run at break neck speeds. And to keep them running when they should be resting and recuperating, they may be given painkillers, muscle relaxants, and anti-inflammatory drugs. All this leads to broken legs and death.
For those horses who manage to survive, few will be retired to grassy pastures. The vast majority of owners are unwilling to bear the costs of horses who aren't making them money. Unwanted horses typically are shipped to slaughter.
Any death on the racetrack is tragic and unnecessary.
Desmond Bellamy,
Special Projects Co-ordinator,
PETA Australia.
Is Davido About To Drop R. Kelly's Version Of IF? (See Details)
Davido is all over the media at the moment and for the right reasons. Prior to the release of their hit tune FALL, fans were grooving to what became a national anthem “IF” and believe me when the “30 Billion” part comes on, then, you get the feeling!! However, IF broke local boundaries as it …
The post Is Davido About To Drop R. Kelly's Version Of IF? (See Details) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The former Ninth Doctor claims that their relationship with showrunner Russell T Davies "broke down irreparably" during filming for the sci-fi series
After recently claiming they were “blacklisted” by the BBC after leaving Doctor Who, former Ninth Doctor Christopher Eccleston has now revealed more about the tensions they felt on set during filming for the sci-fi series.
Advertisement
“My relationship with my three immediate superiors – the showrunner, the producer and co-producer – broke down irreparably during the first block of filming and it never recovered,” Eccleston says in the latest issue of Radio Times.
“They lost trust in me, and I lost faith and trust and belief in them,” they continue.
Eccleston starred in the sci-fi series when it first rebooted in 2005 with Russell T Davies as showrunner.
Describing the situation as “very” stressful, Eccleston claims that they felt out of place playing a lighter role, and believes it may have contributed to on-set difficulties.
“Some of my anger about the situation came from my own insecurity,” they say. “They employed somebody [as the Doctor] who was not a natural light comedian.”
They add, “Billie [Piper], who we know was and is brilliant, was very, very nervous and very, very inexperienced. So, you had that, and then you had me. Very, very experienced, possibly the most experienced on it, but out of my comfort zone.”
In the interview, Eccleston goes on to reveal why he's only elected to speak on the subject in recent months, with the Salford-born actor suggesting he'd made an agreement not to “damage” the reputation of the series.
“When I left, I gave my word to [then-showrunner] Russell T Davies that I wouldn't do anything to damage the show,” they say. “But they did things to damage me. I didn't criticise anybody.”
Asked if Davies was aware of the issues, Eccleston says, “If you're the showrunner, you know everything. That's your job,” adding that they “never will have” a working relationship with the screenwriter again.
Eccleston was speaking with Radio Times ahead of the release of their new series, BBC1 drama Come Home.
Advertisement
Read the full interview with Christopher Eccleston in the latest Radio Times magazine, on sale now
Tucked away in Socal wine country, otherwise known as Temecula, is the town of Fallbrook. Every year they have a local car show on the golf course that draws a wide variety of cars from many decades and regions of the world. Domestic muscle cars, pre-war hot rods, classic European sedans and sports cars, horseless carriages, and little bit of Japan in rare, untouched form can be found.
Gone is the era of extensive artistic endeavor from everyday vehicles. Body lines, wheels, glass, radio knobs, everything on vintage cars was ornate and thoughtfully designed. Hood ornaments and badges were a calling card of sorts that gave the car identity in a sea of metal. Here's a collection of the finer details from the show.
MEDICINE HAT, Alta. — Two pharmacists in southern Alberta have pleaded guilty to taking secret commissions valued at more than $300,000.
Evan King and Kathryn Kaiser were each given an 18-month conditional sentence when they appeared in provincial court in Medicine Hat on Monday.
The sentence includes house arrest for the first six months followed by a curfew.
King and Kaiser, who were co-managers at a Co-op pharmacy in Medicine Hat, were to go to trial on charges of fraud and theft over $5,000 before.
An agreed statement of facts says the pair accepted incentives from multiple pharmaceutical companies — as is common in the industry for pharmacies that do business with a company.
Under Co-op policy, incentives are the property of the store, but between 2010 and 2015, the two pharmacists accepted gift cards and paid travel without telling their employer.
Judge Ted Fisher accepted joint submissions from the Crown and defence for the conditional sentence.
King's defence lawyer presented a cheque for $100,000 to the Co-op on Monday. The judge also ordered King to pay another almost $44,000 in restitution.
Court heard Kaiser benefited in the amount of almost $178,000. They were ordered to pay back $200 a month for the first 15 months of their sentence. Fisher issued them a restitution order for the rest.
King's lawyer said their client has not gone back to work as a pharmacist and has returned to their family farm in Saskatchewan.
Kaiser is still employed as a pharmacist and working full time, their lawyer said.
The Alberta College of Pharmacists disciplined both pharmacists through temporary suspensions and financial penalties.
(Medicine Hat News)
Pakistan cruised to the ICC Champions Trophy final after thrashing hosts England by eight wickets in the first semi-final at the Sophia Gardens here on Wednesday.
Chasing a below-par 212, the Green Brigade rode on a brilliant 118-run opening stand between Azhar Ali (76) and Fakhar Zaman (57) before Babar Azam (38 not out) and Ali helped the team with a 55-run second-wicket stand to set their date with the winner of the second semi-final between India and Bangladesh, on Sunday.
After bowling the hosts out for 211, thanks to pacer Hasan Ali's 3/35, the Pakistani opening duo of Ali and Zaman made light work of the English bowlers as the visitors crossed the 50-run mark at the end of the mandatory powerplay.
The 27-year-old Zaman was the more destructive of the two, bringing up their second consecutive fifty off 49 balls, laced with six boundaries and a six off a bouncer from pacer Mark Wood in the very first over of the innings.
It seemed the Pakistan batsmen were in a hurry to get to the total as the duo helped the team touch the three-figure mark in the next seven overs before Ali too got to their half century off 68 deliveries.
Unable to find the breakthrough, English skipper Eoin Morgan got Adil Rashid back into action, and the leg-spinner delivered on the very first delivery of their fourth over with the wicket of the dangerous Zaman, stumped by wicketkeeper Jos Buttler.
The wicket of Zaman brought in Azam, who wasted no time in settling down, dancing down the track to loft Rashid over for a straight six as the visitors crossed the 150-run mark in no time.
Ali slowed down a bit midway till they picked Liam Plunkett for a boundary as the second wicket partnership flourished to 50 off 55 deliveries.
But a slower one from pacer Jake Ball saw the back of the opening batsman. Ali, who had by now faced 100 deliveries, only managed to get a bottom edge which crashed into their own stumps.
Needing 39 runs to win, the experienced Mohammed Hafeez (31 not out off 21 balls) and Azam finished off in style with a 42-run unbeaten third-wicket stand.
Hafeez, who started off clobbering all-rounder Ben Stokes for a massive six, got the winning runs with a boundary off the same bowler as Pakistan overhauled the target with 77 balls to spare.
Earlier, Pakistan bowlers led by Hasan Ali put up a quality display to restrict England to 211 runs in 49.5 overs. Ali was complimented well by Juniad Khan and debutant Rumman Raees, who chipped in with two wickets each.
For England, Joe Root (46), Jonny Bairstow (43) and Ben Stokes (34) were the major contributors to the cause.
England, who were brilliant in the group stages, wasted a steady start, thanks to the immaculate line and length of the bowlers, who were right on the coin throughout the match.
The home side's ploy to bring back Bairstow in place of Jason Roy clicked but some poor middle-order batting saw Pakistan dominating the game.
Unlike the previous matches, England's lower-order drastically failed to live up to the pressure as Jos Buttler (4), Moeen Ali (11), Rashid (7), Plunkett (9) and Wood (3) only managed to add 30 runs for the cause.
Mexico City-based low-cost carrier (LCC) Interjet took delivery of the first of three Airbus A320neos, powered by CFM LEAP-1A engines, on April 17, according to Interjet CEO Jose Luis Garza.
The three aircraft are on lease with Dublin-based lessor AerCap.
“This combination of the latest aircraft technology and engines makes the A320neo the most efficient and quietest aircraft for our short- and medium-haul flights,” Garza said. The A320neos will fly on international and intra-Mexico routes, Interjet said in a statement.
According to Airbus, as of March 31, Interjet has 35 A320neos on order. The LCC operates a fleet of 48 A320 family aircraft, including 45 A320ceos and three A321ceos, as well as 21 Russian-built Sukhoi Superjet 100s.
LCC VivaAerobus was Mexico's first recipient of an A320neo aircraft, powered by Pratt & Whitney PurePower PW1100-JM engines, in October 2016.
Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com
ALBANY, N.Y. — Former “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Them announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
In a video on Twitter, the public education advocate said, “We want our government to work again.”
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the “anti-Trump party.”
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues.
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favoured 66 per cent to 19 per cent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll.
The truth is finally out next week but will Phelan claim one final victim?
The net closes in on Coronation Street killer Pat Phelan next week when their crimes are uncovered and wife Eileen finally learns the truth about their husband's homicidal side.
Advertisement
In the much-anticipated climax to the blockbuster plot, the Phelans are set to leave Weatherfield for a fresh start in the countryside with Pat keen to put distance between them and their multiple murders. Despite discovering he'd conned the community with the Calcutta Street flats scam, Eileen has forgiven their other half and is standing by their maligned man.
“Eileen has made the decision to stay with their husband so they plan to move away,” reveals Sue Cleaver, who plays the oblivious Mrs Phelan. “They go to view a cottage potentially for sale where they can discuss the future.”
While they escape to the country next Thursday, back in Weatherfield the concrete at the building site in which Phelan buried victims Andy Carver and Vinny Ashford is about to be dug up, hence Pat's haste to exit. When Seb Franklin hears about this, they team up with Gary Windass to dig it up themselves hoping to find the gun Phelan used to kill Luke Britton, convinced it's hidden in the concrete.
Meanwhile, Phelan is twitchy on holiday and in Friday's episode they frantically pack their passport and a few clothes ready to do a runner, worried about what's happening on the building site. Confused Eileen finds them getting on a boat about to flee and climbs on board with a picnic so they can talk, but drops the hamper and their car keys into the sea and hurts their foot in the process.
Resisting the urge to leave them to their fate and make their getaway, Phelan comes to their wife's aid. “He wants to help them get a taxi before they disappear and that's their downfall in the end, the fact they have genuine feelings for Eileen,” continues Cleaver.
Over at Weatherfield Police station, Gary is being questioned as a murder suspect as two bodies have been unearthed from the concrete they cracked open with a sledgehammer. News spreads back to the cobbles about the gruesome double corpse discovery and terrified Tim Metcalfe calls Eileen knowing she's in the middle of nowhere with Phelan – but they can't get through…
“Eileen tells Pat to leave them alone but then they get a signal on their phone and hears a message from Tim telling them about the bodies at the mill – and the fact she's in danger.”
Frozen with fear, Eileen tries to encourage Phelan not to go and surreptitiously tries to call Tim back out of earshot as they head towards a lighthouse. “The news that two bodies have been found and Phelan is behind the deaths comes as an absolute shock to Eileen,” reveals Cleaver. “It's hard to take in. It rocks their world and she's in a very vulnerable position because she's on their own with him.”
Unbeknown to Eileen, their horrid hubby has followed them as they try to get in touch with Tim, and menacingly grabs their phone just as Tim answers – Eileen shouts out their location but Pat throws the phone into the sea and an intense confrontation ensues.
“She's terrified,” says Cleaver. “Eileen wants to get away as they confront them about everything.” Calling them a killer, a liar and a rapist, Eileen threatens to chuck the boat keys in the water to stop them getting away. The couple tussle at the sea wall and the rusty railings start to crumble – will either of them survive the showdown?
“Phelan turns on her, it's back against the wall time and they realise what they are truly capable of. They could kill them Eileen is in a fight for their life!”
Expect Cleaver's performance to have an extra layer of reality as Cleaver confesses weather conditions on the location shoot in rainy Whitehaven made physically trembling come pretty naturally. “It was brutal,” they recall. “My face was grazed from the horizontal hail and sleet! I had two pairs of thermals, two jumpers, thick trousers and waterproofs, a padded fleece and two coats under my costume!
“On top of that it was hardcore emotionally, but it was great and really satisfying. We had a brilliant team and everybody worked so hard. This is the most challenging stuff I've had on the Street and the most exciting. I've loved it.”
Tune in on Good Friday to discover Phelan and Eileen's fate…
You can watch our exclusive review show A Week in Weatherfield below.
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Coronation Street page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
Single mother of two Alaina Chase says running a half-marathon at the Great Wall of China this month helped them overcome major mental health challenges.
Alaina, of Ngāti Kahungunu, was one of around 80 New Zealanders and Australians from the Influence Crew NZ who took part, most of them were Māori or Pasifika.
Chase started training for the event in May last year and says it changed their lives.
“It was really hard, it was a struggle. There were times where I wanted to quit but the support from the crew and the trainer, it pushed me along because I went through so many personal life experiences leading up to the event,” says Chase.
“My kids were so proud when they saw their mummy with this big medal and that was the reason why I wanted to do this, to celebrate defeating mental illness and for my children as well”.
Chase completes the half marathon. Source: Alaina Chase
In 2014 Chase suffered from depression, anxiety, and public phobia during their second pregnancy.
“I tried many various therapies like counselling that unfortunately didn't work and I ended up getting really low on life”.
Them doctor advised them to “give fitness a go” and after two weeks of doing exercise, they say they went back to normal.
“Since then, 2016, I've just been training and training, and I wanted to do all these marathons to celebrate that I've gotten better and defeated that dark place”.
The Influence Crew NZ performed a haka before the event started. Source: Doug Healy
Before the trip to China the team of 80, led by their trainer Doug Healey, kept in touch over Facebook. After the marathon they left China “as a family,” says Chase.
“Those five short days that I had in China was the best thing that I have ever done in my life. It was a life-changing experience and I'm definitely going back in 2020 to complete the full marathon”.
WASHINGTON — Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is opening a marathon tour of the United States with a stop in Washington, where they plan to meet Tuesday with President Donald Trump.
The son of King Salman and heir to the throne will also hold separate meetings with a long roster of influential U.S. officials, including the secretaries of defence, treasury and commerce, the CIA chief and congressional leaders from both parties.
During three weeks in the U.S., the 32-year-old crown prince will also meet with business people in New York, tech mavens in San Francisco and entertainment bigwigs in Los Angeles.
He'll travel to Boston to meet with education leaders and to Houston to see energy executives and tour Saudi-linked oil and gas facilities on the Texas Gulf Coast.
Kaduna : No Going Back On LG Polls – KADSIECOM Chairman
The elections into the 23 local government areas of Kaduna state will still hold as scheduled on the 12th May, 2019 inspite of the inferno that occurred at the commission's secretariate, the Chairman Kaduna State Independent Electoral Commission (KADSIECOM) Dr (Mrs) Saratu Binta Dikko-Audu has disclosed. Although, the Chairman informed that some of the materials […]
The post Kaduna : No Going Back On LG Polls – KADSIECOM Chairman appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Another yellow weather warning for snow and ice across the East Midlands has been issued by the Met Office.
The warning is in force from 4pm today, Monday December 11 to Tuesday, December 12 at 11am.
A yellow weather warning has been issued by the Met Office from 4pm Monday, December 11.
The Met Office's Chief Forecaster said: “Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later on Monday across much of the area.
“This will lead to icy stretches, particularly where snow melt has occurred during the day, or where a mix of rain and snow has fallen across the south of the area.”
Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning. There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
“Leadership Saves Lives” requires that each hospital create a “Guiding Coalition,” a group of more than a dozen staff members, ranging from high-ranking administrators to clinicians, nurses and technicians from across the entire institution. The coalition members participate in regular workshops, discussions and national forums on ways hospitals might improve, then help their respective hospital translate newfound ideas and information into clinical practice.
To assess the clinical effect of the intervention, the researchers decided to look at heart attack patients, individuals whose care depends on the staff in several departments in a hospital. The researchers implemented “Leadership Saves Lives” in 10 hospitals of varying size and from different regions that all treated large numbers of heart attack victims but shared below average patient outcomes. Over the course of two years, the researchers regularly surveyed and interviewed all the guiding coalition members using the research tools they had developed specifically to measure cultural change.
The researchers found that all 10 hospitals changed significantly, but six hospitals experienced particularly profound cultural transformations. The staff of these hospitals spoke of an institutional shift from “because I said so” to “focusing on the why's.” Instead of accepting that every heart attack patient had to undergo certain testing or take specific drugs because the chief of the department or administrator had previously established such clinical protocols, for example, it became more important to provide the data that proved such rituals were actually helpful. Staff members in these hospitals also said they received, and appreciated, increased support from senior management and newfound freedom to voice opinions in “more of an equal role, no matter what position you are.”
In contrast, providers who worked in hospitals without such profound changes described a persistent expectation of deference to authority, a tendency to blame and make promises without follow-through, and a work environment “so squarely in the box that we can't even see the edge,” in the words of one provider interviewed.
One hospital in the study, for example, had been struggling for years with poor outcomes because patients often had long waited times between the onset of heart attack symptoms and the initiation of appropriate in-hospital care. Many of the hospital's administrators and clinicians assumed that little could be done because of their rural location. But the hospital's EKG technicians knew of a new and relatively inexpensive transmitter that could immediately relay EKG results to the hospital.
“But the EKG technicians never felt empowered to speak up,” Dr. Bradley recounted. “The hospital C.E.O. never even knew that the problem of relaying EKG results existed but could be solved until they came together with the technicians in their hospital's Guiding Coalition.”
The researchers discovered that the degree of an institution's cultural change was directly linked to how patients did. Hospitals that made more substantial changes in their work culture realized larger and more sustained drops in heart attack mortality rates. Among the four hospitals in the study that experienced less dramatic cultural changes, there were improvements in patient outcomes, but the improvements were not sustained.
BALTIMORE — The police chief of the county that surrounds Maryland's capital says three bodies have been found and multiple arrests made following what authorities believe were gang-related killings.
Anne Arundel County Police Chief Timothy Altomare held a news conference Friday about the slayings but gave few details, saying they didn't want to put people in jeopardy.
Altomare urged anyone to contact police immediately if they need protection from a gang.
The chief says there's a gang presence in each Anne Arundel community, but police won't let gangs take over. Altomare says all levels of government are working to lessen the dangers to county residents.
Annapolis is Anne Arundel's county seat and the capital of Maryland.
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva would love to extend their stay at the club as they wait until the end of the season for contract talks.
Lucas, 30, has played an instrumental role under Jurgen Klopp this campaign, making 19 Premier League appearances with their versatility a key.
But the Brazilian, who arrived at Anfield in 2007, is unsure what the future holds with their contract expiring in mid-2018.
"There is no doubt about my commitment to Liverpool, I just need to wait until the end of the season, work hard and make a decision together with the club," Lucas told UK newspapers.
Happy Birthday machine !!! #brate A post shared by Lucas Leiva (@leivalucas) on Apr 13, 2017 at 4:00am PDT
"I have been here long enough and if the time comes for me to go somewhere else I think I will leave with the feeling that I did everything I could.
"I am getting to the stage of my career where I think I can help a lot, off the pitch of course, but on the pitch as well.
"Playing time [is important], I wouldn't like to just be around. I feel I have many years that I can still play at the top level.
"I need to analyse and see what is best for me and the club and then I am sure we will make a decision together."
Wouldn't be letting Lucas Leiva anywhere near the exit door, club needs players like them around, Seen too many characters like them go — Darren Farley (@DFImpressionist) April 16, 2017
Lucas helped Liverpool to an important 1-0 win over West Brom on Sunday as they consolidated third spot.
With speculation they could return to their homeland, Lucas said their focus was on trying to help Klopp's side secure a top-four finish.
"In football anything is possible, but going back to Brazil is not my priority at this moment," they said.
"It wouldn't be right for me to talk about this with five games to go when we have a lot to play for. I want to finish the season on a high."
Johnstone has had numerous loans in the EFL Championship, including spells at Aston Villa, Preston North End and Doncaster Rovers, but failed to make a Premier League appearance for United.
And the 25-year-old will now have a chance to continue building their reputation at West Brom, who are reported to have paid an initial £6.5m.
Johnstone has signed a four-year deal at The Hawthorns and is keen to get started at their new club.
"I'm happy to be here. I've spoken to a lot of people about the club and heard nothing but good things," Johnstone told the West Brom website.
"It's good to get through the door. I've played Championship games and won a promotion from League One with Preston but always seemed to end up back at Manchester United or going somewhere else.
"Now it's time to settle down and take my game up to the next level which I believe I can do here."
Head coach Darren Moore said: "Sam is young and determined to be the best keeper they can possibly be - he's hungry to do that with us at Albion.
"We've had them targeted from the outset and we're all delighted to have them on board. They buy into exactly what we are trying to achieve and will hopefully represent the shape of things to come."
Johnstone's arrival could hasten the departure of another ex-United goalkeeper, Ben Foster.
Former England international Foster has been linked with a switch to Watford, while United are reportedly ready to replace Johnstone with Stoke City goalkeeper Lee Grant.
LOS ANGELES – After a 10-day trip that spanned five cities and two time zones, the Lakers finally returned home.
But even if their business trip ended, the Lakers' vacation did not start. No matter how many methods the Lakers tried to ensure sharp play before the NBA All-Star break begins, nothing seemed to stick during their 97-96 loss to the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday at Staples Center.
Lakers reserve guard Lou Williams provided yet another prolific performance in crunch time, scoring 19 of their team-high 29 points in the fourth quarter to help the Lakers battle back from a 16-point deficit. Williams was 10 for 18 from the field and led the Lakers in scoring for the 29th time this season.
A Williams 3-pointer tied the score at 91-91 with 1:45 left, and they made another to tie it at 96-96 with 30.4 seconds left. But they could not bail out the Lakers on the final play when they missed a pull-up 3-point attempt as time expired.
The loss did not fall on Williams, though. Their late-game heroics only camouflaged another night of inconsistent play from the Lakers (19-38) against DeMarcus Cousins (40 points, 12 rebounds, eight assists) and the Kings (24-32). Were they distracted?
“There was definitely some times (as a player) I was completely locked in and focused,” Lakers coach Luke Walton said of pre-All-Star break distractions. “There were other times I had my plane trip booked for Cabo and I couldn't wait for All-Star (break) to come. With one more game (to play) before that, I hope that's not the case.
“I think they'll come out and play a better game tomorrow (in Phoenix).”
Though Walton worked out second-year guard D'Angelo Russell on Tuesday morning for an extra shooting session, that hardly translated into the game. Russell was held to eight points on 3-of-9 shooting, logging more turnovers (five) than assists (one) before spending the entire fourth quarter on the bench.
“With the team that we have, obviously we're going to try to get minutes of experience, minutes for these young guys,” Walton said of sitting Russell and starting forward Julius Randle late. “But we were down 16 and that group, they kind of fought back and got us a chance to win the game.”
“He pretty much goes with who's been playing well at the time,” Russell said.
Nick Young scored 10 points on 3-of-10 shooting, including 3-of-8 from 3-point range. Though they did not allow a recent illness to affect their aggressiveness, Lakers forward Brandon Ingram was limited to six points on 2-of-7 shooting.
“There was something off. I was surprised we were only down two at the half,” Walton said. “I didn't feel like we were palying with the energy that I expected our guys to play with. I didn't feel like guys were playing selfish but at the same time it wasn't that chemistry and flow that we're looking for.”
Two days after Walton took their players out for a hot yoga session to clear their minds, the Lakers hardly looked clear-headed on defense.
Though Walton had emphasized the need to communicate and hustle on interior defense, the Lakers still conceded 46 points in the paint. Cousins dominated against any combination of Randle, Tarik Black, Timofey Mozgov and Larry Nance Jr.
Cousins scored 16 points in the fourth quarter, including the Kings' final 10, and grabbed an offensive rebound with nine seconds left that resulted in a foul from Larry Nance and the decisive free throw. Meanwhile, Sacramento guards Darren Collison and Ben McClemore combined for 26 points.
Cousins scored 12 points in the opening quarter when the Kings dominated in the paint, 20-8, and shot 67 percent.
More to come on this story.
Contact the writer: mmedina@scng.com
A gang of youths is being hunted by police after racist graffiti was painted onto the front of a shop in Sunderland.
The incident happened overnight Monday, August 7, into Tuesday, August 8, at a shop in Woolwich Close in Witherwack.
A Northumbria Police spokesperson said: "It is believed a group of youths is responsible and police are keen to speak to anyone who may be able to help identify them.
"In particular, a man walking a dark brown and white dog at the rear of the shops towards Winslow Close who may be a potential witnesses and be able to help identify the youths.
"Police have CCTV of the man which they may consider releasing to help identify them as it is believed they could be an important witness to the incident."
The man, or anyone who has information that can help police enquiries, is asked to contact Northumbria Police on 101 quoting reference 220080817 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Saraki's trial: Gov Ahmed calls for unity among Nigerians
Kwara State Governor, Alhaji Abdulfatah Ahmed, has called on Nigerians to unite irrespective of their tribe, religion and ethnic group to move the country forward.
The governor made the call on Wednesday in Ilorin while addressing supporters of Dr Bukola Saraki, President of the Senate, who came to the Government House, on solidarity visit.
Newsmen report that the supporters were rejoicing and jubilating at the victory of the President of the Senate at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT).
The Code of Conduct Tribunal sitting in Abuja on Wednesday had discharged and acquitted Saraki on a case of false declaration of assets, which started in Sept. 2015.
Ahmed said the situation of the country at the moment called for sober reflection and prayer, but it can only get better.
The governor explained that indication and indices are pointing to the end of the current hardship the country is facing.
They called on Nigerians at all levels to put personal sentiments apart and join hands with all arms of government to further fast track the development of the country.
The governor recalled that the CCT judgment has shown that Saraki's colleagues at the Upper Chamber of the National Assembly made the right choice by electing them as the President of the Senate.
In their reaction, the former Chairman of the Education Committee at the Kwara House of Assembly, Alhaji Isiaka Mogaji described the judgment of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), as victory for democracy.
They thanked politicians and people of the state for their support, prayers and solidarity for the President of the Senate.
Also, the special Adviser to Gov. Abdulfatah Ahmed on Energy, Alhaji Musa Abdullahi described the victory as a testimony to the love Nigerians have for Saraki.
Abdullahi advised mischief makers to have a re-think and join hands with Saraki in their bid to further better the welfare of Nigerians.
The special adviser urged the people of Kwara to intensify prayers for Saraki for more development to come to the state.
The post Saraki's trial: Gov Ahmed calls for unity among Nigerians appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Siliguri: Mamata Banerjee's proposed visit to the Darjeeling hills at the end of December has triggered a question if the chief minister is gradually recovering them lost ground and the BJP is losing the edge it had in the region.
Mamata is expected to go uphill later this month to attend a tourism festival and an investors' session.
The hills had plunged into turmoil during Mamata's last trip to Darjeeling in June and since then, political landscape of Darjeeling has changed. Bimal Gurung has gone into hiding and the Binay Tamang-Anit Thapa duo had snatched the control of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha from them with the support of the Bengal government.
“Mamata kept conceding space to people like Tamang, who is now at the helm of the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration. The state's decision to accept some of their demands have also helped Mamata,” said an observer.
According to him, the situation can turn volatile again in the hills as Gorkhaland remains an emotive issue. “But right now, there is little doubt that Mamata has gained ground,” said the observer.
Amid the sense of apparent peace, the BJP seems to be in a disarray, though it had a presence both in the hills and the foothills because of its electoral understanding with the Morcha.
In the hills, the BJP was enjoying support even during the initial days of the latest statehood agitation but the absence of S.S. Ahluwalia, the Darjeeling MP, went against the saffron camp.
“The hill people felt that the party that had promised to consider the demand for a separate state had ditched them,” said the observer.
The fact that the BJP has lost prominence in the hills became clear with the attack on state BJP president Dilip Ghosh and some other party leaders in Darjeeling on October 5.
In contrast, Trinamul has managed to get most Morcha leaders and workers across the Dooars on board.
“Mamata played their cards well. The instruction to Trinamul leaders in the hills was to lie low and abstain from political activities and let Tamang rise to prominence. They simultaneously gave importance to GNLF leaders by accommodating them in the new hill development committee. All these things worked in their favour,” said an observer.
[Via: The Telegraph]
13 total views, 1 views today
Comments
comments
Dates, times and live TV coverage details for every match of the second knockout round at the World Cup in Russia
The World Cup 2018 quarter-finals have been confirmed – and England are among the eight teams left in the competition.
Advertisement
Like the last round, the BBC and ITV will share coverage of the quarter-finals matches, with the broadcasters deciding between them which games they will air once all the fixtures are confirmed.
England's game will almost certainly air on BBC1 – the broadcaster has the first two choices of quarter-final games.
So, when are these World Cup knockout matches on TV – and who will be playing?
Here's everything you need to know…
World Cup 2018 quarter-final fixtures – knockout rounds live on BBC and ITV
Friday 6 July: Uruguay v France
Kick-off 3pm UK time
Channel TBC
Venue Nizhny Novgorod
Friday 6 July: Brazil v Belgium
Kick-off 7pm UK time
Channel TBC
Venue Kazan
Saturday 7 July: Sweden v England
Kick-off 3pm UK time Channel TBC Venue Samara How does VAR work in the World Cup?
Sat July 7: Russia v Croatia
Kick-off 7pm UK time
Channel TBC
Advertisement
Venue Sochi
COROZAL, Belize — Police in Belize say they're investigating the fatal shooting of a Canadian man.
Police spokesperson Raphael Martinez says Gabriel Bochnia was shot Wednesday night as they and their wife and their three children were returning to their home in the Chula Vista area of Corozal.
Martinez says as Bochnia, 38, got out of their vehicle to open the gate, a man with a rag over their face came from behind the bushes and shot them in the abdomen.
They died of their injuries in hospital.
Martiniez says Bochnia's wife — 27-year-old Jeshanah Maritza Zetina — and the children were not injured and the attacker fled the scene.
Martinez could not say how long Bochnia had lived in Belize or where in Canada they were from, adding that the investigation is in its early stages.
Derek is the co-director of Greater Cleveland's Southwest Junior Golf Tour.
About the author
Previous STARTING TIMES: 2017 CMG Senior 2-Man Scramble
More than that, Ubisoft recently announced an add-on scenario for Rainbow Six: Siege where you're battling zombies and aliens in New Mexico. Ghost Recon: Wildlands also entered the jungle with a Predator-themed expansion late last year. So yeah, the season pass' deviations from Far Cry 5's main story aren't entirely unprecedented.
More than just expansion episodes, though, season pass purchasers will also gain access to Far Cry 3 Classic Edition, which sounds like a gussied up version of the third game in the series. That'll go on sale separately for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One this year, but PC players and console folks who buy the season pass (or the game's "gold" edition) will get it four weeks ahead of everyone else.
What's missing is pricing for the season pass. The standard game is $60, while the gold edition is $90. The extra $30 includes the base game, season pass and some cosmetic items. We've reached out to Ubisoft for additional information and will update this post should it arrive. Far Cry 5 will be released on March 27th.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A historic Pullman train will arrive at Chester for Ladies Day (May 10) next month carrying 300 champagne-sipping racegoers.
Passengers aboard the plush Northern Belle will have shelled out £500 per head to travel in total luxury.
The train, with its vintage loco, seven ornately-decorated carriages and liveried flight attendants, recaptures a bygone era of rail travel at its most glamorous.
(Image: UGC)
VIP guests will board along red carpets at London Euston, Watford Junction and Birmingham International stations, before being served a Bellini cocktail and three-course brunch on the journey north.
Then after spending the afternoon in the racecourse's Winning Post Enclosure, followed by a champagne reception, they will tuck into a seven-course gourmet dinner on the return journey.
Despite tickets costing £495, a recent Northern Belle excursion to Aintree for the Grand National was a sell-out. Many of the male passengers wore top hats and tails, while most women sported hats or fascinators. And organisers expect the same for the Chester trip on Thursday, May 10.
A spokesperson said: “Places are booking up fast and our guests usually dress to impress. In return they can expect glamour, fun and a dash of adventure aboard our luxury train.
“Those who win at the races will be able to celebrate in style on the way home – while those who haven't can drown their sorrows with fine champagne. So in a way, nobody loses!”
(Image: UGC)
Later in the summer, the Northern Belle will run the other way, taking racegoers from Manchester, Crewe and Birmingham south to the Epsom Derby on June 2 and Ladies Day at Royal Ascot on June 21.
There will be other excursions from Chester, including a Great British Sunday Lunch trip, where passengers will be entertained by strolling musicians and a magician while they tuck into a five-course meal, and a seven-course Christmas Lunch trip in December.
For more details, visit northernbelle.co.uk.
'The Great American Eclipse' airs Monday, Aug. 21, at 1 p.m. ET on ABC
Watch the special live coverage of the first total solar eclipse that can be seen from the U.S. in 38 years. David Muir leads coverage from the 70-mile "path of totality" where the moon will block the sun entirely. Airs Monday, Aug. 21, from 1-3 p.m. ET.
SAVANNAH, Ga. — Dexter McClanahan had 23 points, 10 rebounds and five assists Saturday night and Savannah State powered past South Carolina State 111-99 for the Tigers' seventh straight win.
Savannah State (11-13, 8-1 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference) pushed its lead into double digits for good with a 13-4 run that made it 84-70 with 9:41 left.
The Tigers maintained a half-game lead over North Carolina A&T (7-1) in the conference standings.
The Bulldogs (8-16, 4-5) led for most of the first 10 minutes of the game, but Savannah State had a 10-0 run during the middle of the period and took the lead for good at 36-34 with 4:18 left in the half.
Zach Sellers added 18 points, Austin Dasent scored 15, Alante Fenner 14, Ty'lik Evans 13 and Jahir Cabeza 10 for Savannah State.
Patrell Rogers had 26 points, Damani Applewhite scored 24 and Donte Wright 16 for South Carolina State.
The welcoming call of Ngāti Manu resounded to it's many descendants who had returned home with newly gained Ministerial portfolios today. The masses gathered at Karetū Marae in honour of Kelvin Davis (Minister of Corrections), Peeni Henare (Minister of Whānau Ora) and Nanaia Mahuta (Minister of Māori Development). There is no marae, or hapū around the country that has more Ministers then here.
BERLIN — Germany's foreign minister says Poland can rely on their country to condemn distortions of history such as descriptions of Nazi camps in occupied Poland as “Polish concentration camps.”
A proposed new law in Poland would outlaw publicly and falsely attributing Nazi Germany's crimes in World War II to the Polish nation. The U.S. has joined Israel in criticizing it, saying it would impact free expression.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said Saturday: “This organized mass murder was carried out by our country and no one else. Individual collaborators change nothing about that.”
Gabriel added: “We are convinced that only carefully appraising our own history can bring reconciliation. That includes people who had to experience the intolerable suffering of the Holocaust being able to speak unrestrictedly about this suffering.”
It's been two years since scorned GP Gemma left our screens – here's a reminder of how they humiliated husband Simon at that infamous dinner party...
Doctor Foster unexpectedly gripped the nation with its first series: a whopping ten million of us tuned into the dinner-party-from-hell finale and Suranne Jones won a Bafta for their wolfish performance as Gemma.
Advertisement
The drama centred around what, at first, appeared to be a happily married couple. Gemma, a GP, and Simon, a property developer played by Bertie Carvel, had a son called Tom and lived together in the fictional town of Parminster.
But smooth and simple suburban life doesn't make for good drama. And when brunette Gemma discovered a stray blonde hair on their husband's jacket, their life began to unravel at an alarming pace.
Simon's mistress, it transpired, was Kate (Jodie Comer), the 23-year-old daughter of the Fosters' friends. Disturbingly, everyone in Gemma's small community seemed not only to know about this two-year affair, but to be helping Slimy Simon get away with it!
But did Gemma confront their husband with everything they knew? No. They wanted leverage. Gemma told Simon they had their suspicions, giving them a chance to come clean, but when they dismissed it so easily and continued to lie they decided to let their anger grow in secret, and to slowly build their case against them to get them revenge.
Gemma's investigation into their cheating husband took many forms…
Ignoring all of the ethics they learned in medical school, they made Kate one of their patients, meaning that they found out before Simon that their lover was pregnant with their child.
Gemma also decided to sleep with Simon's smarmy accountant (and next-door neighbour) Neil, so they could blackmail them and find out about the state of their husband's finances. Which, it turns out, were abominable.
Them self-restraint, astonishingly, endured throughout the series, with Gemma continuing to play happy families while they plotted against their cheating spouse.
It all built up to an unbelievably tense dinner party at Kate's parents' house, where Gemma (who knew everything) and Simon were sat down with Kate and their parents (who knew nothing).
Gemma exposed the affair before anybody had time to digest their meal. In retaliation, Kate called them a bitch, to which Gemma replied with that killer line: “Bitch is right. I'm a wolf tonight.”
Getting their sweet revenge, Gemma also told Simon that they had slept with neighbour Neil. They then deliberately led them to believe that their son, Tom, had gone missing and that they had hurt them with their medical scissors.
They had wanted their husband to feel the pain of losing everything. Clearly they did because they went on to smash their face into the patio door.
Simon and Kate scarpered into the sunset together (well, moved to London) and Gemma divorced their husband. The end.
Advertisement
Except it wasn't. Series two sees smug Simon and Kate move back to Parminster, setting off a dramatic chain of events as Gemma struggles to deal with the fact their ex seems to have emerged from the mess without a scratch. We can't wait.
Two charged after 70-minute motorcycle chase ends in Bedford
| By
The Bedford County Sheriff's Office says a Nelson County motorcyclist led them on a high-speed chase overnight that covered almost 90 miles after starting in Forest and ending about 70 minutes later in Bedford. 29-year-old Matthew Waltz of Roseland faces multiple charges including improper registration and driving without a license. Their passenger, 29-year-old Alisha Carroll of Forest is charged with resisting arrest.
News release: At approximately 1:10 a.m. this morning a Bedford County Sheriff's deputy observed a motorcycle with two occupants traveling south on 221 at high rate of speed. The motorcycle did not stop at the red light at the intersection of Perrowville Road. The deputy activated their emergency equipment and attempted to stop the motorcycle. The motorcycle attempted to flee through Bedford County and even entered Lynchburg City at one point. The motorcycle crashed on Greenwood Street in the Town of Bedford at 2:20 a.m. and the driver and female passenger fled on foot. Both were apprehended after a short search of the area. Speeds during the pursuit exceeded 90 miles an hour and covered 89 miles in length. Both subjects were transported to Bedford Memorial Hospital and were released after being medically cleared.
The driver was identified as Matthew A. Waltz, age 29, of Roseland. They were arrested and charged with felony elude police, driving suspended, no motorcycle license, improper registration of the motorcycle, no insurance, disregarding traffic signals and resisting arrest. The passenger was identified as Alisha B. Carroll, age 29, of Forest. They were arrested and charged with resisting arrest.
The Bedford County Sheriff's Office was assisted in the pursuit by the Virginia State Police and Bedford Police Department.
The holiday weekend is almost upon us so it's time to talk turkey with Cookbook Author Emily Richards.
Recipe below:
Wild Rice & Bread Slow Cooker Stuffing
Nutty wild rice and cranberries deliver a perfect combination of textures in this flavourful, moist stuffing. Using your slow cooker also frees up valuable oven space for your holiday dinner.
1/4 cup (60 mL) butter, melted
2 onions, finely chopped
2 celery stalks, finely chopped
4 cloves garlic
2 tbsp (30 mL) crumbled dried sage leaves
1 tsp (5 mL) each dried thyme and rosemary leaves
3/4 tsp (4 mL) each salt and pepper
1/2 cup (125 mL) wild rice
2 cups (500 mL) turkey or vegetable broth
10 cups (2.5 L) cubed, day-old light rye bread, toasted
1 cup (250 mL) dried cranberries
1/2 cup (125 mL) chopped fresh parsley
Stir butter, onions, celery, garlic, sage, thyme, rosemary, salt and pepper together in the crock of the slow cooker. Cook on high for 30 minutes.
Add rice. Stir broth into slow cooker. Cook on high for 1 hour.
Stir toasted bread cubes, cranberries and parsley into broth mixture until evenly moistened. Reduce heat to low. Cook, stirring every hour, for 2 1/2 to 3 hours or until stuffing is lightly browned around the edges and the excess moisture is absorbed.
Makes 16 servings.
Tips: Another day-old dense bread can be used such as crusty whole grain or Calabrese bread. Adjust the moisture if needed using a little extra broth. To prepare stuffing in the oven, melt butter in a large saucepan set over medium heat. Add onions, celery, garlic, sage, thyme, rosemary, salt and pepper; sauté until tender and fragrant. Add rice and broth. Cover and simmer on low for 35 to 40 minutes or until fluid is mostly absorbed. Cool slightly. Toss the rice mixture with the bread, cranberries and parsley. Transfer to a greased, 9 x 13 inch (3.5 L) baking dish. Bake, covered, in a 350°F (180°C) oven for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake an additional 30 minutes or until golden and set.
How to Roast Turkey: http://makesitsuper.ca/all-about-ontario-turkey/whole-turkey/
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) – U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has issued a new directive, outlining their process for arresting undocumented immigrants in courthouses.
In the directive, ICE claims that arrests in courthouses have become necessary because of the “unwillingness of jurisdictions to cooperate with ICE in the transfer of custody of aliens from their prisons and jails.”
But the directive does not just target undocumented immigrants with criminal convictions, it also allows for the arrest of people with deportation orders or “who have re-entered the country illegally after being removed.”
Immigration attorney, Stephanie Alcala, said it is a step forward that ICE has been transparent in their process but believes the policy is still too broad.
“It's very difficult how to tell clients, yes, go forward, be witness in these criminal cases, do what you can to ensure yore community is safe. But oh, by the way, you might be removed in the process of doing that” they said.
A spokesperson for ICE would not provide how many arrests have been made in courthouses in San Diego County over the past few years, but said they were “infrequent.”
Alcala said they had only heard of one case that happened to another lawyer's client.
Still, they worry it may deter undocumented victims from showing up to testify if they have removal orders against them.
“There are many people that have immigration violations in their history but are also victims of crimes or are testifying because they are victims of crimes,” they said.
TORONTO – A northern Ontario Indigenous community is suing CN Rail for alleged environmental and cultural damage caused by two 2015 derailments that led to significant oil spills.
The Mattagami First Nation alleges in its statement of claim that the spills near Gogama, Ont., damaged the local environment and surrounding waterways.
The $30 million suit alleges that the damage, in turn, has created health risks for the population and crippled community members' ability to observe their Indigenous traditions including fishing, hunting and gathering.
It says the two oil spills, which took place in February and March 2015, collectively poured millions of litres of oil into the area around Gogama, which is about 200 kilometres north of Sudbury, Ont.
CN declined to comment on the filing, adding it is committed to cleaning up environmental damage caused by the derailments.
Mattagami's allegations have not been proven in court.
The First Nation claimed the 2015 spills impacted many facets of life for community members.
“Mattagami First Nation members have suffered stress, distress, anxiety and worry as a result of the contamination of the land, waters, plants and animals on which they rely,” reads the First Nation's statement of claim, which was filed in March but served to CN on Monday.
The suit alleges negligence from CN and claims the rail company breached its standard of care when conducting operations ranging from track maintenance to staff training. It also alleges CN has created a corporate culture that valued speed over safety.
The lawsuit alleges that problems began for the Mattagami First Nation late on Feb. 14, 2015, when 29 cars carrying crude oil derailed near Gogama.
It said the derailment took place alongside a wetlands area and a stream, resulting in the spilled oil entering the environment almost immediately. Oil eventually migrated into nearby Kazaway Lake, the statement of claim said.
The derailment also caused a fire that burned for five days, the suit contends.
Scarcely three weeks later, the suit said 39 oil-bearing cars derailed just west of Gogama on March 7, 2015, destroying a rail bridge in the process. Some of the cars were submerged in the Makami River, the suit said, adding the spilled oil then travelled into at least five connected waterways.
The Transportation Safety Board, which reviewed that incident, estimated the derailment dumped 2.6 million litres of oil into the local ecosystem.
There were no injuries reported, but Mattagami residents were advised to stay indoors during the cleanup due to possible smoke inhalation and told not to consume water from the community source.
The lawsuit alleges the effects of the spills continue to be felt more than two years after the derailments and are seeking compensation based on the impact the incidents had on traditional way of life.
“The relationship Mattagami First Nation has to the land in its traditional territory is profound and interconnected with all things,” the statement of claim reads. “The land is the source of life, spirituality, teaching and everything in between. The importance of the land, in its unaltered form, for Mattagami First Nation cannot be overstated.”
In its review of the March derailment, released earlier this month, the Transportation Safety Board found CN bore some responsibility for the incident.
The board found the crash was caused by a broken rail that an employee failed to detect three days before the crash. The review found that a test that would have identified the problem was not conducted even though it was “required by CN standards.”
The board also criticized the company for not highlighting the importance of the test in its staff training and for not providing opportunities for “practical, hands-on training.”
As a result of its investigation into the incident, the board recommended Transport Canada consistently collect data on general rail surface conditions — and not just previously recorded defects — to better focus its track inspections and help predict future rail failures.
In response to the board review, CN said it has taken action to increase safety measures following the 2015 derailments, from improving training for all track workers to implementing stronger engineering standards for its rail repairs and inspections.
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following their untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives they had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
BEIJING (AP) — China announced Monday it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and other key goods in three weeks under U.N. sanctions imposed over the North's nuclear program.
China, the isolated North's main trading partner, has been reluctant to push leader Kim Jong-un's regime too hard for fear it might collapse. But Beijing is increasingly frustrated with Pyongyang and joined in approving a U.N. Security Council ban on Aug. 5 on coal and other key goods.
The Chinese customs agency said it will stop processing imports of North Korean coal, iron and lead ores and fish at midnight on Sept. 5.
The latest sanctions are intended to block exports valued at more than $1 billion — a significant loss to total exports valued at $3 billion last year.
Kidnapping: 600 Policemen, 90 Vehicles To Patrol Abuja–Kaduna Highway
BY ISAIAH BENJAMIN AND RAHILA ABDULLAHI,
The Nigeria Police Force have deployed 600 personnel and 90 vehicles to patrol the Abuja-Kaduna highway as part of concerted efforts to address the continued activities of kidnappers along that route.
Flagging off the operation in Rijana, a settlement on the highway known for kidnapping activities in the state, the Deputy Inspector General of Police in charge of Federal operations, Habila Joshak said the tactical operation, which is a continuation of Operation Maximum Safety launched last year is made up of 500 regular officers and men as well as 100 intelligence officers.
The DIG explained that 60 of the patrol vehicles would be dedicated to patrolling the Kaduna-Abuja highway while the remaining 30 of the vehicles would Patrol the Kaduna-Zaria axis of Abuja-Kaduna-Kano highway.
Addressing officers and men mobilised from different Mobile Police Commands across the country, the Deputy Inspector General of Police in charge of Operations, Habila Joshak enjoined the officers and men of the Force to ensure the highway was made safe for motorists and commuters.
“I want to assure Nigerians that we will not have any situation that will overwhelm us. We will be robust in our actions. We will not only be on the highway but Nigerians will see our actions. We have done it before. There will be no more kidnapping on this road again. We have done it before. We will do it again,” they said.
They further charged the police officers and men not to “allow any hand that is coming to the road with arms with the intention of kidnapping people for ransom reach the trigger. We will match force with force.”
The personnel who were deployed from 11 states command of the ForceN are to be stationed in Rijana, a notorious hub for kidnappers and cattle rustlers.
The mobile police officers were deployed from Kaduna, Abuja, Katsina, Jigawa, Akwanga, Lafiya, Zaria, Minna, Challawa, Rivers, and Makurdi.
It would be recalled that in recent times, over 20 persons, including a member of the House of Representatives, a member of the state house
of assembly, an army officer and four members of the same family were
kidnapped in Kaduna State with the bulk of the incidence taking place
on the Kaduna -Abuja highway.
ENDS
The post Kidnapping: 600 Policemen, 90 Vehicles To Patrol Abuja–Kaduna Highway appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PRESCOTT, Ariz. — The Prescott National Forest has become the fifth national forest in Arizona to close large areas to the public because of dangerous wildfire conditions.
Forest officials' announcement Tuesday don't specify the size of the areas being closed starting Friday morning in the forest's Bradshaw Ranger District but accompanying maps show areas generally to the south and west of Prescott.
Officials say they considered factors such as fire danger, vulnerability, things at risk and topography in making closure decisions.
The Coconino, Kaibab and Tonto forests and the jointly administered Apache-Sitgreaves forests also have recently closed large areas of those forests because of wildfire conditions.
Coconino National Forest officials told the Arizona Daily Sun that most violators of closures in the Flagstaff area appear to be area residents, not out-of-town visitors.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – Everyone is getting ready for the National Championship Game set to take place in Tampa January 9.
The stages are being built at Curtis Hixon Park, and after the Outback Bowl, Raymond James Stadium will go through another quick transformation.
Tryng to find a hotel room in Tampa for the game will either be extremely tough or might just break the bank.
Luckily for fans coming to town, Tampa residents are using the popular home sharing service AirBnB.
AirBnB allows the homeowner to rent individual rooms or their entire home to out of town guests, through either the app, or their website for a price set by the homeowner.
Alan Ruiz is new to the service, but says with so many people coming to town, why not give it a try?
“I live 10 minutes away, walking distance from the stadium. Why not try to make a little extra cash,” they said.
Many people offering up their homes are charging a pretty penny. Ruiz has listed their home for $1,800 a night, but says they are willing to negotiate a little.
While some homeowners are hoping to rent out one room of their house for $500 a night, others will hand over their house key for a cool, $3,500 per night.
Chief Strategist & Communications Director for the Republican National Committee Sean Spicer arrives in the lobby of Republican president-elect Donald Trump's Trump Tower in New York, New York, U.S. November 14, 2016. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - No evidence has emerged to suggest Russian hacking influenced the outcome of the U.S. presidential election and it would be irresponsible to jump to conclusions before receiving a final intelligence report, Donald Trump's spokesperson said on Monday.
"There is zero evidence that they influenced the election," Sean Spicer told Fox News.
Due to become White House press secretary when Trump enters the White House on Jan. 20, Spicer told CNN the president-elect would see the intelligence report once it was completed later this week. On Saturday, Trump warned against being quick to pin the blame on Russia for the hacking of U.S. emails.
"The idea that we're jumping to conclusions before we have a final report is irresponsible," Spicer told CNN.
President Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian suspected spies and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies last week for alleged Kremlin involvement in hacking that intelligence officials said aimed to help the Republican Trump defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election.
Leading lawmakers from both parties have voiced alarm at the suggestion of Russian interference, whether or not it made a difference in the outcome.
Republican John McCain, chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has scheduled a Thursday hearing on foreign cyber threats. The new Congress, elected on Nov. 8, takes office on Tuesday.
Calling for closer ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Trump has repeatedly played down the hacking affair.
Over the weekend Trump said they knew "things that other people don't know" and would disclose some information on the issue on Tuesday or Wednesday. They gave no further detail.
"He's going to talk about their conclusions and where they think things stand," Spicer told CNN. "He's not going to reveal anything that was privileged or shared with them classified."
On Sunday Spicer said the White House may have disproportionately punished Russia.
"It's baffling," U.S. Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, told MSNBC on Monday. "President-elect Trump does not have any better information than President Obama."
A Gallup Poll released on Monday showed less than half of Americans were confident in Trump's ability to handle an international crisis, to use military force wisely or to prevent major scandals in their administration.
The poll said at least seven in 10 Americans were confident in presidents Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton in those areas before they took office.
(Writing by Susan Heavey; Editing by Howard Goller)
It can be a pain to sell your gear on eBay for many reasons, not the least of which is packaging. How do you know a box will be large enough without having it on hand? eBay can help: it just launched a previously teased, ARCore-based augmented reality feature for Android that helps you choose a shipping box for US deliveries. Point your phone at your item and you can overlay USPS box sizes to determine which one will fit your outgoing goods. This could save you time testing boxes, and might save you some cash if you can get away with buying a smaller box (or better yet, using one you already have).
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – The Youngstown State University Police Department has named a new police chief.
Shawn Varso will be chief, effective May 1.
YSU announced the appointment to campus on Monday after an extensive job search and campus interviews.
Varso is a native of Youngstown, graduate of Youngstown State University and a 21-year veteran of YSU Police Department, according to the university. They have been serving as interim chief for the past year.
“Chief Varso is an experienced, respected law enforcement officer with an outstanding record of service,” said Shannon Tirone, associate vice president for University Relations, which oversees YSU police. “We look forward to their continued leadership.”
Varso earned a bachelor's degree in Criminal Justice from YSU in 1995 and joined the YSU Police Department in 1996 as a part-time police officer, eventually working their way up to lieutenant in 2012.
“YSU and the YSU Police Department have been a part of my life for more than two decades; I am honored to be named to this position and look forward to working with my fellow officers, students, faculty, staff, administration and the community to make the YSU campus a safe place to learn, work and live,” Varso said.
The position needed to be filled after the department let go of its chief due to an investigation into former YSU Police Chief John Beshara's use of a company vehicle and a trip they took with another officer.
Wike accuses NDDC of diverting funds to politics
By Jimitota Onoyume
PORT HAR-COURT— GOVERNOR Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has accused the new board of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, of allegedly diverting funds meant for development of the region to nurturing the political aspirations of some of its members for 2019.
The governor who spoke yesterday, at Government House, Port Harcourt, noted that there was no way the commission could achieve its mandate with some of the board members nursing governorship ambition, adding that the place had been allegedly reduced to a fund raising ground to oil political dreams.
They said: “NDDC is a fund raising commission for politicians who want to run for elections. The way NDDC is structured, it will not work. There is so much corruption in NDDC because board members are working to amass wealth to contest elections in their various states.”
The governor feared that the current board had abandoned its mandate for politics, adding that the state government wrote to the commission in 2016, suggesting projects that it should handle for the state but nothing was done.
They said: “NDDC reneged on its agreement with the Rivers State Government on the Mother and Child Hospital, even after the state government had paid its counterpart fund of N800million, while the NDDC refused to pay any kobo from its N900million contribution.
“If the Federal Government wants NDDC to work, why appoint a person who plans to contest the governorship election of their state? Why not appoint a technocrat?” Governor Wike asked.
The post Wike accuses NDDC of diverting funds to politics appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ANKARA, Turkey — Experts from Europe's top human rights body on Friday expressed concerns over decrees issued by Turkey's government that removed elected mayors from posts and replaced them with unelected officials.
Following last year's coup attempt Turkey declared a state of emergency that allows the government to rule by decrees, largely by-passing parliament. Turkey says the emergency powers are needed to deal with the coup-plotters and thwart security threats.
The Council of Europe's advisory body — known as the Venice Commission and made up of constitutional law experts — said it was “particularly worried” by the use of decrees to sack elected mayors and other municipal officials in Turkey's mainly-Kurdish southeast over terror-related charges and to appoint unelected officials in their place.
The Commission said: “Local authorities are one of the main foundations of democratic society… Their election by the local population is key to ensuring the people's participation in the political process.”
Among other things, the Commission called on Turkey to stop filling vacancies through appointments, to ensure that decisions affecting municipalities are taken after parliamentary debate and to introduce rules that would reinstate mayors if charges do not lead to a criminal conviction.
Opposition politicians say the government has used the state of emergency to crack down on critics.
More than 50,000 people have been arrested and some 110,000 others were sacked from government jobs in a large-scale crackdown on people with alleged links to terror groups or to U.S.-based cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who Turkey accuses of orchestrating the failed coup.
United States' Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has backtracked on their comments that it remains an "open question" if athletes from the country will compete at the 2018 Winter Olympic Games by insisting a full delegation will attend the event.
Haley caused concern when they raised doubts on the extent of American participation at the Games in Pyeongchang.
It comes as tension continues to rise between North Korea - located just 50 miles north of Pyeongchang - and the US.
In response to Haley's quotes, the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) reiterated their stance that they would be sending a full team to Pyeongchang 2018.
The White House and State Department have both expressed unqualified support for sending the full Olympics team and delegation.
The ambassador appears to have performed a u-turn on their original stance, telling Fox News Sunday that the "full US Olympic team" would compete at the Games.
"We're doing in this Olympics what we've done in every single Olympics," Haley said.
"If you look back, we have always talked about security in the Olympics.
"We've always talked about keeping our athletes safe.
"We're at the location and we're starting to secure the process.
"But we always look out for the best interests of the United States' citizens.
"But, yes, there will be a delegation that goes and we will do everything we can to make sure they're safe."
Nikki Haley made the comments as tension between North and South Korea continues to rise ©Getty Images
Representatives from other nations due to participate in Pyeongchang, notably France and Germany, have also raised security fears.
Concern in South Korea is far lower than similar rhetoric has been common ever since the Korean War ended with a ceasefire rather than a peace treaty in 1953.
The International Olympic Committee claim to be "closely monitoring" the situation but that it is currently safe for competition.
North Korea's Foreign Ministry claimed last week that the outbreak of war on the Korean Peninsular is an "established fact" and seemingly a matter of when rather than if.
The US flew a supersonic bomber over South Korea as part of a week-long set of military exercises intended to send a strong warning to North Korea - which has in turn carried out intercontinental ballistic missile tests.
A set of joint military exercises between the US and South Korea are scheduled to take part during March next year, despite it coming within the "Olympic Truce" window which is supposed to exist for the entire period of the Olympics and Paralympics.
Haley has also told the UN Security Council that "continued acts of aggression" from North Korea could lead to war, and that "if war comes, make no mistake - the North Korean regime will be utterly destroyed".
Soccer News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
Kotoko to the Top 4 bracket on 40 points while Ashgold is with 35 points
Former league champions, AshantiGold were given a raw deal by Bolga-based Referee Prosper Adii after awarding a doubtful penalty to aid Kotoko draw 1-1 with them in their outstanding mid-week clash at the Baba Yara Stadium in Kumasi yesterday.Strangely, Ashgold veteran goalkeeper George Owu who was impeded in an aerial tussle in the
Strangely, Ashgold veteran goalkeeper George Owu who was impeded in an aerial tussle in the six-yard box was mischarged by the referee and wrongly awarded the penalty to Kotoko to the chargrin of the fans. The decision was so shameful that even the home fans, including journalists, hooted at the referee after the match.
Saddick Adams converted the kick to equalise with just two minutes to end the match.
The draw leapfrogged Kotoko to the Top 4 bracket on 40 points while Ashgold is just above the drop zone with 35 points.
Hans Kwofie put Ashgold ahead on the stroke of the first half despite Kotoko's dominance. Kotoko attacked early in the game when just two minutes after kick off, defender Ahmed Adams hit the upright from a corner.
All this while, Ashgold had been in the driving seat with their trademark passing game but lacked the bite in front of goal.
However, it was Kotoko who kept pushing for the opener but in the 19th minute, bulky striker Saddick Adams flopped an open chance with only goalkeeper George Owu to beat.
And rather than seizing the opportunity to score, Saddick, characteristically of them decided to deceive referee Prosper Adii by feigning injury for a penalty but it was ignored.
Two former players of Kotoko, Theophilus Nyame and Abeiku Ainooson, who now play for Ashgold were the pillars in defence for their side, thwarting all the moves by Adams and Sarfo Gyamfi.
One moment of loss of focus by the Kotoko defence saw right-back Tijani Joshua race with the ball on the flanks to deliver a perfect pass for Kwofie to tap in for Ashgold.
Who Wants To Be an Adult? Teens Taking Their Time Growing Up Adolescents are taking longer to become adults than previous generations, according to a new study that cites the rise of smartphones, safer environments and even a declining birthrate as factors. Mid- to late-teens are delaying the classic milestones of adulthood, namely working, going out without their parents, driving, dating, having sex, and drinking alcohol, according to four decades of surveys reviewed for the study, led by San Diego State University professor of psychology Jean M. Twenge. Today's 18-year-olds exhibit similar milestone behaviors as did 15-year-olds in the late 1970s, Twenge said. Moreover, they're mostly doing this voluntarily -- parents aren't imposing this delayed independence. The spread of smartphones, which allow teens to socialize from the safety of their homes, is part of the explanation, said Twenge. The author of "Generation Me," they have released a new book on the generation born after 1995 called "iGen: Why Today's Super-Connected Kids are Growing Up Less Rebellious, More Tolerant, Less Happy -- and Completely Unprepared for Adulthood." But while smartphones and social media enable these trends, Twenge says it's not the whole explanation. Advances in safety and a declining rate of childbirth drive this process. When parents have fewer children and expect them to grow up, they will expend more care on them. The study was published Tuesday in the journal Child Development. Twenge was the lead author, and Heejung Park of Bryn Mawr College was co-author. They drew their conclusions from seven surveys of 8.3 million 13- to 19-year-olds between 1976 and 2016. Twenge said an evolutionary explanation called life history theory appears to be behind the trend. It classifies the maturation of species into "fast" and "slow" strategies. Fast strategies involve producing prolific amounts of offspring with minimal care. Spawning fish and lobsters are examples. Very high death rates are acceptable, because only a tiny fraction need to survive to perpetuate the species. Humans, with many years of care and training required for independence, represent the slow strategy. Modern society makes the slow strategy more feasible than before, Twenge said. Life in the Slow Lane "Life history theory makes the case that a slow life strategy is going to be more likely in a safe environment, where people have fewer children and people live longer, and expect their kids to start their own families later, and to have their education last longer," Twenge said. "And that's a pretty good description of today's environment." Meanwhile, Twenge has been getting a lot of attention for their latest book, some of it disapproving. A review on NPR called it a "cocktail of exaggeration and alarmism." Its conclusions on smartphone use were criticized in the Houston Chronicle by Christopher Ferguson, a psychology professor at Stetson University. A Wall Street Journal review was more positive, describing the book as persuasive. The study itself got generally favorable comments from Laurence Steinberg, an expert on adolescent development. Steinberg said they agreed that teens are taking longer to develop the habits of independent adults. "My quick take on this is that it's very interesting, although it isn't clear what the right interpretation is," said Steinberg, a professor of psychology at Temple University and author of "Age of Opportunity: Lessons From the New Science of Adolescence." "Some of these trends may be influencing each other -- for instance, driving and drinking are activities that are themselves linked to working (which generates income that is used to pay for alcohol and expenses), and dating or going out with friends (which may require driving and is often associated with drinking)," Steinberg said by email. "Certainly these trends are consistent with other data on the delayed entrance of young people into adult roles, like marriage, childbearing, entrance into the full time labor force, establishing a separate residence, and attaining economic independence," they said. "So I think it is reasonable to view these findings as consistent with the view that adolescence is lasting longer than it has before -- something I note in 'Age of Opportunity.'" Steinberg said they were not sure the "life history theory" explanation was correct. "I'd like to see some international data to see whether this is an American phenomenon or something more universal," they said. A Net Good? It's also possible that increasingly protective "helicopter parents" could be restricting their children's actions, Steinberg said, making it more difficult for them to get out of the house. "But I'd be careful to avoid interpretations that invoke images of today's young people as being less mature or more childlike," they said. Twenge said the adolescent surveys indicate that since children actually have fewer major fights with their parents, overly protective parents aren't the cause of these changes. "I agree with Dr. Steinberg that it's not correct to say that today's teens are less mature," they said. "For example, is it more or less mature to have sex during high school? Is it more or less mature to drink alcohol as a teen? It's neither. These trends are not about maturity or immaturity, but about taking longer to engage in adult activities." "Overall, I think these trends are a net good," they said. "However, parents also need to recognize that older teens in particular need more experience with independence if they're going to be successful college students and workers." Brent Crandal, a clinical psychologist at Rady Children's Hospital, said the study provides useful insights. "These are pretty strong findings," Crandal said. "They're found in several different data sets with more than 1 million participants. The trend identified shouldn't be ignored." Making the same point as Twenge, Crandal also said the results aren't good or bad. "It's just that development is happening over a longer course of time," Crandal said. © 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Health, Teens, Parenting, Psychology, Researchers, Smartphones, Social Media, Mobile Tech, Tech Trends Comment:
Name:
Quang: Posted: 2017-09-25 @ 11:08am PT It's because parents baby their kids and the kids don't go out and experience the world like they used to on their own.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A devoted Upton son has signed up to take on the challenge of the Berlin Marathon to mark the 20th anniversary of the death of their beloved mother.
Gary O'Reilly will head for the German capital to take part in the marathon on September 24 to raise money for the British Heart Foundation but it will be their mother Deirdre who will be on their mind during the event.
They said: “23/07/1997 – a date ingrained in my heart and mind forever. This was the day that my beloved mother Deirdre died suddenly of a massive heart attack whilst on holiday in Menorca at the age of 51.
“Like a scene from a film I was speaking to Mum one minute and then the next day I was flying out to Menorca to ID our beautiful Ma.
“Like so many others who have lost loved ones to heart related disease, I have always struggled with the suddenness of Mum's death and I want to turn that pain into pounds.
“So in memory of the 20th year of the passing of my Ma I am running the Berlin Marathon for the British Heart Foundation on September 24 to raise vital awareness and funds for research in to this killer disease.”
Gary has to raise £2,500 to be able to take part in next month's event and has made a lot of progress towards achieving that goal but still needs help to get them past the fundraising finishing line.
Visit http://www.virginmoneygiving.com/gogaryo to find out more and to sponsor Gary's marathon challenge.
Minister of Education Chris Hipkins has announced the government is scrapping National Standards. National Chairperson for Te Rūnanganui o Ngā Kura Kaupapa Māori, Cathy Dewes, says the organisation is ecstatic about the decision.
“This is the Christmas gift we've been waiting for a long time,” says Dewes.
“We really fought the government on its National Standards. So we want to congratulate the new government for scrapping them. Hooray, hooray, hooray!”
Teachers are instead being directed to focus on the progress and achievement of their students across the New Zealand curriculum.
“The National Standards were problematic for us in that they had a narrow focus and [were also] very limited in the criteria they stipulated for us to assess within,” says Dewes.
National Standards were introduced in 2010.
In 2015 the government agreed for the National Council of Māori Medium Schools to research, design and create a new process call Ngā Hua o Te Ako.
The initiative was funded by the Ministry of Education.
“We are still hoping for the new process [to be] relevant for Te Aho Matua. That issue is still on the table...we are discussing with the minister.”
Next year, schools will no longer need to report annually on National Standards.
Instead, the Ministry of Education is issuing a good practice guide to schools, kura, and kāhui ako as a flexible assessment tool for future planning, teaching and reporting practices.
The Kitchen helps many seniors with its Meals on Wheels program.
They are always looking for volunteers to deliver these meals and make sure these members of the community are receiving the help that they need.
You do not have to commit every week and it only takes about five minutes to fill out the paperwork.
For more information on how you can sign up click here.
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
MARVEL
This Thursday sees the release of the 18th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. But this is no normal movie: it's Avengers: Infinity War, the second most expensive film of all-time that's only sort-of ironically being called the “most ambitious crossover event in history.” (It is, according to directors Anthony and Joe Russo, one of the “most complicated movies ever made.”) Almost no one has seen it, almost no one knows who's getting out alive, and almost no one knows what the sequel is going to be called. Infinity War is a mystery wrapped in an enigma wrapped in Captain America's beard.
But instead of guessing what might happen, let's take a look back at what's already happened. The Marvel eras are separated into three phrases: the appropriately named Phase One, Phase Two, and Phase Three. They each currently contain six movies, from Iron Man to The Avengers, Iron Man 3 to Ant-Man, and Captain America: Civil War to Black Panther. (When it runs its course after Infinity War, Ant-Man and the Wasp, Captain Marvel, and next year's untitled Avengers movie, Phase Three will be the longest, with a total of 10 entries.) And they all have highlights and lowlights. But which is the best Phase? Let's find out! I've separated each Phase into four categories: average Rotten Tomatoes score, number of Oscar nominations, combined box office gross, and personal preference. There's no “right” answer for which Phase reigns supreme, but a) it's still a fun exercise to pass the time until Infinity War, and b) if you don't like Iron Man 3, you're wrong.
Phase One
MARVEL
Iron Man
The Incredible Hulk
Iron Man 2
Thor
Captain America: The First Avenger
Marvel's The Avengers
Average Rotten Tomatoes score: 80.5%
Number of Oscar nominations: 4
Combined box office gross (worldwide): $3,811,244,484
Personal preference: I'm going to begin with a hot take that will probably alienate half the people reading this, but I swear I mean it: Iron Man is slightly overrated. It was good at the time, but in a lowered expectation, “better than it should be” kind of way. But even I, a hater, have to commend Robert Downey, Jr.'s sharp performance. And Downey's performance almost, but not quite, carries the properly rated Iron Man 2, a rush-job production following the surprising success of the original that feels like it. (It's still weird that Mickey Rourke — Mickey Rourke — was in a Marvel movie.) But where Iron Man 2 failed, the fourth and fifth MCU movies — the stoic and charming Thor and winningly old-fashioned Captain America: The First Avenger — succeeded. Chris Evans is suitably genuine as the quintessential all-American hero and Chris Hemsworth has the physique of a god, and although it wasn't fully tapped until The Avengers, the timing of a comedian. (It's also still weird that Natalie Portman — Natalie Portman — was in two Marvel movies, but has since been all but forgotten.)
Speaking of The Avengers: that's where it all came together for the MCU. Writer and director Joss Whedon (he and James Gunn are the only ones to handle both scripting and directing duties by themselves) focused on the humanity of our heroes, something a lesser movie would have left behind to make room for more explosions. Those are there, too, but never in at the expense of the story. Hopefully, the Russos were paying attention in how to not overstuff a spectacle. Also, that Hulk movie happened.
LONDON — Kensington Palace says Princes William and Harry have chosen sculptor Ian Rank-Broadley to create a statute of their mother, Princess Diana, to mark the 20th anniversary of their death.
Rank-Broadley, whose image of Queen Elizabeth II has appeared on British coins since 1998, will complete the work by 2019. The statue will be placed on the grounds of Kensington Palace, where Diana once lived.
The princes said in a statement Sunday that the statue is meant to create “a fitting and lasting tribute to our mother” and to remember their life and legacy.
The princes added they had been touched by the kind words and memories shared with them about Diana this year, as the world recalled their death in a Paris car accident in 1997.
SANAA, Yemen — Yemeni security officials say local forces backed by the United Arab Emirates are expanding their reach in the country's south, where they have clashed with forces loyal to the internationally recognized president.
The UAE is part of the Saudi-led coalition battling Yemen's Shiite rebels on behalf of President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi, but has been at odds with Hadi for months.
The security officials said Monday that hundreds of Security Belt forces — fighters trained and financed by the UAE, have deployed in the Dhale province. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters.
The UAE and Hadi maintain separate security forces based in the southern city of Aden, which have clashed in recent months.
MANAMA, Bahrain – Saudi Arabia said on Monday that it would allow cinemas to operate in the strictly conservative kingdom for the first time in decades, in the latest sign of a broader government push to relax social restrictions, provide popular entertainment for young Saudis and diversify the economy.
In a statement, the Saudi Ministry of Culture and Information said the process of licensing commercial cinemas, which had been banned in the country since the early 1980s, was underway and that the first cinemas would open early next year.
As part of a social and economic reform program led Saudi Arabia's 32-year old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, officials have recently announced they would end a ban on women driving, allowed public music concerts and curbed the authority of “religious police” tasked with enforcing the country's conservative social norms.
Under Prince Mohammed, Saudi Arabia has also arrested hundreds of business people, princes and former government officials as part of an anti-corruption drive that also appeared aimed at consolidating the crown prince's authority as well as boosting the state's coffers.
While the changes have been broadly welcomed by young people as long overdue, they have risked angering ultraconservatives, including clerics. The changes have not included any broadening of political freedoms in Saudi Arabia, an absolute monarchy, and arrests over the last few months have included influential clerics as well as government opponents.
The emerging model in Saudi Arabia – of encouraging economic and social reforms, rather than political liberalization – follows the example of the United Arab Emirates, a neighbouring state that has emerged as the Saudi leadership's closest regional ally.
Awwad Alawwad, the Saudi minister of culture and information, called the opening of cinemas “a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy of the kingdom,” according to the government statement.
The opening of cinemas also opened up a potentially huge market for foreign developers vying for the kingdom's business, according to John Fithian, the president of the U.S.-based National Association for Theater Owners, who led a delegation that met with Saudi officials before the announcement on Monday. “This could be a billion dollar market down the road,” and employ more than 20,000 people, they said in an interview last week.
It also opened up a thicket of regulatory and logistical issues, from how strictly men and women would be segregated in the new theatres, to what kind of films would be permitted. The Saudi authorities heavily censor film content on TV, including love scenes, women's bodies or scenes that depict alcohol or drug use.
Saudi officials have also discussed plans to better support the kingdom's indigenous film industry. Saudi filmmakers have produced several critically-acclaimed features in recent years, including the feature-length “Wadjda,” but they have been overshadowed by more seasoned and better supported regional competitors, including Iranian, Egyptian and Palestinian filmmakers.
Sources of funding remained a concern. A member of the Saudi royal family, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, a billionaire investor who had shown an interest in local filmmaking, and was a producer of “Wadjda,” was one of the business people arrested during the anti-corruption sweep in November.
Baddest! Nigerian Man Marries Two Pretty Women At Once on New Year Eve (Photos)
Meet Isyaka Dahiru, a graduate of Accountancy who married 2 wives, Khadijah and Rashida on New Year's eve. Got something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share Northerners tradition allow marrying more than one wife if they are “able”, Isyaka has taken joy in the tradition and has married two beautiful ladies at once.
The post Baddest! Nigerian Man Marries Two Pretty Women At Once on New Year Eve (Photos) appeared first on Timeofgist.com.
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OTTAWA — Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett held back tears as they announced an agreement in principle with survivors of the '60s Scoop.
The agreement provides up to $750 million in compensation for individuals classified as status Indians and Inuit.
It also includes an investment of up to $50 million for a foundation for healing and reconciliation.
Bennett called the 60s Scoop a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history.
Between the 1960s and 1980s, Indigenous children were removed from their homes by child welfare agencies and placed in the care of non-Indigenous families.
The deal is aimed at resolving numerous related lawsuits, most notable among them a successful class action in Ontario.
Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock's arsenal included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told The Associated Press on Friday.
It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre Sunday night, but their purchase of 1,000 rounds provided more evidence of how methodically they planned the attack that killed 58 people and injured nearly 500.
Paddock bought the .308-calibre and .223-calibre tracer ammunition from a private buyer they met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the country music festival showed a muzzle flash from their 32nd-floor room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
Paddock's preparations included requesting an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiling 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and setting up cameras inside and outside their room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign they were contemplating massacres at other sites, they also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Investigators have yet to figure out what drove them to violence. The 64-year-old high-stakes gambler killed themselves as police closed in on their room.
A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
Their girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to their native Philippines before the attack, and they were unaware of their plans and devastated when they learned of the carnage while overseas, they said in a statement.
——
Billeaud reported from Phoenix. Associated Press writers Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago; Brian Melley and Andrew Dalton, in Los Angeles; Alanna Durkin Richer in Boston; Jonathan J. Cooper in Reno; Ken Ritter in Las Vegas contributed to this report.
——
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
Anna Paquin, the star of vampire series ‘True Blood', has claimed the breasts that were spotted in the background on a BBC News broadcast last week.
The video of a newsroom employee spied behind newsreader Sophie Raworth as they read the News at 10 went viral last week.
The asupervisorstioned employee appeared to be watching some racy material, seemingly blissfully unaware that they were on the telly.
But it didn't take long for it to reach Paquin, who has now solved the mystery.
Taking to Twitter, they told fans:
BBC accidentally shows woman's breasts during News at Ten https://t.co/aUzwiKhqIZ via @telegraphnews MY BREASTS!! SO FUNNY ON SO MANY LEVELS — Anna Paquin (@AnnaPaquin) August 11, 2017
Turns out it was from a scene in the HBO series, in which they played Sookie Stackhouse, a telepathic waiter who falls in love with 173-year-old vampire Bill Compton.
They then had a marvellous exchange with their husband, Brit actor Stephen Moyer, who played Compton in the series, which wound up after seven seasons in 2014.
Which scene is it? They have annoyingly blurred it out — Stephen Moyer (@smoyer) August 11, 2017
fairy land graveyard sex with warlow… duh! — Anna Paquin (@AnnaPaquin) August 11, 2017
It's not yet known whether the employee in question is in hot water over the blunder, but a BBC spokesperson told the Radio Times: “We are establishing the facts and circumstances.”
Presumably, it all has a perfectly legitimate explanation…
Read more
Tom Cruise injured on Mission: Impossible set
Cameron explains why all T-800 Terminators look like Arnie
Sharon Stone posts amazing video of their Basic Instinct audition
WINNIPEG — Justin Kirkland and Trevor Smith scored in the shootout as the Milwaukee Admirals halted the Manitoba Moose's nine-game winning streak with a 4-3 victory on Saturday in American Hockey League action.
Phil Lane, Jimmy Oligny and Tyler Kelleher supplied the offence in regulation for Milwaukee (12-10-1), which recovered from a two-goal deficit after the first period.
Cameron Schilling, Cam Maclise and Mason Appleton had goals in the first period for the Moose (17-5-3), the AHL affiliate of the Winnipeg Jets.
Juuse Saros stopped 23 shots for the win in net and Michael Hutchinson made 22 saves in defeat.
The Admirals were 1 for 2 on the power play and Manitoba was scoreless on four opportunities.
Was #BBNaija Finalist CeeC “Attacked” at the Airport? No! – BellaNaija
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Philadelphia city workers have moved in and cleared out two homeless encampments populated mostly by men and women addicted to heroin.
On Wednesday, residents packed up their belongings, stuffing some in shopping carts. Sanitation workers moved in and threw mattresses, tents, tables and other debris into garbage trucks and power washed the areas.
The action marked the end of a monthlong pilot program by the city to get help for those living in the encampments and make the city's Kensington neighbourhood safer.
City officials say more than 120 people from the encampments have accepted services, and nearly four dozen entered treatment.
But they acknowledge some of those forced to move will not have access to shelter and will likely just move on to other homeless encampments.
CONCORD, N.C. — Denny Hamlin's streak is alive.
Hamlin topped qualifying Friday night for the NASCAR Cup playoff race Sunday at Charlotte Motor Speedway, marking the 13th straight year they have captured a pole on the top circuit.
“I knew the time was running out to get a pole because I hadn't won one this year,” said Hamlin about their 25th career pole. “I wanted to keep the streak of winning one every year alive.”
Hamlin turned a lap at 191.598 mph in the No. 11 Toyota on the 1 1/2-mile oval for their first pole of the season. He'll share the front row with Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Matt Kenseth.
Hamlin has wins at New Hampshire and Darlington this year, but has never won at Charlotte. However, they have always run well here with 15 top 10s and seven top 5s at CMS. They attribute that success to things he's learned from teammates Kenseth and Kyle Busch.
“I love coming to this track because we do run really, really well here, so I'm glad to see it's in the sweet spot of the playoffs where we can really make some hay,” Hamlin said.
Kevin Harvick was third, followed by Kyle Busch and Clint Bowyer.
Dale Earnhardt Jr., who is racing for the final time at Charlotte, qualified 23rd in a backup car after they crashed just moments into practice .
Kurt Busch will start eighth.
Busch wore a “VegasStrong” t-shirt under their fire suit to honour the victims of the mass shooting earlier this week in the racing brothers' hometown.
Jimmie Johnson, a seven-time NASCAR champion with eight victories at Charlotte, did not advance out of the first round and will start 25th. Johnson was considered a strong contender to win this race given theirs given their history, but the poor qualifying may have dealt them a tough blow.
Johnson said it will be difficult to fight their way up through the field.
“I am disappointed with tonight and I am disappointed with how we are qualifying right now,” Johnson said. “We just haven't put our finger on it. But we are working hard at it.”
Earnhardt Jr.'s final weekend as a full-time driver at their home track got off to a bad start after crashing on a slick surface in practice.
Track officials added a substance — called PJ11 — to the high line of the track to improve grip. Earnhardt drove their car high early in the afternoon practice session, slipped and hit the wall, prompting their Hendrick Motorsports team to pull out their backup car.
Earnhardt thought the track was too slick.
“I'm avoiding it until somebody can go up there and shows me there is a lap up there,” said Earnhardt. “I ain't going near it, on purpose. Might end up it accidentally a few times, but I don't think anybody is willing to go up there without seeing somebody do it first. It's obviously very slick. It's like ice.”
None of the drivers crashed during qualifying.
Martin Truex Jr. said they think the track surface will get better and better as the weekend progresses.
“I think we just need some cars to run on that stuff and wear it in and get the track kind of prepped,” Truex said. “Certainly I don't think anyone expected it to be as challenging as it was. Maybe for the future we definitely need to look at a different way to prep the track so when we go out there guys aren't running into the wall.”
——
AP Auto Racing Writer Jenna Fryer contributed to this report.
——
More AP Auto Racing: http://racing.ap.org
A doctor who saw Prince in the days before they died had prescribed oxycodone under the name of Prince's friend to protect the musician's priv…
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Salvador Perez carried their own suitcase up the stairs when they arrived home from a stint at Triple-A Omaha, never once thinking about how perilous the trek was the last time they tried it.
The Royals' All-Star catcher was toting their bags up the stairs after returning from spring training last month when they slipped awkwardly on a step. They wound up straining ligaments in their left knee and has spent nearly a month on the disabled list.
Perez was activated along with outfielder Alex Gordon before Tuesday night's game against the Brewers. Perez was behind the plate and batting cleanup while Gordon was in left field and hitting seventh.
“I'm excited to be back on the field. It's time to go,” Perez said. “They asked how I was feeling. I'm feeling great. You know me. I like to play hard. I like to compete. I like to help my team win.”
The Royals have had a hard time with that lately. They were just 5-15 heading into their game against Milwaukee, all of those games with fill-ins Drew Butera and Cam Gallagher behind the plate.
Gallagher and outfielder Paulo Orlando were optioned to Triple-A Omaha as part of a series of roster moves Tuesday. Right-hander Justin Grimm went on the DL with lower back stiffness, and left-hander Eric Stout joined Perez and Gordon in making the trip from the Storm Chasers.
“You can't replace what Salvy brings to this team,” Royals third baseman Mike Moustakas said. “His energy, the way they go about their business, the way they play the game. When he's in the lineup there is no doubt we're a better team.
“The same with Alex,” Moustakas added. “When he's in the lineup, we're a better baseball team.”
Gordon was hitting .174 through the first seven games when they tore the labrum in their left hip, an injury similar to one they suffered in 2009 on the other hip. This time, they got an injection and rested rather than opt immediately for surgery, and they think that was the right move.
“It was good to get out there (at Triple-A) and test it in a game situation,” they said. “Now I'm just going to try to grind it out and finish the year healthy.”
Gordon said it's possible he'll need another injection, but “I'm not planning on it.”
Gallagher was hitting .208 and Orlando was hitting .191 when they were sent to Omaha. Grimm was 0-2 with a 21.86 ERA in 10 appearances while dealing with their ailing back.
“I think they felt it for a while,” Royals manager Ned Yost said. “He wouldn't admit it. But we knew something wasn't right. They came clean that they aren't firing off their backside very well.”
Yost said he'd been trying to find the right opportunity to give Stout a look after the young reliever impressed them in spring training a year ago. Stout was 1-0 with a 4.70 ERA in five appearances at Omaha this season, though their numbers were inflated by one bad outing.
“We'll see what they have,” Yost said.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Entertainment of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Zionfelix.net
2017-10-06
Vivian Jill
Multiple award-winning Ghanaian actor Vivian Jill Lawrence has two boys but the journey to conceive the second boy was not easy.
Before getting pregnant to Alfie Nana Amponsah Okobeng, their second son, Vivian had been trying to get pregnant for seven years but things were not going as expected.
Jill Lawrence during the period had four miscarriages and two ectopics all in a bid to get a new child.
The actor on Celebrity Ride With Zionfelix show shared how a man they nearly married left them due to the pregnancy issues. They disclosed that family of their then husband-to-be after critically analyzing the age of their first son, Clinton Oppong Agyemang concluded that they would have problems giving birth, so they should focus on their next child instead of marriage.
The screen goddess continued that mother of the man promised to allow the son marry them after they have delivered for him. The 34-year-old actor further told Zionfelix on the show that “all I heard was they had married for their son, so I had to wait for the right person”
Watch Vivian Jill Lawrence on Celebrity Ride With Zionfelix show below
Guanidinoacetic Acid Market by product type, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate by 2022 – The Financial
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Coaches will.i.am, Sir Tom Jones, Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale launch into their new home at ITV in the promo clip for The Voice UK.
After five years with the BBC, the judges lift off in zero gravity to their new channel as host Emma Willis warns: “Hang on to your seat”.
will.i.am: “Wow, this is dope”
The new series features a twist in the rules meaning judges won't get to see contestants at all (and vice versa) unless they press their buzzers, and a possibility that it will go head to head with Let it Shine on BBC1.
will.i.am almost loses their sunglasses in the promo so who knows what could happen in the actual series.
The Voice hits our screens in early 2017
MAMMOTH HOT SPRINGS, WY – A 21-year-old man, Gervais Dylan Gatete from Raleigh, North Carolina, sustained severe burns after falling into a hot spring late on Tuesday, June 13.
The incident occurred in the Lower Geyser Basin off of Fountain Flat Drive just north of the Old Faithful area. Mr. Gatete, currently an employee with Xanterra Parks and Resorts, was with seven other people when they fell. After the incident, the group attempted to evacuate Mr. Gatete by car.
Just before midnight, they flagged down a ranger near Seven Mile Bridge on the West Entrance Road. Park staff provided immediate medical assistance and transported the patient via ambulance to the airport in West Yellowstone. From there, they were flown to a hospital. Since rangers were not at the scene of the incident last night, it is not yet clear exactly where and how it occurred. Investigations continue today and additional information will be provided when it is available.
“Yellowstone's thermal features are dangerous,” said Superintendent Dan Wenk. “We continually stress that people must stay on trails and boardwalks in geyser basins, not only to protect resources, but for their own safety.”
The ground in hydrothermal areas is fragile and thin, and there is scalding water just below the surface. This is the first serious injury in a thermal area this year. Last June, a man left the boardwalk and died after slipping into a hot spring in Norris Geyser Basin. In August 2000, one person died and two people received severe burns from falling into a hot spring in the Lower Geyser Basin. Learn about safety in thermal areas at go.nps.gov/yellsafety.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WYTV) – The Division IV boys basketball All-Ohio teams were announced Monday by a statewide media panel. The teams were selected by members of the Ohio Prep Sportswriters Association.
2018 DIVISION IV OPSWA ALL-OHIO BOYS BASKETBALL
FIRST TEAM
Lukas Isaly, Hannibal River, 5-11, sr., 24.4; Mark Mayle, Malvern, 6-9, sr., 19.8; Michael Bothwell, Cornerstone Christian Academy, 6-3, Sr., 24.6; Trey Brooks, Elyria Open Door Christian, 6-4, jr., 21.0; Kaleb Bauman, Rittman, 6-2, sr., 17.4; Byron Taylor, Warren John F. Kennedy, 5-10, sr., 25.5; Jared Jakubick, Mansfield St. Peter's, 6-4, sr., 24.6; Randy Hixson, Glouster Trimble, 5-9, sr., 25.4; Dillon Braun, Fort Loramie, 6-1, sr., 16.5; Ethan Conley, Arcanum Franklin Monroe, 6-3, jr., 22.6.
PLAYER OF THE YEAR — Michael Bothwell, Willoughby Cornerstone Christian.
COACH OF THE YEAR — Chad Bever, Rittman.
SECOND TEAM
Hadley LeVan, North Lewisburg Triad, 6-1, sr., 25.3; Tanner Arey, Peebles, 6-0, sr., 22.6; Scott Troyer, Berlin Hiland, 5-10, sr., 13.9; Skyler Durbin, Danville, 6-3, sr., 22.9; Zane Purvis, Millersport, 5-10, sr., 20.0; Devan Yarber, Oberlin, 5-11, sr., 14.3; Braedon Poole, McDonald, 6-5, sr., 26.0; Drew Johnson, Pandora-Gilboa, 6-6, sr., 17.8; Javin Etzler, Convoy Crestview, 6-7, jr., 15.2; Justin Sweeney, Lisbon, 6-0, jr., 25.1.
THIRD TEAM
Andrew Cregan, Strasburg-Franklin, 6-4, sr., 11.7; Tyler Mescher, Maria Stein Marion Local, 6-2, sr., 16.4; Caleb Collins, Fairfield Christian, 6-2, sr., 21.5; Keenan Swindells, Lancaster Fisher Catholic, 5-8, sr., 11.3; Curtis Houston, Richmond Heights, 6-3, jr., 13.0; Kendall Saunders, Willoughby Cornerstone Christian Academy, 6-5, jr., 12.1; Zach Rasile, McDonald, 6-0, soph., 28.0; Hunter Muir, Ansonia, 6-4, jr., 16.6; Payton Tunis, Hicksville, 5-9, sr., 17.3; Mason Angle, Windham, 6-2, soph., 21.9.
SPECIAL MENTION
Donnie Vandeborne, Steubenville Catholic Central; Nate Karaffa, Toronto; Christopher Hupp, Caldwell; Landon Sanford, Granville Christian; Zach Saffell, Lancaster Fisher Catholic; Austin Lynn, Plain City Shekinah Christian;DeAngelo Lake, Cleveland Whitney Young; Malik Tucker, Richmond Heights; Brian Gabrielson, Bristol; Kolden Uribes, Montpelier; Cameron McCreary, North Robinson Colonel Crawford; Zeb Jackson, Toledo Maumee Valley Country Day; Tyler Schlarman, St. Henry; Max Loy, New Washington Buckeye Central; Jack Dapore, Russia; Tyler Siegel, Fort Loramie; Michael McCants, Cincinnati James N. Gamble Montessori; Sam Angelo, Coal Grove Dawson-Bryant; Carson Starlin, Corning Miller; Chase Walters, Ironton St. Joseph; Layken Gothard, Willow Wood Symmes Valley; Tanner Kimber, Franklin Furnace Green; Kade Conley, New Boston Glenwood; Shiloah Blevins, South Webster; Bryce Hilverding, Waterford.
HONORABLE MENTION
Ricky Adams, Willoughby Cornerstone Christian; Darius Dudley, Richmond Heights; Anthony Jordan, Cleveland Whitney Young; Jared Bublinec, Elyria Open Door Christian; T.J. Chapman, Andrews Osborne Academy; Jacob Artman, Ashtabula St. John, 6-4; Ron Nejbauer, Ashtabula St. John;
Jacob Webb, Old Fort; Elijah Cobb, Mansfield St. Peter's; Delano Smith, Toledo Christian; Logan Kemper, Ottoville; Brody Bowman, Lima Temple Christian; Simon Blair, Greenwich South Central; Hayden Hankinson, Centerburg; Caleb Logan, Westerville Genoa Christian; Chase McCartney, Sugar Grove Berne Union; James Meyer, Westerville Northside Christian; Levi Ross, Heath Licking County Christian; Noah Tomlinson, Grove City Christian; Garrett Wagner, Cardington-Lincoln; Evan Berning, Fort Loramie; Ethan Bowman, Union City Mississinawa Valley; Jeremi Cauley, Cin. Gamble Montessori; Colby Cross; Sabien Doolittle, Springfield Catholic Central; Dillon McCullough, Lewisburg Tri-County North; Marc Williams, Dayton Miami Valley School;
William Swartz, Rittman; Kade Hilles, Berlin Center Western Reserve; Anthony Baad, East Canton; Milan Square, Young. Valley Christian; Nate Solak, Lowellville; Dom Dalessandro, Dalton; Jacob Ickes, Lake Center Christian; Weston Thorla, Racine Southern; Braxton Hardy, Crown City South Gallia; Isaiah Fish, Reedsville Eastern; Seattle Compston, Corning Miller; Joey McDavid, Ironton St. Joseph; Aaron Music, Coal Grove Dawson-Bryant; Trever Yeager, Mowrystown Whiteoak; Kyle Sexton, New Boston Glenwood; Bostin Robinson, Peebles; Jamie Combs, Manchester; Bailey Sprague, Belpre; Travis Pottmeyer, Waterford; Josh Zandron, Shadyside; Ray Burdette, Bowerston Conotton Valley; Ryan LaFollette, Woodsfield Monroe Central, 6-1; Nick Miller, Sarahsville Shenandoah; Mitch Neidenthal, Strasburg-Franklin; Kobe Troyer, Berlin Hiland; A.J. Connor, Steubenville Catholic Central.
(Bloomberg) — President Donald Trump said they wish he'd never made Jeff Sessions their attorney general because the former Republican senator recused themselves from the probe of Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
Trump endorsed remarks Wednesday by House Oversight Chairman Trey Gowdy about Sessions even as they ignored Gowdy's strong dismissal of the president's claim that the FBI planted a “spy” in their campaign.
In a series of tweets on Wednesday, Trump approvingly quoted Gowdy's television appearance criticizing Sessions for removing themselves from oversight of the probe that's now being run by Special Counsel Robert Mueller. They said Trump had many other options for the nation's top law enforcement officer.
….There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, they could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
“There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, they could have picked somebody else!” Gowdy said. Citing the lawmaker's comments in a Twitter posting, Trump added: “And I wish I did!”
Rejecting ‘Spygate'
In the same TV interview, however, Gowdy, a former federal prosecutor, defended the Justice Department and FBI.
“When the FBI comes into contact with information about what a foreign government may be doing in our election cycle, I think they have an obligation to run it out,” Gowdy, a member of the House Intelligence panel, said on “CBS This Morning.” “I think the FBI, if they were at the table this morning, would tell you Russia was the target” and “the fact that two people loosely connected with the Trump campaign may have been involved doesn't diminish that Russia was the target and not the campaign.”
Asked why Trump persists with their “Spygate” claim, Gowdy — who's not running for re-election for their South Carolina seat and has made a point of keeping their distance from the White House on the Russia probe — said, “I've never met or talked to the president.”
On Sessions, Trump has expressed similar sentiments before, but the attorney general stepped down. A political firestorm would erupt if Trump fired Sessions or Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who's supervising the Russia probe, in an effort to remove or rein in Mueller.
The New York Times reported Tuesday that Trump asked Sessions in March 2017 to reverse the decision to recuse themselves and that Mueller is investigating the request as part of their inquiry into whether Trump sought to obstruct the Russia probe.
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don't think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before they took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country's…. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
….chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I'm not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too…and that's how I read that – Senator Sessions, why didn't you tell me before I picked you….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Justice Department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores declined to comment on Trump's tweet Wednesday, saying the department doesn't discuss presidential communications.
Latest flare-up
Trump's attack on Sessions is only the latest flare-up in tensions between them. During their confirmation hearing in January 2017, Sessions said they saw no reason why they would need to recuse themselves despite their role in the 2016 campaign as a leading Trump supporter and adviser.
Sessions reversed course and announced in March 2017 that they would recuse themselves from any investigation related to Trump's campaign for president after public revelations that they had contacts in 2016 with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. that he'd failed to disclose during the confirmation process. They said they made the recusal decision after several weeks of consultations with senior career officials in the Justice Department.
Sessions has never regained Trump's trust and confidence, even though they may be carrying out the president's agenda more effectively than any other Cabinet member by cracking down on illegal immigration, seeking tougher penalties on criminals and reversing an array of Justice Department policies instituted by former President Barack Obama.
Rosenstein has also weathered multiple attacks on their reputation and the integrity of Mueller's investigation. In the latest flare-up, Gowdy and other House Republicans demanded to see classified information about the origin of the investigation into Trump's campaign, including details about the FBI's use of an informant.
Rosenstein agreed to brief lawmakers last week after being summoned to the White House by Trump. Critics assailed Rosenstein for briefing lawmakers on May 24, saying they appeared to be caving to political pressure and giving Trump surrogates ammunition they could use to undercut Mueller's investigation.
Rosenstein's gambit appears to have worked, though, at least in the short run. It divided Trump from Republicans like Gowdy who came away from the briefing with the understanding that the FBI acted lawfully and was trying to better understand Russia's effort to interfere in the U.S. election.
— With assistance from Shannon Pettypiece
(AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino). In this photo taken on Thursday, April 5, 2018, Italian President Sergio Mattarella addresses journalists at the Quirinale Presidential Palace at the end of the second day of political consultations, in Rome. Italy's pr...
(Fabio Frustaci/ANSA via AP). Five-Star Movement leader Luigi Di Maio meets reporters at the Italian parliament, in Rome, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Italy will take more time to try to form a government rather than head for another election in order to a...
MILAN (AP) - Financial markets have calmed amid signs that Italy may avoid imminent elections after President Sergio Mattarella gave two populist parties time to figure out whether they can agree on an alternative to a euroskeptic economy minister.
The leader of the 5-Star Movement, Luigi Di Maio, has proposed moving the contested ministerial candidate to a different Cabinet post. League leader Matteo Salvini, meanwhile, said they aren't closing the doors on any solution. But he's also showing some resistance to the change, saying "if someone in Berlin or Paris wakes up in a bad mood that doesn't mean that an Italian minister gets kicked out."
Mattarella gave the leaders time to form a coalition government after markets plunged on news of an interim administration that would take Italy to new elections.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Members of St Gerard's Club in Lostock Hall have raised £14,000 for three charities, by hosting a series of activities over a period of 12 months.
For a previous story click here /a-music-and-beer-festival-in-lostock-hall-for-galloway-s-and-guide-dogs-for-the-blind-1-8826102
Members of St Gerards Club in Lostock Hall raised 5,000 for Galloway's Society for the Blind
The money, which was raised through marathons, ironman triathlons, sponsored walks, bike rides and raffles, was split between The Guide Dogs Association, Galloway's Society for the Blind and the NSPCC.
Over the past two years the club has donated £24,000 to the NSPCC, which earned it a special plaque of honour from the charity.
Steve Pettman, fund-raising organiser, said: “We gave £5,000 to Galloway's and the Blind Association and £4,000 to the NSPCC. Last year we donated £20,000 to the NSPCC so we were given a plaque, which is the highest honour for fund-raising and not given out often. Some of our members, who hold special birthday parties, ask for donations rather than gifts. One member Walter Adams, who sadly passed away last week, raised nearly £600 for their 90th birthday through donations.”
We did NOT expect to see these famous faces in the latest Marvel movie. Director Taika Waititi tells us how they pulled it off...
Going into new Marvel movie Thor: Ragnarok, fans will be expecting to see some pretty famous faces.
Advertisement
After all, in a cast boasting the likes of Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Cate Blanchett, Jeff Goldblum, Tom Hiddleston, Anthony Hopkins and Idris Elba, you'd be hard-pressed not to spot a star or two – and that's not even mentioning the much-trailed cameo for Benedict Cumberbatch's sorcerer superhero Doctor Strange (of which, more below).
But when they actually sit down to watch the new movie, they might be surprised to see some OTHER well-known faces hidden among the cast, appearing early in the movie for a hilarious (and very meta) scene involving Hiddleston's Loki and Hemsworth's Thor.
Look away now if you haven't seen the film or want to avoid spoilers…
Still here? Then you'll be among the surprised and delighted viewers who saw the scene in Thor: Ragnarok when Loki (disguised as Anthony Hopkins' Odin) put on a play about their own supposed death in the previous film, with the Asgardian actor portraying the God of Mischief non other than… Matt Damon.
Meanwhile, actor-Odin was played by Jurassic Park star Sam Neill (who previously appeared in Thor: Ragnarok director Taika Waititi's film Hunt for the Wilderpeople), while Thor's avatar was brought to life by perhaps the most inspired casting choice yet – Chris Hemsworth's real-life brother Luke Hemsworth (not to be confused with Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth), best known for their role in HBO series Westworld.
“That was just through contacts,” Waititi told RadioTimes.com of how they pulled off the hilarious casting coup.
“If Loki was gonna write a play about their death, then they would want to get the most talented actors they could, the biggest stars of Asgardian theatre, to come and do this thing.”
“And incidentally, is it the first film since Jurassic Park that Jeff Goldblum and Sam Neill have both appeared in the same movie? This is cross-universe stuff here.”
Neill wasn't the only one of Waititi's former stars to turn up among the cast, with Hunt for the Wilderpeople's Rachel House playing a key role as an assistant to Jeff Goldblum's Grandmaster and the same film's Cohen Holloway in another small role.
“You know, I often put in a lot of my actors from my other films… that for me makes it more of my film.” Waititi explained of the castings.
“It makes me feel more grounded, and a bit more relaxed.”
Meanwhile, Waititi themselves voiced and performed motion capture for their alien gladiator character Korg, portrayed as “a Maori guy from New Zealand” in the director's own words and a comedic highlight throughout the film.
As for Doctor Strange's cameo, well, that was a bit more straightforward, with the Thor team-up teased in one of the post-credits scenes from the earlier Cumberbatch movie – though as Waititi revealed, the finished version of the post-credits scene (which sees Thor and Doctor Strange share a drink and decide to work together) ended up being EVER SO SLIGHTLY different, if you're really paying attention.
“It is the same scene, we shot it at the same time,” Waititi explained.
“We actually shot that for our film, then we constructed that scene for the end of Doctor Strange from our footage.
“But [we] made it a LITTLE different, just because we didn't want to give away too much in Doctor Strange before we'd edited the film and everything.”
With all this, PLUS the traditional Marvel Stan Lee cameo (in this film, they play a gladiatorial barber, of all things), it's fair to say that Thor: Ragnarok may be the most star-studded, cameo-stuffed superhero movie ever to make it to screen.
Well, at least until next year, when Avengers: Infinity War is sure to knock it back into second place.
Advertisement
Thor: Ragnarok is released in UK cinemas now
Can Special Courts Help Check Corruption?
The Federal Government, in a recent broadcast by the Acting President, announced plans to designate some specific courts to handle corruption cases as part of judicial reforms to check public and private sector corruption in Nigeria. Given past records where only one ex-Governor has been tried and convicted for corruption among several other cases, do you think these new special courts can ensure effective prosecution and deterrence against looting and corruption in Nigeria?
ABIMBOLA AKOSILE
* No need for Special Courts, the relevant laws and the already existing courts are more than enough. The issue is lack of will to enforce the laws of Nigeria.
– Mr. Utibe Uko, Uyo, Akwa Ibom State
* Special courts? Will they be manned by ‘special' people and not the same ones we already know? What we need is a change of mindset and political will to holistically tackle corruption, not special anything. Corruption thrives because of our present mindset that sees government's money as nobody's money.
– Mr. John Ogunsemore, Lagos State
* It may create more jobs, increase government spending but won't make any difference to the rate of convictions. The problem is not with the tool but the personnel.
– Mrs. Ada Agina-Ude, Gender and Development Action, Surulere, Lagos
* One of the greatest threats against the fight to check corruption is the failure of getting the accused persons indicted. We therefore need to have a special court made up of Judges with integrity to ensure that the citizenry get justice for the embezzlement of their patrimony by charlatans and greedy people. This will be the revolution we need to move the course of justice forward.
– Prof. Kate Nwufo, mni, Abuja
* We do not need special courts as our resources are already depleted. Why waste more on a wild goose chase?
– Ms Nkeiruka Abanna, Lagos
* Special courts certainly can. They can provide speedier trials and save costs. However, it may not be very useful in loot recovery as all the regular convictions we have had so far have not included recovery of stolen funds. Only through seizures or plea bargaining has loot been recovered. As far as prevention is concerned, even the maximum sentence allowed for corruption cases is not enough of a deterrent for Nigerians. The only language we understand is that of preventing the crime before it happens, and blocking of leakages is our safest bet.
– Mr. Buga Dunj Jos, Plateau State
* There is no policy without its flaws, let it be done!
– Mr. Bankole Kupolokun, Lagos State
* Yes, the Federal Government's honest decision to designate some specific courts to handle corruption cases in Nigeria will spur judicial reforms and ensure effective prosecution and deter all looters. A combination of the special courts and the implementation of the mutual legal assistance bill passed recently by the House will aptly ground corruption especially with the spate of our current political will. Nigerians are glad.
– Miss Apeji Patience Eneyeme, Badagry, Lagos State
* We need judicial reforms before the special courts for corruption. The judicial arm of government is under-staffed, poorly motivated, poorly equipped, and judges are now into self-help. Without these reforms, no special court will make the required difference.
– Mr. Ikpa Matthew, Asokoro, Abuja
* No, special courts cannot check corruption in Nigeria. The judiciary has deeply compromised their integrity and they sell justice to only highest bidders. The poor face jungle justice and the jurors and lawyers suddenly get rich and flaunt such injustice publicly. No tangible result therefrom but colossal waste, polluted system, poverty and grave insecurity as usual.
– Mr. Apeji Onesi, Lagos State
* Who are to man the special courts; angels from heaven? As far as Nigerians are concerned, it is only God that would help us check corruption and doing Theirs will greatly help us eradicate corruption.
– Hon. Babale Maiungwa, U/Romi, Kaduna
* At the end of the day, they will set up a committee, just like Oputa Panel, appoint the same lawyers that have been unable to effectively discharge their duties. No need, waste of time, money and energy; please scrap it.
– Mr. Adegun Abiodun Mathew, Lagos State
* The battle against corruption is one this country has to fight to a standstill and it should be all-encompassing. However, the issue of special courts is a delicate one. Why don't we just re-jig what we already have, like the EFCC, for instance? Do we need to tinker with the Act establishing it to give it sharper teeth? We spend too much money paying salaries in this country – special courts to fight corruption will have to be staffed. This'll drain more money.
– Mr. E. Iheanyi Chukwudi, B.A.R., Apo, Abuja
* Special courts will alleviate or wipe corruption out, if some retired judges with track records are appointed with a time-frame in which to dispense each case; especially the ones since the inception of this administration. As it was said, “justice delayed is justice denied”.
– Mr. Dogo Stephen, Kaduna State
* Corruption is not the problem of Nigeria but leadership. We need leaders that will strengthen our institutions. Special courts will only enhance the process by reducing the long years spent in concluding one case; after all the judges will not come from the moon or heaven but from the system. Fighting corruption depends on our laws and institutions.
– Mr. Egbuna Nduanya, political scientist and Analyst, Enugu State
* It is a welcome development if there are specific courts for alleged corrupt individuals to be prosecuted. But the courts should avoid selective prosecution.
– Mr. Yusuf M.B.O, Nda Aliu, Kwara State
* There is no need of designating some specific courts to check and handle corruption in Nigeria. There is need to strengthen the existing structure and institutions that provide the enabling environment to make courts to perform their functions accurately. The Federal Government should also develop the strong political will and be honesty in fighting corruption.
– Mr. Michael Adedotun Oke, Founder Michael Adedotun Oke Foundation, Abuja
* In Nigeria where corruption is tried from opposition camp? We are waiting to see if this is another means of witch hunt.
– Mr. Aregbesola Abiodun, Lagos State
* Although it is hard to find integrity in the judicial system nowadays, special courts can really make a difference in curbing corruption in Nigeria. The selected judges will be under constant public scrutiny and they will strive to justify the confidence reposed in them, and ensure convictions that can stand appeal and higher decisions. However, there must be strict checks and balances in the appointment of such judges, to check undue influence by corrupt persons.
– Mr. Olumuyiwa Olorunsomo, Lagos State
THE FEEDBACK
Yes, they can: 6
No, they cannot: 5
Others: 8
Radical tip: Sincere leaders!
Total no of respondents: 19
Male: 15
Female: 4
Highest location: Lagos (9)
Next Week: Can Regional Autonomy Prevent Nigeria's Breakup?
Although personalities have been calling for restructuring of Nigeria, recent calls for separation by various ethnic groups and regions present a present danger to the country's existence as a single corporate entity. In your view, can regional autonomy – where regions are strengthened to harness comparative advantages to develop themselves and only contribute to the centre – help avert a collapse of the current federal structure?
Please make your response direct, short and simple, and state your full name, title, organisation, and location. Responses should be sent between today (June 15 & Monday, June 19) to abimbolayi@yahoo.com, greatbimbo@gmail.com, AND abimbola.akosile@thisdaylive.com. Respondents can also send a short text message to 08023117639 and/or 08188361766 and/or 08114495306. Collated responses will be published on Thursday, June 22
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MONTREAL — Just like for a Christmas cookie, there's a recipe that goes into the making of a best-selling toy.
Each year, toymakers hope they've found the perfect balance of technology, whimsy and price to appeal to children and their parents alike, sending their products racing to the top of the coveted “Hot Toy” lists.
This year, Montreal-based WowWee Canada Inc. appears to have found the magic formula with Fingerlings, a line of animatronic baby monkeys who respond to touch and sound by blinking, chirping, and blowing kisses.
They were released earlier this year and quickly sold out in stores, prompting frantic online searches by parents looking to secure one of the colourful 12-centimetre-long plastic toys in time for Christmas.
As of this past Friday, various colours of Fingerlings made up three of the top five toys on Amazon.ca, and they've been described as one of the hottest toys of the year by Forbes.com, ToysRUS and Target.
The product's runaway success is not entirely surprising to WowWee's creative director, Benny Dongarra, who was part of the Montreal team that designed the toy.
They said they always believed it would be a huge hit — but, then again, they believe that of every toy they make.
“It's hard to say, because we've seen that coming with a lot of items, but it actually came to fruition with Fingerlings,” they said in an interview at the company's Montreal headquarters.
While the toys are manufactured in China, they were conceived and designed at the historic red-brick building just south of Montreal's Lachine Canal that serves as office and toy lab.
Fingerlings began with a simple idea from brand manager Sydney Wiseman, who'd been watching videos of a South American breed of monkeys called pygmy marmosets, who are small enough to wrap their arms and legs around a human finger.
“She said, ‘can we make this into a toy?”‘ Dongarra recalled. “I said, ‘yeah, I think we can do that.”‘
There in the office, surrounded by the toy robots and remote-controlled dinosaurs of Christmases past, they began sketching, 3-D modelling and creating the early prototypes of what would become the Fingerling.
Dongarra said the team knew almost from the outset it wanted the toy to be the same size as the marmoset, to cling to the finger of the person holding it and to respond to them through emotion, sound and touch.
“We were sure pretty early on that we had a winner on our hands — well, on our fingers,” they said.
The task of animating the toys fell to people like Anthony Lemire, a mechanical engineer who helped to design the toy's 40 or so sounds and movements.
While WowWee has a long history of designing robotic toys, they say the challenge in this case was to include as many features as possible without surpassing the approximately $20 price tag.
“We want to put as much technology as possible, but not overkill the product,” they said.
Once the prototypes were complete, the process shifted from Montreal to the company's Hong Kong office, which oversees the production and assembly.
They said the total process took about nine months — a quick turnaround Dongarra credits to the company's relatively small size.
They believe the toy's popularity is due to its interactive personality and the fact parents like it, too.
“It's cute, it's lovable, it's at the right price point, and your daughter or son is begging for it,” they said.
The toy's popularity has prompted WowWee to expand the Fingerlings line, which now includes a unicorn and a sloth.
They've also bumped up production in order to get more of the products on the shelves before Christmas.
But their success has also meant having to crack down on counterfeiters after a number of shoppers reported having been fooled into purchasing fakes online.
The company sued 165 counterfeiters earlier this fall, and CEO Richard Yanofsky has said the firm has notified customs officials around the world to try to stop fakes coming from China, where the authentic ones are also made.
Industy expert Michelle Liem says Fingerlings embody many of the current toy trends: they're interactive, extremely cute and affordable enough to become collectibles.
“Now that kids are so used to technology, when you can embed technology into a traditional toy it seems to add another layer,” said Liem, NPD Group's toys director.
They said most of the “must-have” toys in recent years have had an interactive element, but stresses it's impossible to predict with total certainty which ones will capture kids' imagination.
“To be right every time, to predict each one, it's still very hard to know.”
LONDON — The former head of the official “leave” campaign in Britain's 2016 vote on European Union membership denied breaking spending rules on Wednesday ahead of a report from the country's electoral watchdog.
The Electoral Commission has not yet published its report on Vote Leave.
But Matthew Elliott, who headed the group, said the commission has concluded that Vote Leave broke rules by donating more than 600,000 pounds ($800,000) to another group then using the money for its own activities.
Elliott denied wrongdoing, saying Vote Leave acted “both within the letter of the law and also the spirit.” They told the BBC that Vote Leave planned to challenge the Electoral Commission report in court.
The commission said it was “unusual” for Vote Leave to issue a public reaction to its initial findings. It said it would publish its full report “at the earliest opportunity.”
The watchdog has conducted several investigations into the referendum, which was won by those wanting Britain to leave the EU.
Another pro-Brexit organization, Leave.EU, was fined 70,000 pounds in May for overspending and filing inaccurate records.
The probes have become entangled with inquiries into Facebook's use of users' data because the Brexit campaigns allegedly had contact with the political consultancy Cambridge Analytica, which used data from tens of millions of Facebook accounts to help U.S. President Donald Trump's 2016 election campaign.
Former Cambridge Analytica and Vote Leave staffers have alleged that the group used its undeclared donation to pay a Canadian data firm, Aggregate IQ, for targeted messaging services.
Opponents of Brexit say campaigners' skulduggery may have unfairly influenced the outcome of the June 2016 referendum.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Did you spot a well known face from the local music scene making a cameo appearance in the final episode of Peter Kay's Car Share?
Playing their part in the last ever show was Chester's very own David Greenald, from Boughton, who portrays a supermarket trolley man.
And proof if it was needed that they are currently enjoying their 15 minutes of fame – they were recognised in a supermarket of all places!
“I did get recognised in Sainsbury's by one of the staff there,” they said.
The BBC1 comedy centres around the friendship that develops between supermarket assistant manager John Redmond (Peter Kay) and promotions rep Kayleigh Kitson (Sian Gibson) after they take part in the company car share scheme.
And the cheesy last episode is all about ‘will they or won't they' get together.
But an ongoing theme throughout the series is the hunky topless trolley man, known as Ted and Ted II, who gives Kayleigh an excuse to drool as the car pulls into the supermarket car park. So they are taken a back when new trolley man David swishes their hair and gives them the eye.
Kayleigh exclaims ‘Who's that?' which attracts the response ‘Christ knows' from Peter Kay's character John. They then asks ‘Where's Ted II?' to which John answers ‘He's gone back uni, hasn't he? They were only here for the summer'.
A downbeat Kayleigh concludes: “Well, that's my summer officially over.”
(Image: Matt Squire)
David, best known locally as an acclaimed singer-song writer, is no stranger to extra work and says the sequence was filmed about two years ago so it came as a surprise when they started getting messages from friends about their star appearance on Monday night.
And although the scene took the mickey out of David's appearance they don't care.
“It doesn't bother me,” said David, who recalls bantering with the actors playing Ted I and Ted II.
And despite their appearance in the same scene, David didn't actually meet Sian (Kayleigh), who lives in Mold, but they did work with Peter Kay in their role as director.
“He was pleasant towards me as well, nice to work with,” added David, who is not a massive fan of Car Share. “It's not my choice of comedy to be honest but we still had a giggle.”
David has also appeared in other well known TV shows but is becoming a little typecast due to their long hair. They have been in Coronation Street as a homeless person and a drug addict and played a convict in Cold Feet. They also had a part in Jack Whitehall's Fresh Meat.
“The only other one where I wasn't a convict or a homeless person or a druggie was when I was in the Sky TV comedy-drama Mount Pleasant where I was in a band playing the guitar and miming with Larry Lamb as the singer.”
David has been in the bands World Upside Down and Lord Scotland but is currently concentrating on recording their own original material.
The former Holland's Got Talent contestant previously represented their country as part of The Common Linnets in 2014
The Netherlands' entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 is Waylon, a country/American singer who has previously represented the Dutch at the competition with their band The Common Linnets in 2014, coming second to Austria's Conchita Wurst. Not a bad effort, then.
Advertisement
Meet Waylon below.
Who is Waylon?
Waylon, AKA Willem Bijkerk, was born in Apeldoorn in 1980. Throughout their childhood they developed a love for country music and in 2008 they got their big break, coming second on Holland's Got Talent. A year later they signed with Motown Records and dropped their first album, Wicked Ways, which reached the top 10 in their home country.
In 2014, they teamed up with singer Ilse Delange to form The Common Linnets, coming second at Eurovision in Copenhagen with their song Calm After The Storm. It was the country's best ranking at the competition since their last victory in 1975 – so there will be a lot of people hoping that Waylon will be able to do the business this time around.
What is The Netherlands' Eurovision 2018 song called?
Waylon penned ‘Outlaw In ‘Em', an energetic country rock anthem, in Nashville, Tennessee – the home of country music.
Advertisement
The Eurovision Song Contest Grand Final takes place in Lisbon, Portugal, on May 12th 2018
Teslas and Nissan Leafs are likely to become a much more common sight on the world's roads in the next two years, the International Energy Agency says.
The global fleet of electric vehicles is likely to more than triple to 13 million by the end of the decade from 3.7 million last year, according to a report released Wednesday from the Paris-based institution, which was set up to advise industrial nations on energy policy.
Sales may soar 24% each year on average through to 2030.
The findings illustrate the speed at which the world's transportation system is shifting toward cleaner fuels as governments focus on limiting pollution and greenhouse gases. Tesla Inc. and Nissan Motor Co. have some of the best-known EVs on the road now, but major automakers from Volkswagen AG to General Motors Co. and Audi AG have followed suit in announcing dozens of battery-powered versions of their models.
“The dynamic policy developments that are characterizing the electric car market are expected to mobilize investments in battery production, facilitating cost reductions and ensuring that battery production takes place at scales that exceed significantly what has been seen so far,” said Pierpaolo Cazzola, senior energy and transport analyst at the IEA.
Here are some of the key findings of the IEA's report:
1. China will remain the biggest market.
Electric vehicles are expected to take just over a quarter of vehicles sold in the Asian nation by 2030, up from 2.2% last year, according to the IEA's estimates. More than half of global sales in 2017 were in China, followed by the U.S.
The Chinese government has put a number of policies in place to encourage EVs, part of an effort to cut air pollution in smog-choked cities. In 2017, the government in Beijing it set minimum requirements for domestic carmakers on electric vehicle production through a credit trading system. It also extended a 10 percent tax rebate for consumers until 2020.
2. EVs will displace lots of oil from the market.
Electric cars run on batteries charged by power plants, instead of on gasoline or diesel fuel. With an estimated 130 million light-duty vehicles expected on the world's roads by 2030, the IEA estimates about 2.57 million barrels of oil per day won't be needed. That's about as much as Germany uses each day. Last year, the global EV fleet displaced 380,000 barrels a day of demand, about half of what Belgium consumes.
The IEA's estimate is more punchy than Bloomberg New Energy Finance's expectation that 2.23 million barrels per day will be displaced from the market by electric vehicles by the end of the next decade.
For BNEF's report on electric cars and the oil market, click here.
3. Governments will have to find new sources of tax revenue.
Governments around the world may lose out on $42 billion in tax revenue from road fuel sales by 2030 in the IEA's central scenario. In the report's most aggressive forecast for EV uptake, it was as high as $92 billion.
Last year, China's fuel tax revenue was already cut by $2.6 billion because of the growing share of electric vehicles on the country's roads, the IEA said.
4. At least 10 more giant battery gigafactories will be needed.
Demand for batteries is expected to rise by a factor of 15 by 2030, largely driven by light-duty vehicles such as cars and vans. China's burgeoning market is expected to make up half of the world's demand, followed by Europe, India and the U.S.
That means the world needs many more battery production plants like the Gigafactory that billionaire Elon Musk's Tesla is building in Nevada. That facility draws its name from the word giga, meaning billion. It will produce 35 gigawatt-hours of batteries over 4.9 million square feet of operating area.
5. Buses are going electric too
There will be 1.5 million electric buses in use worldwide by 2030, up from 370,000 last year, according to the IEA.
Almost 100,000 electrified city buses were sold last year, 99 percent of them in China. The Chinese city of Shenzhen is leading the pack with an all-electric bus fleet. A number of cities in Europe's Nordic region such as Oslo, Trondheim and Gothenburg also have electric buses in operation.
6. Cobalt and lithium demand is surging
Cobalt and lithium are key ingredients in the rechargeable batteries that power electric vehicles as well as electronics from mobile phones to laptops. Demand could possibly rise tenfold, but technological advances and adjustments to battery chemistry could also significantly reduce this.
Since about 60% of the world's cobalt is mined in the Democratic Republic of Congo where child labor still exists, battery makers are under pressure to show that their products are made sustainably. This may provide an incentive to shift away from cobalt-heavy batteries.
By Anna Hirtenstein
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Ngāti Whātua Ōrākei are hosting an Apihai Te Kawau Day today. This day signifies the day their Tupuna Apihai signed Te Tiriti o Waitangi.
The launching of the occasion comprised the coming together of the people. Iwi leader, Taiaha Hawke says it's a significant day for the entire iwi, and they want this day to be celebrated in years to come.
Te Kāea will have more later today at 5:30pm.
"He would do anything for the team," said former sevens teammate Sean Duke, who scored 124 tries for Canada. "The amount that guy works is insane. And he's always been that way.
"He's one of the toughest players I've ever played with. Probably the toughest. They will put their head anywhere. He's not afraid of anything."
Duke noted how Moonlight would always be the one sprinting towards an opposition try-scorer, busting a gut to deny an easy conversion from under the posts.
Moonlight played in a Canadian-record 318 matches on the World Series, 14th on the all-time list, and scored 580 points.
Moonlight was the longtime Canadian skipper but shared the captaincy recently with Nate Hirayama and Harry Jones after missing time with the team to take a firefighting course in Texas.
Former Canadian seven coach Liam Middleton called Moonlight "the full package."
"John's a phenomenal person, first and foremost," Middleton, a native of Zimbabwe who has coached around the world, said in 2015. "He's one of the most exceptional people I've met in my rugby career. Fantastic leader, a guy of high great integrity. Huge work rate."
After becoming a carded athlete, Moonlight honed their body in the weight room. Watching them run, it was hard not to marvel at the muscles in their legs.
Moonlight does not expect to continue playing rugby at club level but hopes to stay involved in the sport, helping young talent develop. And while they have experienced both the highs and lows of Canadian rugby, they are optimistic about the future of the sport here.
"I see there's some good people, especially in the sevens program, trying to do good things," Moonlight said. "If we get the (talent) development right, I think Rugby Canada is going to get themselves back on track."
Their next goal is to compete in an Ironman triathlon.
Quiet by nature, Moonlight led by example, according to Duke.
"That's the best way to do it," Duke said. "You can't talk the talk without walking the walk. And they definitely walked the walk."
Moonlight, who also won 23 caps for the 15s team including three games at the 2015 World Cup, counts the 2017 Singapore win as one of their career highlights.
"(It was) huge for me," they said. "One of the things I always said in my career was I wanted to lift a cup before I ended (playing)."
They also pointed to the roar that greeted the Canadian team when it ran out in the inaugural Canada Sevens tournament at Vancouver's B.C. Place Stadium in 2016.
"To be able to represent our country in our country and have so many people cheering for us. That's one of those moments I'll never forget. It was so loud in there."
Moonlight repaid the favour, bulling their way over for the decisive try with no time remaining to complete a 19-17 comeback win over France in the Bowl final.
And they recalled winning the inaugural Pan American Games rugby sevens gold in Guadalajara in 2011 — sharing a post-game celebratory pizza in the stadium next to Hirayama and Duke, whose fresh stitches were still leaking blood.
"One of my favourite memories," said Moonlight.
In 2015, when Canada won Pan Am gold in Toronto, they were named Canadian men's sevens player of the year for the fourth straight year.
Moonlight took up the sport in Grade 9 as a back. But after Googling the different positions, they decided the hard-nosed world of a flanker sounded more their style.
They also played hockey, football and volleyball, but started focusing on rugby when Paul Connelly, who taught and coached at Uxbridge Secondary School, told them they were good enough to play for the Canadian under-19 side.
Moonlight made the Ontario team — they had been cut the year before — and earned a spot on the Canadian under-19 squad the next year. Their cousin David Moonlight, a former Canadian international and sevens player of the year, also encouraged him.
John Moonlight, who has lived in Victoria since 2007, joins fellow Canadian rugby internationals Morgan Williams, Chauncey O'Toole and Derek Daypuck in becoming a firefighter.
Moonlight sees similarities between rugby and firefighting in terms of the team approach to both.
"We talk about having trust in each other on the field all the time and trusting that the guy beside you will do their job when you need them to. Well it's the same thing in firefighting. You're always working in pairs and you're always working for the team ... You're successful together, much like on the (playing) field."
---
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
NEW YORK — Police say a New York City teacher has been arrested for sending nude photos of themselves to a 15-year-old former student.
The Daily News reports (http://nydn.us/2xobAyq ) 35-year-old Michael Cognato was arrested Friday and accused of sending naked photos and videos to the girl.
Prosecutors say they also persuaded the girl to send lewd videos of themselves to him.
Cognato is a teacher at Intermediate School 93 in Queens. Prosecutors say the girl was their student when they were in the eighth grade and they stayed in contact after they graduated from the school.
Cognato faces charges including promoting a sexual performance by a child.
A city Department of Education spokesperson says Cognato has been removed from the classroom.
Information about a lawyer for Cognato was not immediately available.
——
Information from: Daily News, http://www.nydailynews.com
if there was any town worth dying for, then that should be Ashaiman – Stonebwoy
The just-ended “Ashaiman to the world” concert, held at the Ashaiman Saka Saka park has revealed that if I die today, I die a hero.
Known in real life as Livingstone Etse Satekla aka Stonebwoy has stated they will be a hero to die for Ashaiman.
Thrilled to about 40 to 50 thousand patrons on the night the 2015 BET award winner performed with their colleague in the same genre [Reggae and Dancehall] popularly known as Shatta Wale
They continued that if there was any town worth dying for, then that should be Ashaiman.
Signed to Zylofon Media Stonebwoy averred that, “Wherever I go, the first thing that, comes out of my mouth is Ashaiman, am not afraid, I don't feel shy that, I am an Ashaiman boy”.
“I feel too proud to have emerged from Ashaiman and would not hesitate to continue to broadcast that, to let the world know that Ashaiman too has good stuff,” they added
قالب وردپرس
Comments
Ales of all flavours and colours were on offer as an annual beer festival in Leeds flowed into town at the weekend.
Morley Beer Festival, hosted at Morley Cricket Club, kicked off on Good Friday with dozens of craft and real ales for visitors to try.
PIC: Andrew Bellis
The event, which took place until Sunday, was officially launched by Iraq War veteran Simon Brown, from Morley.
Mr Brown was blinded when they were shot in the face by a sniper during their service but last month was honoured with the People's Choice accolade at the Soldiering On Awards.
Beer drinkers were treated to a range of bar-side entertainment throughout the festival.
And more than 30 different ales and ciders pack the bars at this year's event for visitors to taste, including prosecco and wines.
Newspaper: Morley Observer. Story: Annual Morley beer festival held at Morley Cricket Club, Scatcherd Lane, Morley. Reporter: Nick Frame. Photographer: Andrew Bellis email: andrewbellisphotography@gmail.com Twitter: @SnapperAndrewB Mobile: 07885 426 523 Photo date: 14/04/17 Picture ref: AB0106g0417
COLUMBUS, Ohio – The Division III boys basketball All-Ohio teams were announced Monday by a statewide media panel. The teams were selected by members of the Ohio Prep Sportswriters Association.
2018 DIVISION III OPSWA ALL-OHIO BOYS BASKETBALL
FIRST TEAM
Chase Yoho, Bellaire, 5-10, sr., 25.6 ppg; Danny Bartholomew, Magnolia Sandy Valley, 6-8, sr., 17.9; Tre' Baumgardner, Columbus Africentric, 6-0, sr. 17.0; Christopher Anthony, Canal Winchester Harvest Prep, 6-0, soph., 20.2; Jordan Burge, Cleveland Heights Lutheran East, 6-3, sr., 18.6; Jay Kaufman, Ottawa-Glandorf, sr., 6-5, 18.6; Dylan Swingle, Bainbridge Paint Valley, 6-11, sr., 23.1; Tanner Holden, Wheelersburg, 6-6, jr., 17.6; Justin Ahrens, Versailles, 6-6, sr., 25.3; Ryan Rose, Tipp City Bethel, 6-2, sr., 22.3.
PLAYER OF THE YEAR — Justin Ahrens, Versailles.
COACH OF THE YEAR — Nate Barhorst, Anna.
SECOND TEAM
Cal Kildow, Belmont Union Local, 5-9, jr., 17.7; Solomon Pierre-Louis, Columbus Wellington, 6-3, sr., 16.0; Claudio Penha, Canal Winchester Harvest Prep, 6-6, sr. 19.5; Gabe Walker, Wooster Triway, 6-3, sr., 21.8; JoJo France, Akron Manchester, 5-8, sr., 19.4; Dorian Crutcher, Elyria Catholic, 6-4, sr., 23.2; Maxwell Joppeck, Wellington, 6-5, sr., 23.7; Bryce Williams, Archbold, 6-3, sr., 13.9; Tanner Perdue, Piketon, 6-2, sr., 24.5; Wyatt Bensman, Anna, 6-2, sr., 16.5.
THIRD TEAM
Trey Smith, Cin. Country Day, 6-2, sr., 19.6; Drake Novak, Rayland Buckeye Local 6-1, sr., 25.1; Chanc Dawson, Columbus Ready, 6-4, sr., 18.4; Jacob Reed, Smithville, 6-4 sr., 17.8; Lukas Swartz, Mogadore, 5-11, soph., 20.5; Drake Batcho, Champion, 6-4, sr., 21.6; Tyler Stephens, LaBrae, 6-5, jr., 18.0; Josh Borling, Columbia Station Columbia, 6-6, sr., 17.3; Jacob Plantz, Genoa, 6-3, jr., 21.0; Eric McLaughlin, Lynchburg-Clay, 6-6, sr., 19.7.
SPECIAL MENTION
Luke Powell, Barnesville; Ethan Roden, Sugarcreek Garaway; Demetrius Johnson, Galion Northmor; Owen Hazelbaker, Johnstown Monroe; Dallas Patrick, Columbus Wellington; Jah Bennett, Columbus Africentric; Jason Bolha, Mount Gilead; Luke Lachey, Columbus Grandview Heights; Stone Sirpilla, Canton Central Catholic; Collin Albert, Beachwood; Jayson Woodrich, Beachwood; Jared Freeman, Andover Pymatuning Valley; Joey Holifeld, Oregon Cardinal Stritch; Jevon Dible, Upper Sandusky; Payton Jutte, Fort Recovery; James Hill, Milan Edison; Brice Hill, Cin. Seven Hills; Justin Flor, Carlisle; Jack Cravaack, Cincinnati Madeira; Tayshaun Fox, South Point; Lane Brewster, Latham Western; Michael Miller, Beaver Eastern; Elijah McCarty, West Union; Mitchell Hale, Oak Hill; Landon Carroll, Oak Hill; Ty Kildow, Belmont Union Local.
HONORABLE MENTION
James Anderson, Troy Christian; Damani McEntire, Cin. Deer Park; Brayden Sipple, Blanchester; Caleb South, Tipp City Bethel; Lorenzo Sparks, Cin. North College Hill; Grant Whisman, Middletown Madison; Mark Wise, Cin. Deer Park;
Derek Reber, Apple Creek Waynedale; Mason Jakacki, Mantua Crestwood; Dra Rushton, Young. Liberty; Logan Kiser, Leavittsburg LaBrae; Gage Friend, Newton Falls; Connor Kerr, Mogadore; Mike Cunningham, South Range; Weston Baer, Pomeroy Meigs; Ryan Davidson, Albany Alexander; Bryce Newland, Bainbridge Paint Valley; Rex Hartman, Chillicothe Southeastern; Ethan Wilson, Ironton; Marcus Hamilton, Sardinia Eastern Brown; Daniel Jordan, Portsmouth; Cole Lowery, Wheelersburg; Evan Leist, Beaver Eastern; Austin McCormick, Seaman North Adams; Caden Miller, Crooksville; Mason Darby, Oak Hill; Matt Simpson, Wellston; Zach Grafton, Old Washington Buckeye Trail; Jeremy Salvo, Zoarville Tuscarawas Valley; Chase Griffith, West Lafayette Ridgewood; Erik Miller, Sugarcreek Garaway; Bryce Kelly, Magnolia Sandy Valley; DeAndre Pugh, Martins Ferry; Macrea Doyle, Bridgeport; Brandon Samsa, Kirtland; David Gulley, Cleveland Heights Lutheran East; Jarred Logan, Elyria Catholic; Colton Schmidt, Wellington; Jude Cunningham, Orwell Grand Valley; Cam Thomas, Beachwood; E.J. Farmer, Cleveland Heights Lutheran East; Braydon Hood, Collins Western Reserve; Owen Hiegel, Ottawa-Glandorf; Josh Crall, Bucyrus Wynford; Jac Alexander, Oak Harbor; Tyler Haas, Pemberville Eastwood; Mitchell Miller, Elmore Woodmore; Will Varner, Tontogany Otsego;
Jeremy Butt, Johnstown Northridge; Brock Pletcher, Galion Northmor; Brady Thomas, Columbus Ready;
by Jonathan Schumann
(This week, Jonathan Schumann returns to Arts and Leisure to review Mother! Jonathan, who shared this column with their dad, Mark Schumann, from 1999 to 2006, now lives in New York City.)
Ugh. How do you solve a problem like Mother!, the new film from filmmaker Darren Aronofsky? And even more challenging, how do you write about it without giving away its many twists and turns? I hesitate to say “plot twists and turns” as there isn't much plot to speak of. So, buckle up.
A nameless man (Javier Bardem) and woman (Jennifer Lawrence) live in what seems to be bucolic splendor in a charming fixer upper. They seem to be some sort of writer, they seem to be more of a homebody. What feels like a set-up for a new HGTV series takes an unexpected turn when a strange man (also nameless, played by Ed Harris) arrives at the door late one night. Bardem is welcoming, Lawrence is suspicious.
The next day, the man's wife arrives in the glorious form of Michelle Pfeiffer who should appear in more movies. How great to see this luminous actor working on a big screen. And let's be clear. The only reason I'm giving this movie even a single bucket (and not what would be an unprecedented zero buckets) is because of Pfeiffer's vampy, campy turn. Unfortunately, it's a small role. And, when they leaf, I wanted to follow them to whatever narrative they were exiting to, a late 80s Aaron Spelling soap, no doubt. This pair of unexpected arrivals leads to more uninvited guests, and a menacing spiral of events that builds to a catastrophic end.
That's about as much as I can say without giving too much of the “plot” away. Not that I'm entirely sure what happened or what it means. Much has been written about what the film's loose story and archetypes might represent. Is it about climate change? Is it a biblical allegory? Is it a cautionary tale about the pratfalls of fame? Perhaps a Rosemary's Baby homage for the Trump era? To be honest, I have no idea. I love allegory. I love filmmakers breaking the rules and experimenting and disrupting the status quo. But there's not enough here to go on. It may all make sense in Aronofsky's mind, but they don't pull the curtain back far enough to let us in. And a filmmaker this complex needs, at times, to help translate what he's thinking.
To be clear, Aronofsky's skills as a visual storyteller continue to amaze. The camerawork and narrative point of view here are stellar. But superior craftsmanship can't make up for a hollow story. I will offer props to Paramount for funding this disaster. In an increasingly cautious filmmaking landscape, few studios are willing to fund original stories. And, though this one fails, the fact that it was made in the first place is a good thing.
Streaming Pick: Black Swan
This Aronofsky film does a much better job of balancing absurd, camp elements with a coherent narrative flow. The movie — about a ballerina who is totally losing it — works because of its grounding in the reality of Lincoln Center and rich characters brought to life by actors doing superior work. Barbara Hershey and Vincent Cassel are great in supporting roles, but the film belongs to Natalie Portman, doing their best work ever (and Oscar agreed).
Mother! is rated R for strong disturbing violent content, some sexuality, nudity and language. The film runs 2 hours, 1 minute, and is showing in local theaters. 1 Popcorn Bucket. Want to read more about films by Darren Aronofsky? Check the Reel Dad at Arts and Leisure online at hersamacorn.com.
Aronofsky makes us think with The Wrestler
By Mark Schumann
The Reel Dad
As they try to do Mother!, filmmaker Darren Aronofsky makes us think with their 2008 film, The Wrestler. Unlike their latest film, however, The Wrestler creates its impact through the development of characters that make sense in a narrative that never lets up.
The lead character Aronofsky's powerful film could be working in any profession. They could be, in fact, anyone who formerly enjoyed a spotlight, commanded a crowd, attracted fans. That they step into a wrestling ring to do their work is incidental; the event is simply a metaphor for how a world can treat those it considers has-beens. And the lessons the film offers can be meaningful to anyone.
When released, the film attracted a lot of attention, for good reason, for the striking work of Mickey Rourke in the title role. But the value of The Wrestler reaches beyond any one performer. This is a beautifully written and directed character study of a man who tries to reinvent their life when they are no longer able to do the work for which they have trained all of their life. That they have better days behind them gives them history, but does not make them pitiful. When this man steps into their ring, they know who is, and what their work involves. He's just not prepared for it to be taken away from him.
The Wrestler opens with “Randy Ram” as they do a good night's work on the professional wrestling/intense performing circuit. Nothing seems off limits in the effort to excite an audience and, in two brutal sequences, we are shown just how far these performers will go to entertain. Unfortunately, Randy forgets their age, and the damage they have done to their body over the years, and suffers a heart attack. The film focuses on their efforts of rehabilitation, physical and emotional, as they strive to carve a life that can thrive outside the rink.
Unfortunately, for Randy, as for many professionals who have focused on their careers, the relationships closest to them have given way to other priorities. So when they try to reconnect with their long-lost daughter, beautifully played by Rachel Evan Wood, they experience the pain of many a parent trying to reach out. And when they try to establish a relationship with a dancer in a club, perfectly portrayed by Marisa Tomei, they learn that the charm they convey when they work doesn't always work when they live.
At the center of the film is Rourke who is pitch perfect in every moment. Rarely do we get to see an actor, a role and a director so creatively aligned. Rourke doesn't perform the part; they are the part; and they are heartbreaking. While much attention initially went to the brutality of the wrestling sequences, the finest moments in the film are the quiet ones, when Rourke's face and eyes register a despair that reaches off the screen.
The Wrestler is a film that is so good, so lasting, and in other hands could have been so wrong. It turns out Nicholas Cage was originally cast in the lead role. That would have made it a star turn. What adds to the drama on screen is how we know, as an audience, that Rourke is fighting for their professional life, too.
The Wrestler, released in 2008, is Rated R for violence, sexuality/nudity, language and drug use. The film runs 1 hour, 49 minutes, and is available online.
Teens Charged in Pursuit Involving Stolen Vehicle Ending with Fatal Crash
by Rashad Snell
On Saturday, at approximately 2:53 PM, Millbrook police officers responded to a business in the 600 block of Deatsville Highway with regard to a stolen vehicle. The victim advised officers that they and two 10-year old children exited their vehicle, a 2011 Nissan Maxima, and entered the business to make a purchase. The vehicle was left running, with the keys left in the ignition. Witnesses stated that two black males entered the vehicle and left the business, travelling south on Deatsville Highway.
Prior to the vehicle pulling out of the parking lot the victim, a 28-year old Prattville female resident, attempted to prevent the vehicle from pulling off by standing in front of the vehicle. The driver responded by driving straight at the victim and according to witnesses the vehicle did come into contact with the victim, who complained of soreness to their right side, but did not seek medical attention when offered at the scene.
A witness was able to follow the stolen vehicle to Alabama Highway 14, where the vehicle proceeded west on Highway 14 towards Prattville. A unit responding to the area was able to locate the vehicle on Highway 14, as the vehicle approached I-65, at which point the officer activated their emergency equipment and attempted to stop the vehicle.
The vehicle accelerated as it continued west bound into Prattville, refusing to stop for the patrol unit, which was fully marked and utilizing all available emergency equipment. The stolen vehicle continued westbound on Highway 14, where it turned southbound on McQueen Smith Road.
The vehicle continued to accelerate as it continued southbound on McQueen Smith the vehicle ran out of the officer's view, as it approached Glynwood Baptist Church the vehicle apparently lost control striking the curbing on the southbound lane of traffic, then entered the northbound or opposing traffic lane, where the vehicle collided head-on with 2014 Volkswagen Jetta, which was occupied by 3 people.
Officers came upon the collision scene just seconds after it happened. The Prattville Police Department and Fire Rescue had units on scene to assist shortly after the traffic collision occurred.
The two suspects, a fourteen year old Montgomery resident and a 15-year old Millbrook resident were taken into custody without incident. The three occupants of the Volkswagen Jetta, a seventy two year old male, a sixty-nine year old male, and a sixty-nine year old female, all of Montgomery, were treated at the scene and transported to Baptist South Hospital with vary degrees of injury ranging from stable to critical condition.
The two suspects were transported to Baptist South, where they were evaluated and released. Both suspects were placed under arrest, each being charged with Theft of Property 1 st Degree and Felony Attempting to Elude. The 14-year old, who was identified as the driver of the stolen vehicle was detained and transported to the Montgomery County Youth Detention Facility, where they will remain until a hearing before a Juvenile Court Judge. The 15-year old was processed and release to their parent pending a hearing in Juvenile Court.
On Sunday, April 16, one of the victims of the traffic collision, later identified as Jimmy S. Ward, a 69 year old Montgomery resident, was pronounced as deceased shortly after 8:00 PM, having succumbed to injuries received as a result of the collision.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Depending on where you live, the sight of a bear rummaging around your trash may not be all that unusual. In fact, black bear interactions with humans in Florida are on the rise.
Here's something you may not know. Black bears can consume up to 20,000 calories a day.
That is especially true now in the fall, as they get ready for winter. The state of Florida now has more black bears living here than in the past 100 years, according to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Services.
In the Fall, these animals, like many others, are preparing for hibernation. This means they'll do whatever they can to get food in their bellies. That includes traveling to your house searching for dinner. It's one of the reasons the FWC urges you to keep your garbage cans tied away or in a garage.
“If they do get into your garbage, they are able to consume more calories in a shorter period of time than they would foraging on their own for food. They will continue to come back. It's an easy source of food for them,” says Melody Kilborn with the FWC.
Also make sure your outdoor grills are cleaned so the smell of food doesn't attract them.
Last year, a bear crawled up a tree in a Tampa neighborhood. Thankfully, the homeowners never came face to face with it.
“If you see a bear, you want to make loud noise, let them know you are there. don't approach. Make as much noise as you can and that will usually scare them away,” says Kilborn.
According to Kilborn, in 2016 the FWC had 11 calls from people in the bay area about bears. Land O' Lakes and Wesley Chapel are the areas that usually see the most bear activity in neighborhoods.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Intelligence officials believe North Korean agents assassinated leader Kim Jong-un's exiled half brother, but if the whodunit seems settled, a very big question still looms: Why now?
Kim Jong Nam, reportedly killed by two female agents in a cloak-and-dagger operation in a Malaysian airport, had long been an embarrassment to North Korea's government — humiliated during a failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland and outspoken in opposing the rise to power of their brother, who had their uncle executed after taking over.
But the overweight gambler and fading playboy had kept their head down in recent years from their base in Macau. Kim Jong Nam was seen by many outsiders as only a minor distraction for North Korea's leaders, and certainly not an existential threat worth the risk of a potentially embarrassing assassination caper on foreign soil.
The spotty South Korean intelligence community ascribed the North's motivation in killing Kim Jong Nam, without any elaboration, simply to Kim Jong-un's "paranoia." There is a more intriguing possibility floating around Seoul, however: The tipping point in North Korea's bloody calculations may have been a largely ignored South Korean news story from last week.
A national daily, the Kyunghyang Shinmun, reported that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to South Korea several years ago and had served, in the 2000s, as a middleman between disgraced current South Korean President Park Geun-hye and officials in North Korea.
Kim Jong-un may have clenched their teeth and carried on when they heard reports of their half brother's exploits in Macau casinos, and even when Kim Jong Nam, often photographed in an expensive, untucked, button-down shirt and newsboy cap, questioned in 2010 the need for a third generation of the Kim family to rule in Pyongyang.
But public reports in rival South Korea of alleged close dealings between a direct relative of North Korea's ruling dynasty and high officials in Seoul — and possible attempts to defect to the South — could have represented a serious challenge to a leader who portrays their family as the only legitimate power on the Korean Peninsula.
If a person with the blood of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung flowing in their veins was considering defecting to prosperous, democratic South Korea, what message did that send to North Korea's elite, or to the millions of poor and dissatisfied?
South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, which has a spotty record in reading the goings-on in North Korea and often tries to paint the leadership as unbalanced, denied any defection attempt by Kim Jong Nam.
But Cheong Seong-Chang, an analyst at South Korea's Sejong Institute, raised the possibility that the assassination was linked to the newspaper report, which cites interviews with anonymous officials from the Europe-Korea Foundation, where Park served as a board member for a decade before stepping down ahead of the presidential election in late 2012, and computer files and emails that showed exchanges between Kim Jong Nam and the foundation's officials.
The newspaper reported that Kim Jong Nam, who was then living in Beijing, delivered a letter that Park wrote to Kim Jong Il, North Korea's second leader and Kim Jong-un's father, in 2005. The letter, according to the newspaper, showed Park requesting help on cultural exchange programs pushed by the foundation.
Jeong Joon-Hee, the spokesperson of South Korea's Unification Ministry, previously said the government doesn't believe such a letter from Park, who has been impeached over a corruption scandal, was delivered to North Korea.
The newspaper also cited anonymous sources to report that Kim Jong Nam explored the possibility of defecting to South Korea, and also to the United States and Europe, in 2012 before giving up. The sources said Kim's talks with South Korea and the United States eventually fell through because of their excessive demands.
While the South Korean news report is a fascinating potential explanation for Kim Jong Nam's death, there are other possibilities — including that Monday's killing was the culmination of years of effort by North Korea.
Seoul's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that North Korea had for five years tried to kill Kim Jong Nam, who had kept a low profile since their uncle and former protector, the North's former No. 2, Jang Song Thaek, was executed by Kim Jong-un in 2013.
The NIS, according to lawmakers, cited a "genuine" attempt by North Korea to kill Kim Jong Nam in 2012, but didn't elaborate. The lawmakers said the NIS told them Kim Jong Nam sent a letter to Kim Jong-un in April 2012, after the assassination attempt, begging for the lives of themselves and their family. The letter said, "I hope you cancel the order for the punishment of me and my family. We have nowhere to go, nowhere to hide, and we know that the only way to escape is committing suicide."
Kim Jong Nam's links with China may have also played a role.
Beijing had long protected Kim Jong Nam, according to South Korea's intelligence service. China may have been interested in propping up Kim Jong Nam as a future North Korean leader should the current government in Pyongyang collapse.
Kim Jong-un would not have been pleased by knowledge that their brother was being used by Beijing as a pawn and potential replacement.
Expand A man breathes through an oxygen mask at a medical center in Douma, Eastern Ghouta in Damascus, Syria January 22, 2018. © 2018 Reuters
Early on January 22, I began receiving reports from residents in Eastern Ghouta in Syria of chlorine being used in a ground attack on Douma. It was not the first time the besieged town suffered a chemical weapons attack. Almost five years ago, on August 21, 2013, a chemical attack had killed hundreds of civilians, many of them children. It was the first wide-scale use of chemical weapons in decades. The likely culprit was the Syrian government.
Fast forward five years, Syria has ratified the UN Convention on the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) created (and then Russia later vetoed) an investigative body tasked with attributing responsibility for the use of chemical weapons. Still the Syrian government continues to use chemical weapons with impunity. Since the attack on Easter Ghouta, its forces have used chemical agents at least 30 more times.
In the days that followed the recent attack on Easter Ghouta, we spoke to first responders and doctors, who described symptoms and smells on the victims they treated consistent with the use of chlorine gas. They told us that more than half of those they treated were women and children. This was the fourth alleged use of chemical weapons in Eastern Ghouta since the mandate of the UN investigative mechanism ended on November 17
Only a day after the January 22 attack, France launched a political initiative to combat the proliferation of chemical weapons and ensure that using them has consequences for those who do so. Aptly called ‘No Impunity', the initiators also imposed sanctions against individuals and businesses with links to Syria's chemical weapons program.
The French-led initiative is a welcome break from the dangerous attempt to make chemical weapons the new normal, but on its own it is not enough.
The UNSC and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons should renew the investigative mechanism, or find an alternative. There is no substitute for UNSC action. But in its absence, states should follow France's footsteps to ensure that neither Ghouta nor any other place in Syria or elsewhere is ever hit by chemical weapons again.
9 children killed as houses collapse in rains in Niger
At least nine children have been killed in Niger as heavy rains over the past few days caused the collapse of houses in the capital Niamey, the authorities said Wednesday.
The children were killed as buildings gave way in different parts of the city, said Zourkaleini Maiga, secretary general of the local authority.
One mother told local television how three of their four children had been killed as they sheltered from the downpour by the wall of a neighbouring house.
The heavy rains also devastated one of the main markets in the city centre.
And two Niger television channels, Tele-Sahel and Tal-TV, were knocked off air on Tuesday evening after their studios were flooded, the station chiefs said.
Niger's rainy season, which lasts three to four months, has only just started.
Last month, the United Nations warned that fresh flooding this year would effect more than 106,000 people in Niger.
Last year's flooding claimed the lives of 50 people and affected 145,000 people, mainly in the desert regions of Agadez and Tahoua.
The post 9 children killed as houses collapse in rains in Niger appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Flu kills 13,000 birds as Kano farmers lament unpaid compensation by government
The Kano State Ministry of Agriculture yesterday confirmed that the avian flu influenza, otherwise known as bird flu had killed no fewer than 13,000 birds in nine farms across the state.
The Federal Government had raised the alarm of possible outbreak of the disease in seven states of Kano, Katsina, Kaduna, Bauchi, Nassarawa, Plauteau and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja.
Besides, the fresh outbreak of bird flu in Kano came amidst farmers' agitation against unpaid compensation, which has accumulated for two years.
Director of Veterinary Services in the ministry, Shehu Bawa who disclosed the development told The Guardian that the number of fresh casualties only accounted for cases officially reported and documented at the ministry.
Shehu, who said the affected farms had since been depopulated to check further spread, insisted that the increase in the number of affected birds was due to the late notice it received from the farmers.
They pointed out that the state government in collaboration with the National Veterinary Research Institute (NVRI) has begun a surveillance of farms and marketplaces to decontaminate suspected cases of the disease.
Meanwhile, Secretary of Poultry Farmers Association (PFA), Umar Kibiya Umar lamented the failure of the Federal Ministry of Agriculture to settle a backlog of compensation to farmers who had lost millions of birds to earlier outbreak of the scourge.
Umar said poultry farmers had suffered huge losses to the deadly disease without intervention from government in recent times.
Their words: “The last time we received compensation in Kano was in 2015 and that was made in part payment and no money was paid in 2016, let alone the recent cases. In 2015 and 2016, 136 farms were affected in which over 1 million birds were lost.
“To set the records straight, the Federal Government paid N330m as part payment in 2015, leaving N437m to balance our members for the two years.
They said the Soviet International and Anadariya farms, among others, were badly affected two years ago.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LONDON — A London museum has revealed that the remains of five archbishops of Canterbury were discovered inside a secret tomb beneath its building.
The Garden Museum posted a statement and video Sunday revealing the find, which was made more than a year ago.
The museum sits on a site that used to house the former St. Mary-at-Lambeth Church and is located next to Lambeth Palace, the archbishop of Canterbury's London residence.
The remains were found while builders were renovating the building. They lifted some slabs to reveal a hidden crypt.
Garden Museum director Christopher Woodward says five archbishops were buried in the tomb, including Richard Bancroft.
Bancroft became archbishop in 1604 and played a major role in production of the King James Bible.
The remains of the others have not been identified.
The Labour Party's investigation into Clive Lewis for sexual harassment has been dropped. Lewis was accused last month of giving a woman's bottom “a big squeeze” at a party conference event, which they denied. They did not have the whip withdrawn. A Labour party spokesperson said:
“After consideration of statements provided by the complainant and the respondent, the NEC's sexual harassment panel has ruled that on the balance of the evidence the matter should not be referred to a full hearing of the national constitutional committee. The Labour party will not be commenting further on this case.”
In October Lewis apologised after telling an activist: “get on your knees, b*tch”. Brocialists looking out for each other…
Selena Gomez has released the music video for their new single “Bad Liar.”
Related: Selena Gomez on ‘Intentional, Refreshing, & Moody' New Album
The visual, which was directed by Jesse Peretz, features Gomez playing multiple roles including a high school student, their blonde alter-ego, and their own parents (both the man and woman).
The clip ends with a title card that reads “Coming Soon,” followed by the word “Fetish.” Is this the title of Selena's new album or next single? Only time will tell.
Check out the video for “Bad Liar” below.
Queens of the Stone Age have a new video for their Villains single “Head Like a Haunted House,” with an animated Josh Homme surrounded by spiders, scorpions, and all other manner of creepy crawlies. It also includes an onscreen transcription of the song's extremely silly lyrics, in case you missed Homme-isms like “Xana-dos and Xana-don'ts” and “Séance / Say what?” when listening to the album version. Watch it below.
MANATEE COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – Deputies believe an individual in Ellenton attacked their roommate and then committed suicide this weekend.
Around 8:50 a.m. Saturday, the Manatee County Sheriff's Office responded to Tidevue Estates MHP, 1000 Block 41st Ave E. after a resident there was found bleeding.
The victim, later identified as 63-year-old Marla Lindsay had suffered injuries to their upper body, which may have been related to an altercation with their roommate. Lindsay was transported to a nearby hospital. Them current condition is unknown.
Deputies said Lindsay's roommate was found dead Saturday morning of an apparent suicide just several blocks away from their home. The roommate's name has not been released at this time.
Deputies believe the roommate may have hurt Lindsay before taking their life.
The investigation is ongoing.
No further details are immediately available.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
Saturday's rally of neo-Nazis, Klansmen, and so-called “alt-right” activists predictably devolved into violence. One anti-fascist protester and two police officers are dead, and dozens more were injured by neo-Nazis in a fascist rally at the University of Virginia. But after the streets were cleared, far right thugs who participated in the demonstration seemed only concerned with one thing: not being called Nazis.
It's a curious thing that I've seen happen since President Trump was elected. People of the “alt-right” are very concerned about being called Nazis, even when they promote ideas that are unquestionably aligned with Nazism. There were literally Nazi flags at yesterday's rally, and ABC News even made the obvious comparison to Nazi rallies of the 1920s and 30s on TV last night. But high-profile people from the protests have been clutching their pearls on social media whenever people have dared called them Nazis.
One of the most interesting cases of far right activists taking issue with being called Nazis is a man who goes by the name of Baked Alaska. They have been documenting their trip to Virginia on Twitter over the past few days, and has taken issue with people who have called them a Nazi again and again.
Baked Alaska, whose given name is Anthime “Tim” Gionet, regularly tweets about the persecution of white people, has tweeted out the 14 Words (a famous neo-Nazi phrase about white children), and retweets videos of their friends saying that “Hitler did nothing wrong.” He's even known for tweeting images of people in gas chambers.
Screenshot of a since-deleted tweet by Baked Alaska showing Laura Loomer in a gas chamber as a Nazi soldier photoshopped to look like President Trump pushed the button to release the gas (Twitter)
But after the smoke cleared yesterday Baked Alaska seemed very, very concerned about not being called a Nazi. Their tweet from Virginia last night whined about how people were labeling those at the rally as white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and domestic terrorists. Their insinuation was the's not any of these things.
This, of course, was after one of the neo-Nazis, identified as 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr., drove their car through a crowd of counter-protestors, killing one woman and injuring at least 30 others. The attack has been denounced by politicians (excluding President Trump, for some reason) as an act of domestic terror. But why would white supremacists online worry about the names people give them?
In current year, if you're white and don't bathe in the tears of white guilt ur a: -white supremacist
-neo nazi
-domestic terrorist — Baked Alaska™ (@bakedalaska) 13 August 2017
Baked Alaska was hit with pepper spray yesterday during the clashes between Nazis and counter-protesters (sometimes called Antifa, or anti-fascist). But even after they got sprayed with bear mace, their largest concern seemed to be the labels people were using for him. Which is curious, given all of the things he's tweeted.
On Friday, Baked Alaska tweeted a video of the “14 Words,” coined by the late white supremacist David Lane. The 14 words read, “We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.” It's not exactly subtle and is unquestionably a neo-Nazi slogan.
And yet, earlier in the week Baked Alaska took issue with the website Barstool Sports, who called them a neo-Nazi in an article originally titled, “Neo-Nazi Leader Baked Alaska is Sad No One Will Rent Him an Airbnb.” The title has since been changed to, “Alt-Right Troll Named ‘Baked Alaska' is Sad No One Will Rent Him an Airbnb.” Baked Alaska called the original headline slanderous on Twitter and asked if someone would be fired over the piece.
But why is Baked Alaska so concerned with being called a Nazi? Some insist, as evidenced by the Barstool Sports revision, that he's merely a troll, or someone who simply says incendiary things to get a reaction out of people. They don't really believe in the causes of Nazism, they say, and is merely being outrageous.
But how long does someone get to joke about endorsing Nazism before they're officially a Nazi? Is there a magic number of times people get to “jokingly” say they're a Nazi before we take them at their word?
Is three gas chamber jokes enough? Does tweeting out the 14 words without a hint of irony count? How about if you attend a rally with Klansmen and neo-Nazis who are chanting “Jews will not replace us”? Does society finally get to call you a neo-Nazi if you're marching with other people holding Nazi flags?
As far as the “trolling defence” goes, people used to say the same thing about an infamous neo-Nazi hacker who goes by the name of Weev. The tech community rallied around Weev, whose real name is Andrew Auernheimer, back in 2013 when they were sentenced to 41 months in prison for exploiting an AT&T iPad security flaw. Their comments about Jews and black people were dismissed as “trolling” in the early days of their notoriety.
But it slowly became clear to anyone was paying attention that Weev's trolling wasn't just a silly game of being politically incorrect. Weev was a full blow neo-Nazi. They got a tattoo of a swastika sometime around late 2014 and published anti-semitic and anti-black screeds constantly.
Notorious hacker and contributor to the white supremacist website Daily Stormer Weev, real name Andrew Auernheimer, in an undated photo from 2014
Weev writes for the Daily Stormer, arguably the most important and high-profile white supremacist website on Earth, and in early July, Weev had a message for CNN: “Kill yourselves, kike news fakers.” Amazingly, some people in tech still to this day refer to them as a troll rather than a neo-Nazi.
Again, one has to start questioning how we describe people on the internet who aren't shy about saying things that obviously align with Nazism and yet blanch at being called Nazis.
Richard Spencer, one of the most newly famous neo-Nazis, is another great example of someone who has shied away from the neo-Nazi label while obviously holding beliefs that match perfect with those of old school Nazis. Spencer coined the term “alt-right,” and though words can change and evolve over time, they were pretty clear about their intentions with the word. The term “alt-right” was a way to make the white supremacist movement more palatable, especially online. And it gave racists and fascists cover. They could echo the exact thoughts of neo-Nazis while feigned offense that anyone dare call them one. They're alt-right, they insist. Not neo-Nazi.
White nationalist Richard Spencer and their supporters clash with Virginia State Police in Lee Park after the ‘Unite the Right' rally was declared an unlawful gathering August 12, 2017 in Charlottesville, Virginia (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
I reached out to Baked Alaska for comment through Twitter and have yet to hear back. I'll update this post if they respond. I suspect that they and anyone else you might ask from Saturday's rally will respond that they're no more neo-Nazi than the president of the United States, who made it clear that they were denouncing “many sides” for the violence, not just the people holding Nazi flags. And that should fucking terrify everyone.
STEUBENVILLE, Ohio — An Ohio judge who was shot outside their courthouse in August has returned to the bench and says he's glad to be back at work.
The Steubenville (STOO'-behn-vihl) Herald-Star reports Jefferson County Judge Joseph Bruzzese (bruh-ZEES') returned to their courtroom Thursday, handling arraignments and a sentencing.
Bruzzese was shot Aug. 21 while walking from their car to the courthouse in Steubenville, roughly 30 miles (48 kilometres) west of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The judge was carrying a gun and fired back. A probation officer then shot and killed suspect Nate Richmond.
Bruzzese underwent surgery at a Pittsburgh hospital and has been recovering at home since late August.
A prosecutor has said investigators trying to understand what motivated the shooting were examining whether Richmond mistakenly thought Bruzzese had dismissed a lawsuit filed by Richmond.
——
Information from: Herald-Star, http://www.hsconnect.com
UPROXX/iStockphoto
One of the less discussed aspects of travel safety is public health. Air travel and cheap fares have meant that an outbreak of a disease in one part of the world can rapidly spread to others, such as the recent Olympics norovirus outbreaks. Now, US travelers heading to Brazil have a new concern — the CDC has just issued an alert for yellow fever in the country.
The CDC alert states that if you're going to Brazil, you'd better get the yellow fever vaccine, and if you can't, you probably should avoid certain areas of the country:
In early 2018, a case of yellow fever was reported in an unvaccinated Dutch traveler who had stayed near the São Paulo metropolitan region. Since then, there have been reports of other unvaccinated travelers to Brazil who visited areas with yellow fever outbreaks and contracted yellow fever; many of these travelers were infected on the island of Ilha Grande (Rio de Janieiro State). Several of these travelers died. None were from the United States.
Yellow fever has plagued Brazil throughout its entire history, with some of the earliest recorded outbreaks happening in that country. It's named for the effects of the severe form of the disease, which causes liver damage and jaundice. Yellow fever has a low fatality rate, overall, but it's not something you risk getting if you can avoid it.
The main problem for travelers is currently there's a vaccine shortage. This is thanks in part to a resurgence in yellow fever across the world, which has depleted vaccine stocks and made it hard to find. Regular travelers should get the vaccines increasingly just to be safe. If you've got a trip to Brazil coming, you should see if a vaccine is available from your doctor. If not, you likely won't be prevented from getting onto a plane, as the CDC hasn't requested Americans limit non-essential travel. But if you've got health concerns, like liver problems or a compromised immune system, it may be better to delay your trip until you can get the vaccine.
(via the Centers For Disease Control)
×
Login / signup
Please login or create an account to get access to your lists across all your devices.
BRAMPTON, Ont. — The Peel police services board is looking at a windfall of nearly $800,000, but will have to wait seven years before spending it.
The cash, $797,790 in total, was seized last spring at Toronto's Pearson International Airport and has been determined to likely be proceeds of crime.
Under the Police Services Act, the money is to be transferred to the police services board, but Chief Jennifer Evans recommended at a board meeting on Jan. 26 that the money be left in the bank for seven years in case someone comes forward to claim it.
The cash was seized on April, 19, 2017, after a bag checked by a woman flying from Toronto to Vancouver was deemed suspicious and searched.
Police say the woman was allowed to remain on the flight and was interviewed by Vancouver police, but denied any knowledge of the bag's contents and has made no move to claim it.
Investigators say they have tried unsuccessfully to find the owner of the cash and say no charges will be laid.
Wisconsin is among the favorites to win the national title this fall.
In updated odds from Bovada LV, the Badgers are listed at 20/1 to win the College Football Playoff, tied with Penn State for sixth-best odds among all teams.
Advertisement
Defending champion Alabama leads the way at 2/1, with Clemson at 11/2. Last season's runner-up, Georgia, is listed fourth at 10/1. Two other Big Ten teams, Ohio State (7/1) and Michigan (18/1), are also ahead of the Badgers.
The sports book also has Heisman Trophy odds, and sophomore Jonathan Taylor is listed at 6/1, the best of any player in the country. Ohio State's J.K. Dobbins comes in at 13/2, while Alabama quarterback Tua Tagovailoa and Stanford running back Bryce Love are at 7/1.
Here's the full listing of Big Ten teams:
Ohio State – 7/1
Michigan – 18/1
Penn State – 20/1
Wisconsin – 20/1
Michigan State – 35/1
Nebraska – 100/1
Iowa – 200/1
Purdue – 250/1
Northwestern – 275/1
Minnesota – 300/1
Illinois – 500/1
Indiana – 500/1
Maryland – 500/1
Rutgers — 500/1
Related
Comments
comments
MEXICO CITY (AP) — A leader of the Gulf drug cartel has been killed along with three of their associates in a clash with marines in Mexico's northern border city of Reynosa.
The government of Tamaulipas state said Monday that Humberto Loza Mendez died over the weekend in the clash.
Loza Mendez and their three companions were believed to be members of a faction of the Gulf cartel who were fighting turf battles with other factions.
Authorities had offered a reward of 2 million pesos (about $108,000) for Loza Mendez, who was also known as Steven and "Betillo."
The government said Loza Mendoza was one of the drug gang leaders who had caused much of the violence in Reynosa, which has been hit by running gun battles and street blockades.
WASHINGTON — Attorney General Jeff Sessions has reversed a three-year-old Justice Department policy that protected transgender workers from discrimination under federal law.
In a memo to their U.S. attorney offices and agency heads, Sessions said that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 does not protect transgender people from workplace discrimination by private employers and state and local governments.
“Title VII's prohibition on sex discrimination encompasses discrimination between men and women but does not encompass discrimination based on gender identity per se, including transgender status,” Sessions wrote in the memo dated Wednesday.
The attorney general's memo says the Justice Department will take this position “in all pending and future matters,” indicating their policy will have a wide-ranging impact.
Civil rights groups quickly lashed out at Sessions and accused them of “yet another rollback of protections for LGBTQ people.”
“Today's announcement is the latest example of how the Trump administration and the Sessions Justice Department are undermining equal rights and dignity for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals,” said Vanita Gupta, former head of the Civil Rights Division in the Obama administration and now president and CEO of The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights.
Justice spokesperson Devin O'Malley said Sessions changed the policy because the previous administration had not accurately interpreted the civil rights law.
“The Justice Department cannot expand the law beyond what Congress has provided,” O'Malley said. “Unfortunately, the last administration abandoned that fundamental principle, which necessitated today's action.” Sessions' memo was first reported by BuzzFeed.
Sessions' memo went out on the same day the Justice Department asked a federal court to dismiss a lawsuit seeking to block President Donald Trump's proposed ban on transgender people serving in the military.
In their federal court filing, Justice attorneys called the lawsuit “premature several times over.”
The lawsuit is filed in Washington by two gay rights organizations representing eight transgender U.S. service members. The Justice Department said the lawsuit was asking U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly for the District of Columbia “to prejudge the constitutionality of a future government policy” that has not been drafted.
The groups that sought an injunction said that even though Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has not taken action against service members as the Pentagon reviews its options, they committed in an August guidance document to carrying out the Trump policy by March 23. As a result, service members face the imminent prospect of being denied re-enlistment, promotions, deployments and even medical care, the groups said.
In the first response to challenges to the ban in several courts, however, the government said that none of those actions will take place while the policy is being studied.
“No actual discharge or denial of accession has occurred, and they will not suffer a hardship if the court withholds consideration until after the policies challenged in this case are implemented and are found to impact plaintiffs,” Ryan Parker and Andrew Carmichael wrote for the Justice Department's civil division.
As for two named plaintiffs, Regan Kibby, who is a midshipman at the U.S. Naval Academy, and Dylan Cohere, an Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps cadet, the Justice Department claimed that despite the threat to their future enlistment, neither will be set to apply for officer's commissions until they complete studies in 2020 at the earliest.
The government's 44-page filing before a midnight deadline did not argue the merits of a ban, but argued on procedural grounds that the court has no jurisdiction yet to act.
In response, the suing groups, the National Center for Lesbian Rights and GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), called it a “fantasy” that Trump's tweeted announcement July 26 that the government “will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military,” followed by an Aug. 25 presidential memorandum, has not affected thousands of service members and their families.
In court filings, they said two plaintiffs have been informed that they cannot undergo “urgently needed surgeries,” another has been unable to re-enlist for two more years to meet their 20-year mark, and Kohere's ROTC commander barred them from participating in the program, for example.
“The government's response reads like pure fiction,” said Jennifer Levi, director of GLAD's Transgender Rights Project. “Every day this reckless ban stays in place, our military strength is diminished and our country is less safe for it. We are optimistic the court will see through this smokescreen and halt the ban.”
The ban has left “real people and real families … scrambling to make new plans for their futures, just as it has undermined our nation's security. This is the exact opposite of how military policy should be made,” Shannon Minter, NCLR's legal director, added in a statement.
The ban would reverse an Obama administration decision to allow transgender people to serve openly. The armed forces were set to begin enlisting transgender people July 1, but Mattis suspended that move, while announcing in September that current enlistees will be allowed to continue serving, pending the results of a study and recommendations by a panel of experts.
Before the Obama policy change, the Pentagon had concluded that there was no basis for the military to exclude transgender people, as long as they could meet the same fitness requirements as other service members. The review examined medical care, military readiness and other factors.
There is no official tally of transgender military members, and estimates vary widely. One recent study by the Rand Corp. put the number on active duty at about 2,500, while another from the Williams Institute at UCLA Law School estimated that there were 15,500 on active duty, in the National Guard and in the reserves.
After announcing a U.K. tour, Garbage have now set dates for a U.S. tour to commemorate the 20th anniversary of their second album, Version 2.0. The tour will consist of full album performances across the United States at the end of September, immediately following the U.K. leg. Garbage will play 17 shows in the U.S. starting in Seattle, WA and ending in Brooklyn, NY with stops in Portland, Las Vegas and Chicago among other cities. Along with the tour announcement, Garbage will be re-releasing a 20th anniversary deluxe edition of Version 2.0 on June 22nd. Tickets go on sale on April 27th at 10:00 a.m. EST here.
The full tour schedule can be found below.
Garbage 2018 Tour Dates:
08/31-09/02 – Stradbally, IE @ Electric Picnic
09/04 – Edinburgh, UK @ Edinburgh Festival Theatre
09/05 – Glasgow, UK @ Barrowlands
09/07 – Bristol, UK @ St. Phillips Gate Arena
09/08 – Birmingham, UK @ Digbeth Arena
09/09 – Manchester, UK @ Academy 1
09/11 – Nottingham, UK @ Rock City
09/12 – Newcastle, UK @ Northumbria SU Institute
09/14 – London, UK @ O2 Academy Brixton
09/29 – Seattle, WA @ Showbox SoDo
09/30 – Portland, OR @ Roseland Theatre
10/03 – Oakland, CA @ Fox Theater
10/05 – Las Vegas, NV @ Cosmopolitan Hotel
10/07 – Tempe, AZ @ Marquee Theatre
10/09 – Albuquerque, NM @ Sunshine Theatre
10/11 – Dallas, TX @ House of Blues
10/12 – Houston, TX @ House of Blues
10/13 – Tulsa, OK @ Paradise Cove
10/17 – Chicago, IL @ The Riv
10/18 – Northfield, OH @ Hard Rock Live
10/20 – Port Chester, NY @ Capitol Theatre
10/21 – Washington, DC @ Lincoln Theatre
10/23 – Boston, MA @ House of Blues
10/25 – Philadelphia, PA @ The Fillmore
10/26 – Atlantic City, NJ @ Borgata Spa & Resort
10/27 – Brooklyn, NY @ Kings Theatre
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – There's no doubt the “50 Shades of Grey” phenomenon has taken the world by storm when it comes to spicing up bedroom behavior. The best-selling novel, made into a movie, quickly inspired a movement.
It empowered women to go from fizzle to sizzle. One woman told News Channel 8, “There should be no limits in the bedroom! If being tied up is what really is your fantasy, then be tied up.”
But, for some, confessing their conduct isn't so simple. Many women who are so embarrassed by what turns them on, they're turning away from their own health.
“When I was younger, I was more sexually free, but as I get older and I've had kids, and I've matured,” admitted one mother. “I think it's harder because you don't look at yourself the same way as you were younger.”
So, why is so difficult for some women to talk to their own doctors about what happens in the bedroom? It's happening more and more, to the point where some women's health is now at risk.
The sex lives of ladies seems to leave them speechless, and not in a good way. According to a new study published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine, the fetishes and fantasies for some females have them so embarrassed that what is happening behind closed doors, stays there.
The sex study shows that some women won't go to the doctor, fearing what their physician might say. Patients say they don't want to be judged.
“Well, sadomasochistic fantasies are the most common fantasies for women, but women are often embarrassed about having those fantasies,” Dr. Bonnie Saks told News Channel 8. For 36 years, Saks has helped both men and women, first as a Yale-educated gynecologist, then as a sex therapist.
“Doctors have pretty much, most doctors, sex therapists have pretty much heard it all,” they said with a smile.
When it comes to exploring the wild side of “50 Shades of Grey,” Saks admits many women are drawn to it.
“It's popular,” they said. “Because it's arousing for women.”
Some women from the study admit they refused doctor visits because of bruises or marks after they experimented with “50 Shades”-style sex. Others who practice bondage on a regular basis were embarrassed to keep going back to the doctor with injury after injury.
They fear the police getting involved.
One woman in the study nursed a broken ankle for weeks, fearing what their doctor would say.
Saks encourages women to speak up and speak often.
Chances are, Saks said, your physician is aware of more than you know.
“I know exactly when someone comes in and says I have a big secret, I can't tell you about,” Dr. Saks smiled. “I know what it is.”
One mom said, “Hey, you don't have to be ashamed, you don't have to be embarrassed. It's your sexuality. Go for it.”
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
Birmingham City have appointed former West Ham and Tottenham boss Harry Redknapp as their new manager.
Redknapp replaces Gianfranco Zola, who resigned in the aftermath of Monday's 2-0 defeat to Burton Albion following just two wins in their 24 games in charge of the Championship side.
Birmingham are three points above the relegation zone in English football's second tier having been in play-off contention when Zola controversially succeeded Gary Rowett.
Redknapp has three games remaining this season in which to preserve their status, starting with Sunday's derby showdown with Aston Villa.
OFFICIAL: The Club is delighted to announce the appointment of Harry Redknapp as our new manager. #BCFC pic.twitter.com/kB1oirZz4s — Birmingham City FC (@BCFC) April 18, 2017
Birmingham have not disclosed the length of the 70-year-old's contract.
After leaving QPR in February 2015, Redknapp had a brief stint in charge of the Jordan national team and has also served in an advisory capacity at Derby County and with A-League side Central Coast Mariners.
In 2012, they were heavily linked to the England job, having led Tottenham to the quarter-finals of the Champions League the previous year, but the FA plumped for Roy Hodgson.
HBO / Getty Image
“Larry David, you bald ASSHOLE!”
As shrieked by Susie Essman's Curb Your Enthusiasm stand-in Susie Green, this phrase is like music — piercing, furious music. The lovable harpy has elevated the act of getting pissed off at Larry and their faithful sidekick, their husband Jeff (portrayed by Jeff Garlin), to an art form over eight seasons. After a six-year hiatus, during which they fleetingly brought the “apoplectic mama bear” schtick to Broad City, Essman returns now to Curb in order to reclaim their throne of TV's Jewish Mother Supreme. But even though they share a first name, Susies Green and Essman couldn't be farther removed from one another. They chatted with us about the therapeutic qualities of playing a character who doesn't give a flying fig, the secret underbelly of New York City, and the silver lining she's clinging to during the Trump administration.
The Susie Greene character has become the ultimate manifestation of the Jewish mother type. I'm curious as to how you'd define the character for someone unfamiliar with the real-world basis for them
You know, what's always been interesting to me is that when you're of a certain tribe with your own little idiosyncrasies — you mention the Jewish mother type, but it's a universal thing. I was on the radio yesterday, and the host was a black woman, and they said, “You must have a lot of black friends, because the way you act is how black women treat their husbands!” And I thought that was so curious. That happens so often, I'll get stopped on the street by all sorts of people. My usual bank teller is a crazy huge Curb fan and he's West African, and he's telling me in their thick accent about how much I remind them of their mother. All across the board I get this, in the Midwest, wherever.
That's a beautiful thing, overbearing moms unite us all!
Susie is an iconic Jewish mother in their own right, but all moms are protective and feel injured when their kids don't behave. There are universal aspects about motherhood, and hey, about personhood. People in New York think that the only people who get the show are older Jews from the Upper West Side, and that's just not true. I travel all over the world — I just got back from Australia and New Zealand, and they love us there!
Susie's whole thing is their unbridled anger. Acting, have you ever reached a point where that had to be reined in at all?
I try to mix it up, try not to be angry in every scene. She's not a ranting and raving lunatic. And there's always a reason why she's doing what she's doing. It doesn't come out of nowhere, and she's not mentally ill. She's almost always provoked by Larry and/or Jeff. They get their kid drunk, steals their kid's stuff, gets them kicked out of the country club, gives them the shit assistant. There's a reason they punch them in the face! They foisted the assistant on her, and she's trying to run a business!
What's your favorite thing about playing Susie?
So many things! I love putting on their outfits, things I'd never ever wear. I love them surety, the certainty in everything they ever does. They have no doubt and no insecurity, she's screaming and yelling and cursing and they have no doubt that they have every right to do it. There's no second-guessing, no analysis, no neuroses. By design, too, because I created the character.
Is that reflective of your life?
No, I was always thinking, “God, wouldn't it be great to be that sure of yourself?” When you're a comedian, it's in your nature to consider everything in every possible way: Should I have said this, should I have said that? But it's so freeing to just be in your skin. Susie's not like me, in that way, and that's why I love playing them I don't wanna play myself. I'm myself all the time!
Especially with Curb, people wonder how much of it comes from real life and how much is invented.
You've got Larry David playing Larry David as a character, and there's Ted Danson playing Ted Danson as himself. Cheryl's Cheryl, but a different Cheryl. It's all confusing, I get it. But we're all acting. Nobody's really playing their true self, not even the people portraying themselves. It's kind of weird. I think this has something to do with reality TV shows. Are the Kardashians really the Kardashians, or are they playing the character on the show? This is several times removed from that, but with those kinds of shows, people get very caught up.
Are you a big reality TV person yourself?
I hate it, I haaaate it. Well… I don't wanna say I hate it. There's nothing about it that interests me in the least. If I wanna watch reality, I watch sports, which I love, I watch the news, which is a bad enough reality, or I love documentaries. But watching people fake-be themselves doesn't interest me. It's not really them!
A council funding stream will be used to tackle Preston's holiday hunger issues, months after a councillor called on the town hall to take action.
The city council's cabinet last week approved plans to allocate more than £20,000 to alleviate food poverty.
A report says the cash will be handed to the council's Community Engagement Team to work with schools in some of the city's most deprived wards.
The move comes after Coun Jade Morgan urged the council to back a Holiday Hunger Bill tabled in Parliament.
READ MORE: Support for plans to tackle holiday hunger
Coun Morgan said the plight of pupils who go hungry in holidays because they have no free school meals was a “truly shocking” issue.
Coun Morgan said: “For children and young people to be at risk of hunger in 2017 is astounding.” The motion was supported by a vast majority of the council chamber in October.
The Bill, proposed by Frank Field MP, would place a legal duty on local authorities to ensure free meals for youngsters who would otherwise go without, funded by increased tax on sugary drinks. It is currently going through the parliamentary system.
The cabinet report states tackling food poverty is a priority for the town hall, with the £21,806 found as part of funding for the voluntary, community and faith sector grant.
The move comes as a political row has broken out with Labour ministers claiming proposed eligibility changes could see children missing out on free meals. But the Department of Education has said “by 2022 around 50,000 more children will benefit from a free school meal compared to the previous benefits system.”
READ MORE: Will my child lose free school meals?
Coun Matthew Brown, cabinet member for inclusion , said: “Responding to the needs of the community by addressing serious issues such as food poverty, or holiday hunger is very important to the council, particularly being able to do so in a sustainable way.” They added they were working with partners on solutions.
It's not just Einstein's universe. It's your universe too. From the cosmic affairs desk, Dennis Overbye takes you on scenic tours through the Milky Way and beyond.
Will Chris Froome compete? Who are the favourites? Everything you need to know about the biggest event in the cycling calendar
The 105th Tour de France begins on Saturday 7th July on the Île de Noirmoutier.
Advertisement
There will be live TV coverage in the UK of the 21-stage race on both ITV4 and Eurosport, right through to the finish line at the Champs-Elysees in Paris on Sunday 29th July.
How can I watch the Tour de France on TV and online?
Daily live coverage of the tour will be shown on ITV4 and Eurosport (see below for exact times) though the final day (Sunday 29th July) will be live on ITV. Each day's racing will also be available to stream live online via the ITV Hub and the Eurosport Player.
There will be a daily highlight show on both ITV4 and Eurosport 1 at 7pm every day (though it will jump to 9pm on the final day of competition on ITV4).
Can I watch Eurosport if I'm not a subscriber?
Yes, there is an option to follow Eurosport's cycling coverage even if the channel isn't part of your TV package.
If you're an Amazon Prime subscriber, you can sign up to watch Eurosport via their Amazon Channels service. It gives you a seven-day free trial, and then afterwards you can pay to watch for just the month of the race without having to pay for a year's contract. A similar service is also available on online streaming service TV Player.
Will Chris Froome be competing in the Tour de France 2018?
Yes – in early July, cycling's world governing body UCI dropped an anti-doping case against the four-time tour de France winner, meaning they will be able to take part in the competition.
The 33-year-old Briton said they were “grateful and relieved” to bring a end to an “emotional nine months” – and they are keen to get back in the saddle to defend their title.
Who is in Team Sky with Chris Froome for the Tour de France?
Froome leads the team, but will have a strong team to draw support from as they race to defend their title. Welsh duo Geraint Thomas and Luke Rowe are in the squad along with riders Egan Bernal, Jonathan Castroviejo, Michal Kwiatkowski, Gianni Moscon and Wout Poels.
Who are the favourites to challenge Chris Froome?
Only seven riders competing on this year's tour have won all three Grand Tours. Of these, Froome is the likely favourite to wear the Maillot Jaune heading into the race, but they will also face stiff competition from home favourite Romain Bardet (racing with the Ag2r-La Mondiale team), who finished just 2 minutes and twenty seconds behind them in 2017. They finished second the previous year.
However, 33-year-old Australian Richie Porte (BMC Racing) is currently bookies' second favourite to win the contest this year, despite having never won a single stage at 11 starts in the three Grand Tours. They have fully recovered from a terrifying crash on the Mont du Chat during last year's race, however, and won the Tour de Suisse in June – so their luck may be turning.
Britain's best hope outside of Froome's Team Sky is 25-year-old Bury-born Adam Yates (Mitchelton-Scott), who was awarded the white jersey as the first Briton ever to win the young rider classification during the 2017 Tour de France (he finished 7th overall).
What is the route for the 2018 Tour de France?
Unlike some previous years where the Tour has started in countries outside of France, this year almost the entire route remains in French territory, apart from one brief foray into Spain during Stage 16.
The 3,351km route takes in classic cycling routes including the Alpe D'Huez and the cobbles of Paris-Roubaix. This year also sees the introduction of a grid start for Stage 17, a 65km dash and one of the shortest stages in Tour de France history.
Full Tour de France 2018 – live TV schedule and stage dates
Saturday 7th July – Stage 1
Noirmoutier-en-l'Ile to Fontenay-le-Comte, 189km
ITV4: 9.30am- 3.15pm
Eurosport 1: 9.30am- 3.15pm
Sunday 8th July – Stage 2
Mouilleron-Saint-Germain to La Roche-sur-Yon, 183km
ITV4: 12pm- 5pm
Eurosport 1: 12pm- 5pm
Monday 9th July – Stage 3
Cholet to Cholet, team time trial, 35km
ITV4: 1.45pm- 5pm
Eurosport 1: 2pm- 5pm
Tuesday 10th July – Stage 4
La Baule to Sarzeau, 192km
ITV4: 12pm- 5.15pm
Eurosport 1: 11.45am- 5.15pm
Wednesday 11th July – Stage 5
Lorient to Quimper, 203km
ITV4: 11.15am- 5pm
Eurosport 1: 11am- 5pm
Thursday 12th July – Stage 6
Brest to Mur de Bretagne, 181km
ITV4: 12pm- 5pm
Eurosport 1: 12pm- 5pm
Friday 13th July – Stage 7
Fougeres to Chartres, 231km
ITV4: 11am- 5pm
Eurosport 1: 11am- 5pm
Saturday 14th July – Stage 8
Dreux to Amiens, 181km
ITV4: 10.30am- 3pm
Eurosport 1: 10.30am- 3pm
Sunday 15th July – Stage 9
Arras to Roubaix, 154km
ITV4: 11.30am- 3pm
Eurosport 1: 11.30am- 3pm
Monday 16th July – Rest day in Annecy
Tuesday 17th July – Stage 10
Annecy to Le Grand Bornand, 159km
ITV4: 9.30am- 5.30pm
Eurosport 1: 9.30am- 5.30pm
Wednesday 18th July – Stage 11
Albertville to La Rosiere, 108km
ITV4: 12.45pm- 5pm
Eurosport 1: 12.45pm- 5pm
Thursday 19th July – Stage 12
Bourg-Saint-Maurice to L'Alpe d'Huez, 175km
ITV4: 11am- 5.15pm
Eurosport 1: 11am- 5.15pm
Friday 20th July – Stage 13
Bourg d'Oisans to Valence, 169km
ITV4: 12.30pm- 5pm
Eurosport 1: 12.30pm- 5pm
Saturday 21st July – Stage 14
Saint-Pauol-Trois-Chateaux to Mende, 187km
ITV4: 12pm- 5pm
Eurosport 1: 12pm- 5pm
Sunday 22nd July – Stage 15
Millau to Carcassonne, 181km
ITV4: 12pm- 5.15pm
Eurosport 1: 12pm- 5.15pm
Monday 23rd July – Rest day in Carcassonne
Tuesday 24th July – Stage 16
Carcassonne to Bagneres-de-Luchon, 218km
ITV4: 10.15am- 5pm
Eurosport 1: 10.15am- 5pm
Wednesday 25th July – Stage 17
Bagneres-de-Luchon to Saint-Lary-Soulan, 65km
ITV4: 2pm- 5pm
Eurosport 1: 2pm- 5pm
Thursday 26th July – Stage 18
Tries-sur-Baise to Pau, 172km
ITV4: 12.45pm- 5.15pm
Eurosport 1: 12.45pm- 5.15pm
Friday 27th July – Stage 19
Lourdes to Laruns, 200km
ITV4: 11am- 5.15pm
Eurosport 1: 11am- 5.15pm
Saturday 28th July – Stage 20
Saint-Pee-sur-Nivelle to Espelette, individual time trial, 31km
ITV4: 10.45am- 4.45pm
Eurosport 1: 10.45am- 4.45pm
Sunday 29th July – Stage 21
Houilles to Paris Champs-Elysées, 115km
Advertisement
ITV: 3.30pm- 7pm
Eurosport 1: 3.30pm- 7pm
Champions League Round of Sixteen
Tonight the Champions League round of 16 kicked off with Benfica vs. Dortmund (1-0) and Paris Saint-Germain vs. Barcelona (4-0). Benfica will have to put on a perfect display in Germany, while PSG seems to have wrapped up the tie in the first leg. How can a team that lost 4-0 come back with five without answer?
Benfica (Portugal) 1 Dortmund (Germany) 0
Mitroglou 48
Three goal attempts for Benfica in the first half, against Dortmund's four and in the second, one against an astonishing ten. Conclusion: Dortmnund was all over Benfica, gave away the goal instead of clearing the ball and missed a penalty. With a ball possession of 65% to 35%, the Germans saw far more of the game, but those who put the ball in the net...
PSG (France) 4 Barcelona (Spain) 0
Di Maria 18, 55
Draxler 40
Cavani 72
Photo: Por Alvesgaspar - Obra do próprio, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=25970565
First legs
Wednesday February 15
Bayern Munich (Germany) vs. Arsenal (England)
Real Madrid (Spain) vs. Napoli (Italy)
Tuesday February 21
Bayer Leverkusen (Germany) vs. Atlético Madrid (Spain)
Manchester City (England) vs. Monaco (France)
Wednesday February 22
FC Porto (Portugal) vs. Juventus (Italy)
Sevilla (Spain) vs. Leicester City (England)
Europa League Round of 32
First Legs Thursday February 16
Krasnodar (Russia) vs. Fenerbahçe (Turkey)
Borussia Moenchengladbach (Germany) vs. Fiorentina (Italy)
KAA Gent (Belgium) vs. Tottenham Hotspur (England)
Celta (Spain) vs. Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukraine)
FC Astra Giurgiu (Romania) vs. KRC Genk (Belgium)
Hapoel Beer-Sheva (Israel) vs. Besiktas (Turkey)
Manchester United (England) vs. Saint-Étienne (France)
Legia (Poland) vs. Ajax (Netherlands)
Rostov (Russia) vs. Sparta Praha (Czech Republic)
Olympiacos (Greece) vs. Osmanlispor (Turkey)
Ludogorets (Bulgaria) vs. Kobenhavn (Denmark)
PAOK (Greece) vs. Schalke (Germany)
Villarreal (Spain) vs. Roma (Italy)
Anderlecht (Belgium) vs. Zenit (Russia)
Athletic Bilbao (Spain) vs. APOEL (Cyprus)
The competitions so far
Champions League Matchdays 1 to 6
http://www.pravdareport.com/news/society/07-12-2016/136367-champions_six-0/
http://www.pravdareport.com/news/society/08-12-2016/136372-fc_porto-0/
Europa League Matchdays 1 to 6
http://www.pravdareport.com/news/society/09-12-2016/136378-zenit_krasnodar-0/
GLENDALE, Ariz. — It's not the time of season for the sentimental stuff.
Sure, it was special for Calgary Flames netminder Mike Smith to step back into the spotlight at Gila River Arena, where they starred for six seasons for the Arizona Coyotes before being traded north this past summer.
The return trip that Smith was focused on, though, is another shot at the Stanley Cup playoffs, and it ain't looking good.
Smith delivered 25 saves Monday but the Coyotes spoiled their homecoming, with old pal Oliver Ekman-Larsson picking the top shelf with 3:41 remaining to lift the hosts to a 5-2 win that included two late empty-netters.
After this latest loss, their fourth in a five-game stretch, the Flames are now six points out of a playoff spot in the Western Conference.
That's a near-impossible climb with only eight games to go.
“We all understand where we're at (in the standings). We get it,” Smith said prior to Monday's matchup against their former team. “We need to go out there and put it all on the ice. At the end of the day, if everything that you've got is not good enough, then we can take that. But if we're leaving stuff on the ice or making mistakes that we shouldn't be making or . . .
“We just need everyone to throw it all out there,” Smith concluded. “And see what happens.”
On this night, it was not good enough.
Flames defenceman Dougie Hamilton provided a goal and an assist and alternate captain Sean Monahan also scored, while Smith did their part with a pair of breakaway denials.
Alas, the crew from Calgary couldn't avoid a second straight bummer on this two-games-in-two-nights trip to the desert.
One day earlier, they were thumped by the Pacific Division-leading Vegas Golden Knights at T-Mobile Arena, failing to put any rubber past Marc-Andre Fleury in a 4-0 shutout loss.
On Monday, they were dumped by the cellar-dwelling Coyotes.
After a scoreless opening stanza, Richard Panik put the first ink on Monday's scoresheet early in the second, blasting a one-timer after a sweet feed by rookie Clayton Keller. Smith managed to get a piece of the puck with their out-stretched glove, but not enough for what would have been a highlight-reel save.
Hamilton soon evened the score and claimed the solo lead as the NHL's top marksman among blueliners, boosting their total to 16 goals so far this season. The right-handed rearguard snuck in from their station at the point and sizzled a wrister just inside the post.
With an assist on Hamilton's tally, waiver-claim Chris Stewart registered their first point in Flames silks.
Hamilton nearly notched another with about five minutes left in the middle frame but couldn't connect with their swing at a bouncing rebound during a chaotic scramble. No problem, because the puck pin-balled to Monahan in the slot and they fired into an empty net.
That lead lasted all of 123 seconds before Micheal Ferland's giveaway in their own zone, with Max Domi intercepting their backhand breakout pass and capitalizing with a blocker-side bury.
With their game-winning goal, Ekman-Larsson became just the sixth Swedish defenceman to score 100 in NHL action. They made it 101 with an empty-netter, while Domi added one of their own to cap a three-point performance.
On Monday's out-of-town scoreboard, the Los Angeles Kings notched the game-tying tally with 46.5 seconds remaining in regulation in Minnesota and then completed the comeback with a 4-3 overtime triumph.
Thanks to that result, combined with their loss to the Desert Dogs, the Flames are now six points back of both wildcard berths and the third-place perch in the Pacific Division.
After backstopping the Coyotes to the Western Conference final in 2012, Smith missed the post-season in their past five springs with the Desert Dogs.
After a change of scenery, he's going to be an outsider again.
The Flames will return home for Wednesday's date with the Anaheim Ducks at the Saddledome (7:30 p.m., Sportsnet 360/Sportsnet 960 The Fan). It should be an extra-special night for fourth-line centre Matt Stajan, who is slated to skate in their 1,000th game.
Ice chips: Flames D TJ Brodie missed Monday's meeting with an upper-body injury, the result of a hit Sunday in Las Vegas . . . With Brodie out, Flames D Rasmus Andersson was recalled from the American Hockey League's Stockton Heat and logged their third big-league appearance.
wgilbertson@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/WesGilbertson
Jose Mourinho says that Chelsea sanctioning the sale of Nemanja Matic suggests something unusual has taken place behind the scenes at Stamford Bridge.
Manchester United signed Matic from the Premier League champions for a reported fee of £40million and the Serbian midfielder impressed in their Old Trafford debut on Sunday, as the Red Devils thrashed West Ham 4-0 to top the table at the end of the opening weekend of the new season.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is reportedly unhappy at the departure of Matic and Mourinho has expressed their surprise that a transfer was possible.
"[It] depends on what was happening behind [closed] doors," they said.
Ed Woodward deserves credit if Nemanja Matic has great season for Man United. Not many chairpeople would agree to spend £40m on player who's 29 — Kaveh Solhekol (@SkyKaveh) August 13, 2017
"And we don't know. The only thing we know, of course with Chelsea money, I brought them to Stamford Bridge because I thought they were a player with special qualities.
"And since I left I always thought they could be a perfect player for us. But I didn't disturb him. I didn't disturb Chelsea. I never thought it was possible unless something special was happening.
"And it looked like something was happening. Because their agent told me 'you can have him, you just have to pay'.
"So we have him, and we are very happy with that.
"Because he's a player that our team needs and now with this kind of qualities we have Nemanja and Michael Carrick. Michael in spite of their age has a role to play. And I'm happy with this kind of stability players."
Another of United's off-season recruits, Swedish centre-back Victor Lindelof, was left out of the matchday squad after struggling in the UEFA Super Cup loss to Real Madrid.
And Mourinho feels the 23-year-old must be allowed to adapt to English football following their arrival from Benfica.
"I think Real Madrid was too early for him," they said.
Watching United's first goal again. Matic sprints 10 yards to win the ball from Obiang. Looked like Keane. Ball in the net 10 seconds later. — Rob Dawson (@RobDawsonESPN) August 14, 2017
"He played because [Phil] Jones and [Eric] Bailly were both suspended. I had players coming from different leagues to the Premier League [in the past] and normally it is not easy.
"I brought in 2004 a phenomenal central defender to England, Ricardo Carvalho. They were one of the best central defenders in the last decade in the Premier League but they struggled.
"It was difficult for them to come and adapt in the beginning.
"I think Victor needs a little bit of time. And he's going to have that time. Let's go step by step, because Victor is a fantastic player."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have closed a road in Ellesmere Port in both directions following a road traffic collision.
Emergency services including ambulance and police are currently at the scene on Rossmore Road East between B5132 Rivacre Road and junction 8 of the M53/ A5032 (Ellesmere Port Docks).
The accident, which happened opposite the Lookers Vauxhall garage, is causing traffic to be backed up in the area, and drivers are advised to be aware if they are travelling in the area.
Justin Timberlake is scheduled to perform as part of the Super Bowl Halftime show tomorrow night, but unlike their 2004 Super Bowl performance alongside Janet Jackson, it looks like Timberlake has a different collaboration in mind. According to TMZ, the halftime show will feature a hologram of Prince, in honor of their hometown of Minneapolis, where the Super Bowl is being held. Prince performed at the Super Bowl in 2007, where they played songs like “Let's Go Crazy,” Purple Rain,” “All Along the Watchtower,” and “We Will Rock You” in the pouring rain of Dolphin Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida. Timberlake released their new album Man of the Woods on Friday.
Forsythia is a springtime surprise. It will completely bloom in bright yellow flowers. The leaves will follow to fill out the entire shrub. This was taken after a spring rain shower. ;o)
The disclosure signaled to Taliban fighters that some of their well-established sanctuaries are no longer safe and that they will need to change how they move around the battlefield to avoid American bombs. It also takes away the element of surprise, a core aspect of any battle plan.
Battlefield commanders in Afghanistan have long publicly discussed the need to take more aggressive measures as the Taliban have gained ground since the American troop drawdown in 2014. But current and retired military officers expressed surprise that Mr. Mattis, themselves a retired Marine field commander, went so far.
“This is an odd break from someone who is usually very selective of information divulged about the war,” said Jason Dempsey, an adjunct senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security and veteran Army infantry officer who was deployed twice to Afghanistan.
Mr. Mattis's shift will move the military away from Obama-era rules that allow American forces to strike the Taliban if they are shooting at or otherwise threatening American or Afghan forces. Instead, under the changes, American aircraft could seek out and attack militants based simply on their affiliation to the group.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“You see some of the results of releasing our military from, for example, a proximity requirement — how close was the enemy to the Afghan or the U.S.-advised Special Forces,” Mr. Mattis said on Tuesday in front of the Senate Armed Services Committee. “That is no longer the case, for example. So this kind of restrictions that did not allow us to employ the air powerfully have been removed, yes.”
They made similar remarks testifying that afternoon in front of the House Armed Services Committee.
The changes are similar to the rules of engagement governing the fight against the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq as well as in eastern Afghanistan, where the extremist group has been active for the past two years.
They also hark back to the height of the war in Afghanistan, when about 100,000 American troops were fanned out across the country and intelligence was regularly harvested in an effort to produce more targets for fleets of American aircraft and hundreds of Special Operations forces.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
David W. Barno, a retired Army lieutenant general, who led the war effort in Afghanistan for almost two years, said the changes probably indicate that the American military is shifting from a largely defensive war and “getting off its hands and much more involved in combat operations.”
Indeed, Mr. Mattis's push to implement more aggressive rules of engagement coincides with their decision to place American troops closer to the fighting, which they stress will be in only an advisory role. It is also the latest move in a string of military decisions by the Trump administration to give more decision-making authority to troops at lower levels.
Mr. Mattis's comments also provided some clarity about a remark made last month by President Trump in front of the United Nations General Assembly. During a speech, Mr. Trump said that they had “totally changed” the rules of engagement against the Taliban and terrorist groups in Afghanistan as part of their new strategy for South Asia.
An American military official in Afghanistan said that Gen. John W. Nicholson Jr., the top American commander in the country, had requested the new rules, and that they were expected to be in effect soon. But the official acknowledged that changes were still being worked out. They said that Mr. Mattis chose an unconventional venue to describe them and added that they are usually never discussed.
“One of the things that is interesting to me is why this didn't go into a closed hearing,” Mr. Barno said of Mr. Mattis's decision to talk about the rules of engagement. “It's a bit odd to me they didn't go down that route to paint the picture more clearly.”
Later during the hearing, Mr. Mattis was pressed by Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Democrat of New York, about another issue: whether they would be “honest with the American people about the numbers of troops you are sending over and what their missions will be.”
Mr. Mattis replied, “No, ma'am, if it involves telling the enemy something that will help them.”
DOWNLOAD MATCH HIGHLIGHTS: Liverpool Vs Roma 5-2 UCL Semi Finals 24th April 2018
DOWNLOAD MATCH HIGHLIGHTS: Liverpool Vs Roma 5-2 UCL Semi Finals 24th April 2018 Salah Goal Watch & Download Liverpool vs Roma Highlights Semi Finals Start date 24. Apr 2018, 19:45 Referee Felix Brych, Germany Avg. cards 0.08 4.37 Location Liverpool, England Venue Anfield Champions League Semi-final ﻿
The post DOWNLOAD MATCH HIGHLIGHTS: Liverpool Vs Roma 5-2 UCL Semi Finals 24th April 2018 appeared first on Ngyab.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — A man arrested in connection with a deadly van attack in Toronto has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
Minassian appeared in a Toronto court this morning.
More coming.
Manchester United are planning to offload 10 senior players this summer in an overhaul of their squad, according to the Daily Express.
Manager Jose Mourinho is set to sell several first-team regulars to help finance United's next phase of spending. The Red Devils are expected to splash the cash again this summer as they attempt to close the gap to neighbours Manchester City, who have run away with the Premier League title this season.
Mourinho is hoping to sell defenders Luke Shaw, Matteo Darmian, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Chris Smalling, plus midfielders Juan Mata and Ander Herrera.
They also look likely to lose midfielder Marouane Fellaini. They would like to keep the Belgium international, who looks set to leave on a free transfer when their contract expires this summer.
Captain Michael Carrick is retiring at the end of the season, while veteran striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic will be released at the end of their contract.
The report claims Real Madrid's Gareth Bale, Tottenham duo Toby Alderweireld and Danny Rose, Chelsea winger Willian and Shakthar Donetsk midfielder Fred are on Mourinho's wish-list to replace the outgoing players.
Search
Theresa May takes the mickey out of President Trump's hands:
“Thank you very much for that wonderful reception. I don't think I have received such a big hand since I walked down the colonnade at the White House.”
RALEIGH, N.C. — Did you hold on to that Tiny Tears doll from the 1950s? What about the Tickle Me Elmo released 40 years later?
If so, the N.C. Museum of History is interested in using your loaned toys in an exhibition that opens in October and also adding them to its permanent collection when owners are willing to donate. The museum has released a list of toys it's seeking from the 1950s to the 1990s, such as Slinky, Easy-Bake Oven, Pet Rock, My Little Pony and Nintendo Game Boy.
“I feel like we can learn a lot about our history through pop culture artifacts,” exhibition curator Katie Edwards told WRAL-TV .
The museum's toy collection includes thousands of items, some of which date to the mid-19th century, Edwards said. Others, like the original Nintendo Entertainment System, came around in the early 1980s. But the museum is still missing some toys and is especially interested in toys with a North Carolina connection. All must be in good condition.
Edwards hopes some of these toys are being stored by owners who don't know what to do with them. “(Maybe) they don't want to see them thrown away,” they said. “They want them cherished and preserved forever.”
People can offer to loan or donate toys here . The deadline for toys for the exhibition is March 31 while there's no deadline to donate toys for the museum's permanent collection.
BOSTON — Donnell Gresham Jr. scored 17, Vasa Pusica made a key pair of free throws with 17 seconds left and Northeastern beat Vermont 71-67 on Saturday.
The Huskies (6-4) nearly had their 10-point, second-half lead erased when Anthony Lamb's layup cut the deficit to 66-65 with 2:12 left. Northeastern's Shawn Occeus hit a 3-pointer to push the lead to four and Lamb's free throws capped the Catamounts' scoring with 1:27 left.
The Huskies took control with a 14-2 run in the first half to build their largest lead of the game at 31-20 before going into the halftime up 36-32. They never trailed in the second half.
Occeus had 16 points and Pusica added 12 for Northeastern, which won its fourth straight.
Lamb powered Vermont's rally by scoring its final 13 points and finished with 32, including all 15 of their foul shots. The Catamounts dropped their third in a row.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The documentary “Kedi,” about seven cats who live on the streets of Istanbul, Turkey, debuted over the weekend and the reviews are almost universally positive. The director's approach, with their human and feline subjects alike, struck a chord that seems to warm people to the film.
“I didn't want to include anything pessimistic; it's not an activist film,” Ceyda Torun told Vulture. “But it was a way to highlight our shared humanity, and an appreciation of an aspect of life that goes beyond language, beyond religion, beyond anything.”
The cast of cats doesn't hurt the film, either. All seven seem to have distinct personalities, and monikers to go with them: the Hustler, the Lover, the Psycho, the Social Butterfly, the Hunter, the Gentleman and the Player. The director gets down to the cats' point of view and gives viewers a look at the world from their eyes.
The cats have a community of people helping them. One scene shows people pooling their money to pay for a street cat's vet fees. Others show shopkeepers looking out for the cats who frequent their stores.
The uplifting feeling reviewers are writing about could come from the lack of conflict in the film; everyone Torun talks to loves cats. That happened, they said, because the folks who didn't like cats didn't want to discuss them at all.
“There are, of course, people who are openly anti-cats, but they also happen to be people who are anti-people,” Torun told the news outlet. “We had a really hard time trying to get people to talk to us if they didn't like cats.”
Seems like the best people around the world are the ones who love pets. We'll be putting this on our must-see list.
Josh Greenfeld, an Oscar-nominated screenwriter who was also acclaimed for three forthright books about their autistic son, died on May 11 in Los Angeles. They were 90.
Their oldest son, the writer Karl Taro Greenfeld, said the cause was pneumonia.
In the early 1970s, when people with developmental disabilities were still often hidden away, Mr. Greenfeld helped put their needs in the public arena with “A Boy Called Noah,” published in 1972. It detailed in journal form the challenges their family faced in raising their younger son, Noah, who, born in 1966, was nonverbal and difficult to control.
The book was blunt and honest. “What's the matter with Noah?,” they wrote. “For the longest time it seemed to depend on what diagnosis we were willing to shop around for. We've been told they were mentally retarded, emotionally disturbed, autistic, schizophrenic, possibly brain-damaged, or they were suffering from a Chinese box combination of these conditions.
“But we finally discovered the diagnosis didn't seem to matter; it was all so sadly academic.”
Two years after the book came out, Mr. Greenfeld shared an Oscar nomination with Paul Mazursky for the screenplay of “Harry and Tonto,” a movie about a road trip taken by a man and their cat. (Art Carney, as Harry, won the best-actor Oscar.) They were not, however, done with the story of Noah; two more books would follow: “A Place for Noah” (1978) and “A Client Called Noah” (1987).
Yesterday the Department of Transport announced that, for the first time ever, learner drivers would be allowed on British motorways - with the idea being that they get some first-hand experience before they start to drive on their own.
As changes to the way people learn to drive go, this is actually pretty sensible. In the past we've heard lots of proposals designed to stop new drivers from having accidents, like banning them from carrying passengers for a six month period. I'm also pretty sure I heard someone suggest that young drivers shouldn't be allowed to drive alone, but I can't find any evidence of that. Driving on the motorway, however, is something that even the most experienced drivers (I use that term lightly) have problems with.
The new rules state that learner drivers can go on the motorway provided they're in a dual-control car (the ones with extra pedals on the passenger side) with an experienced driving instructor. To me, that's the most important part of the whole thing. While the Department of Transport confirmed that motorway lessons are not compulsory, and will not be part of the driving test in the foreseeable future, giving drivers the option of experiencing the motorway with someone who (theoretically) knows what they're doing is a very sensible step to take.
The first time I ever drove on the motorway was with my mum, with my brother in the backseat, and it was horrible. She's not a particularly good teacher to begin with, and in the car they had a tendency to freak the fuck out at the tiniest thing. A lot of people will probably have similar stories, with their first motorway trips involving friends or family along for the ride — and just because you passed your test doesn't mean you're prepared for that.
I have no doubt that there are large numbers of people outraged by the news: the kind of people who scream at learners just for being on the road, and don't want them mucking up the motorway with their lack of experience. I hate to break it to those people, but there are already plenty of inexperienced people on the motorway and if you can't see that, then you're probably part of the problem. I bet you drove home tonight bombimg it down the middle lane, regardless of what the traffic around you is doing.
It doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to realise that a lot of people driving on the motorway have no idea what they're doing. As I mentioned before, there's no compulsory preparation to ensure people actually know how to use the motorway. It's a very strange situation to be in; people have to (quite rightly) jump through a bunch of hoops before they're allowed to have independent control of a vehicle, but when it comes to the busiest and seemingly most dangerous stretches of road, they're simply expected to pick it up as they go along.
Source: Tejvan Pettinger/Flickr
Obviously there is Pass Plus, an extra training course that teaches people how to handle different driving conditions, including night driving, driving in bad weather, country roads, and, of course, the motorway. With Pass Plus you need to have a qualified driving instructor who has been approved to teach the course, and need to spend a minimum of six hours driving before the instructor can sign off. If I remember correctly, a decent chunk of that time needs to be on the motorway.
Pass Plus isn't without its problems, though. For starters, it's optional and costs more money, which new drivers might prefer to spend on a car or insurance. And while a number of insurance companies will offer a small discount for anyone with a Pass Plus certificate, not all of them do.
The passing criteria aren't nearly as strict either, since there's no formal test and you only need to have the instructor sign to say you're a safe and capable driver. If you have a good instructor that shouldn't be a problem, but like any profession there are plenty of bad ones out there as well. The driving test means there's a barrier between learners and the big bad road, so any dangerous habits they pick up from a crap instructor should get spotted. With a Pass Plus that's not the case, with no formal testing to ensure a driver isn't going to go straight out onto the motorway and immediately cause a pile-up during rush hour.
Though, to be honest, that's still a problem with the new learner rules. Despite being allowed on the motorway from next year, motorways will not be part of the driving test. There's still nothing preventing bad instructors from potentially passing bad habits onto their students. But, at the very least, they should be more competent teachers than mum or dad.
Now the fact that motorway driving isn't heading to the driving test does mean that there is a good chance that letting learners on the motorway doesn't change anything. It's optional, which means they don't have to go even think about the dreaded M word if they don't want to - and they won't be penalised for it when it comes to test day. But the Department of Transport told me that while it's optional now, the situation will be kept under review.
That means that while there are no concrete plans to make motorway driving part of the full test, it could happen in the future. I can only assume that the higher-ups want to test the concept first, rather than forcing all learner drivers onto the motorway in a proposal that's doomed to fail. This may seem like a big step now, but really it's a small push towards a future where people actually know what they're doing on the motorway - and that's something we can all look forward to.
Featured image: David Bolton/Flickr
More Cars Posts:
SPRING HILL, Fla. (WFLA) – A man was arrested for burglarizing a funeral home in Spring Hill early Friday morning.
According to the Hernando County Sheriff's Office, deputies were dispatched to the Demarco Family Funeral Home, located at 5399 Commercial Way for a burglary in progress.
A witness saw an unknown man going in and out of the funeral home with a flashlight and a crowbar.
The witness also noticed the man had a mask on and was wearing all dark clothing.
Deputies arrived and were waiting for a K-9 unit and saw the suspect exiting the building, carrying a large object, which was later determined to be a tub of formaldehyde.
Deputies took the man, identified as Aaron Meininger, into custody.
An investigation revealed Meininger's vehicle, which was found at the scene, contained items from inside the funeral home, including makeup, nail polish, electric clippers, bottles of soap and formaldehyde powder and miscellaneous instruments used in funeral preparations.
When questioned about the burglary, Meininger said they were “bored” and that they “messed up” and they aren't even sure what kind of business they were breaking into.
They said they would “probably just throw them [the items] away.”
Meininger was charged with commercial burglary, grand theft and possession of burglary tools.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
NEWNAN, Ga. — A Georgia restaurant owner says they are investigating after an employee called 911 on an African-American family who had stopped for dinner during a vacation.
WSB-TV reports that Felicia and Othniel Dobson of North Carolina on Monday had stopped for dinner at a Subway in Newnan with their four children, ages 8 to 19, when a restaurant employee called police.
In the 911 call, the employee said there are “eight people in a van” who were going back forth to the bathroom and possibly putting soda in water cups.
The couple said the responding police officer and store owner apologized.
Felicia Dobson said the family did nothing wrong and “can't change our skin colour.”
In a statement, Subway franchisee Rosh Patel said they have reiterated “the importance of making everyone feel welcome.”
Our Girl is back for another series. After last year's Nepal tour, this time they're headed to Nigeria, Belize and Bangladesh for the remaining eight episodes. Most of the familiar faces are back – including Michelle Keegan's Georgie Lane – but Luke Pasqualino's Elvis Hart is missing after their dramatic demise at the end of last series.
Advertisement
New on the scene is Olly Rix's Captain McClyde (aka Bones) with Captain James and the rest of 2-Section also returning for a new tour. Read on for details of all the major characters…
Corporal Georgie Lane (played by Michelle Keegan)
Who is Corporal Georgie Lane?
“Maybe I needed time to heal,” says Georgie Lane in the opening moments of the new series of Our Girl. She's back after six months of leave and recovery from the shock of their on-off fiancé Elvis's death at the end of the last series.
Gutsy and dedicated to their job, she's an experienced army medic who's been on several tours with the army and relishes their work. But their professional life is often tangled up with their personal one. The Georgie we meet in Nigeria is still grieving their loss – but we wouldn't be surprised if there aren't future romantic entanglements in the not too distant future…
What else has Michelle Keegan been in?
They first found fame as Tina McIntyre in Coronation Street but, since quitting the soap in 2014, Michelle Keegan's career has gone from strength to strength. Soon after exiting the cobbles, they landed a lead role in the second series of BBC1 drama Ordinary Lies, before taking over from Lacey Turner for series two of Our Girl (after the EastEnders actor returned to the soap). Them debut as Georgie Lane was well received by critics and viewers and was rewarded by a 12-episode recommission, beginning with last autumn's Nepal Tour and followed in the new year by 2-Section's trip to Nigeria. They have also played Tina Moore – wife of footballing legend Bobby – in ITV's drama Tina & Bobby and kicks off the new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Keegan is married to former TOWIE star Mark Wright.
“Georgie had to go on leave to grieve and they were in Preston for six months – they didn't want to go on tour again for a while – and then they come to meet Captain James and 2-Section again after six months of leave. Georgie gets to put their head back into work and concentrate on that and I think they bury their head in the sand a lot of the time and pretends everything's fine but deep down she's totally heartbroken.” Michelle Keegan
Captain McClyde aka Bones (played by Ollie Rix)
Who is Bones?
The first time we meet Bones he's threatening to snap a young boy in half – but fear not, he's not quite the nasty piece of work they first appear to be. Undercover, Special Forces Captain McClyde is a cruel mercenary but in real life he's on the same side as Georgie and 2-Section. Although, that doesn't exactly mean they get on – and he's got a long way to go to match Elvis's reputation with the gang.
“He's a tricky kind of guy. He's abrasive, brash and yet highly competent as a soldier,” explains Rix. “Ultimately, for all their naughtiness, he's a decent man with a healthy disrespect for authority; he's extremely focused on their missions and bailing out 2-Section every five minutes.”
What about their relationship with Georgie? “They have a turbulent friendship. But one that I think becomes mutually, albeit grudgingly, respectful in the end. They do a lot to test one another – Georgie does things that endangers others and compromises missions, and Bones definitely isn't a fan of that. However on a deeper and more interesting level, there's a maverick element about Georgie that is driven by quite a restless desire to help others. Bone has exactly the same streak and so I think they quietly find it very admirable.”
What else has Olly Rix been in?
Olly Rix made their TV debut in Death Comes to Pemberley playing Cartwright before moving onto The Musketeers (as Navas) and WPC 56 (as DI Harry Sawyer). He's also revealed that they originally auditioned to play Captain James for series one, but lost out on the role to Ben Aldridge.
Private Maisie Richards (played by Shalom Brune-Franklin)
Who is Maisie Richards?
Maisie Richards is fearless – but not always in a good way. The young private is bold, brash and often reckless but is the life and soul of any group and their advanced driving skills make them an asset to 2-Section. They rubbed Georgie up the wrong way at first thanks to their rash decision-making, but the two soon reconciled and Maisie is firmly one of the team. She's also caught the eye of young Rab who this series continues their incessant attempts to woo them
What else has Shalom Brune-Franklin been in?
Born to a Mauritian mother and Thai-English father, Shalom Brune-Franklin is a relative newcomer to the scene. Growing up in St Albans, they moved to Australia as a teenager and studied drama in Perth. Since graduating, she's landed roles in Australian drama Doctor Doctor and Channel 4's miniseries The State, and had a small part in Marvel blockbuster Thor: Ragnorak – but Our Girl is their first major appearance on British television.
“Maisie is one crazy lady. She's rebellious, they love to be the hero and bend the rules to save someone. She's a helper. She's outspoken, rebellious but good-natured.” Shalom Brune-Franklin
Captain James (played by Ben Aldridge)
Who is Captain James?
Captain James is a strong leader struggling with the loss of their best friend. An army man to the core, they are a respected officer and has been a good friend to Georgie over the years – but feels the need to protect them more than ever after Elvis's death. In series one they met Lacey Turner's army medic Molly Dawes and the pair have since married. But could pressure on their relationship and a growing disillusionment with the army lead Captain James to consider their future?
What else has Ben Aldridge been in?
A member of the Girl cast since series one, Ben Aldridge is the link between Molly and Georgie. He's enjoyed a varied acting career over the last ten years, appearing in series three and four of the BBC's Lark Rise to Candleford, as well as showing up in US drama Reign and Stan Lee's Lucky Man. Fleabag fans might also recognise them as the on-off love interest for Phoebe Waller-Bridge's character in the breakout BBC3 hit.
“Molly and James are going through a tough time. They've been apart for months and that puts pressure on the relationship. James is also suffering from losing Elvis and although he's buried it from 2-Section, they are experiencing symptoms of PTSD and Molly is the only one who knows.” Ben Aldridge
Private “Brains” (played by Simon Lennon)
Brains was always seen as the clever one in 2-Section – until the arrival of Rab. But as we pick up the new series, something else is troubling Brains as we see them fail to engage with the group and start snapping at their colleagues
Who is Simon Lennon?
Simon Lennon is yet to land much screen time but, in addition to their Our Girl role, has played Marcus Ruskin in an episode of Grantchester series three. He's also appeared on stage, most recently treading the boards in Our Town at the Almeida.
Rab (played by Harki Bhambra)
Who is Rab?
Along with Maisie, Rab was another newcomer to 2-Section last series, joining the rest of the unit in Nepal. “He's from Leeds and he's a Muslim,” creator Tony Grounds told RadioTimes.com. “He's a young guy who could have gone to university but chose to join the army. Patriotic, funny, bright as a button – they put Brains to shame because Brains has got a few GCSEs but Rab has got A levels.”
The gang's tour to Nepal saw Rab and Maisie get closer – especially when Rab was injured – but will their endless attempts to strike up a romance have any effect?
What else has Harki Bhambra been in?
A graduate of Mountview drama school, Harki Bhambra has appeared in Drifters, Two Doors Down, Hospital People and a little known show called Doctor Who, playing Mike in 2015's The Magician's Apprentice.
Platoon Sergeant King (played by Rolan Bell)
Kingy kicks 2-Section into line, under the instruction of Captain James. Respected by the men, they know how to joke around but can pull rank and demand authority when it's called for.
Who is Rolan Bell?
Rolan has played Kingy since the start of series two, but is also known for their six-month arc as Theo – Chelsea Fox's love interest – in EastEnders back in 2009. He's also popped up in Doctors, WP56 and Scott & Bailey.
Private “Fingers” Stille (played by Sean Ward)
Private “Fingers” has been with Our Girl since series one. He's one of the lads and – along with the rest of 2-Section – has been on several tours with plenty of experience of perilous situations, including Georgie's dramatic kidnapping in series two.
Who is Sean Ward?
Like their co-star Michelle Keegan, Sean Ward also hails from the Coronation Street cobbles, playing villainous Callum Logan on the soap between 2014 and 2015 and dating fellow Corrie actor and Strictly star Georgia May Foote. Ward has also played parts in Casualty, Doctors, Island at War and The Royal.
Private “Monk” (Sean Sagar)
Monk is a long-serving member of 2-Section, travelling on a number of missions with the rest of the men.
Who is Sean Sagar?
Besides Our Girl, Sean Sagar is known for playing Tareek in Top Boy, MC Poison in Trollied and Daniel in Just a Couple, as well as their role as Freddie in film Ill Manors.
Past characters:
Elvis Harte (played by Luke Pasqualino)
Elvis Harte and Georgie Lane's on-off relationship has dominated much of the last two series – but that all came to an abrupt end when they were blasted off a building and died in Georgie's arms. It was a particularly cruel twist as the two had just rekindled their romance – and engagement – and Elvis's sudden demise still haunts poor Georgie as the new series picks up. Here's Our Girl creator Tony Grounds explaining why they had to kill off one of the show's fan favourites.
Who is Luke Pasqualino?
Most of us first became aware of Luke Pasqualino when they played Freddie McClair in E4 drama Skins. Since then, he's gone on to bag roles in BBC1's big-budget Musketeers (playing d'Artagnan) and US series Snatch, opposite Rupert Grint. He's also cropped up in The Borgias, Drunk History and Miranda.
Advertisement
Our Girl airs on Tuesdays at 9pm on BBC1
Catch up on yesterday's top stories and find out the weather and school closures for today, Tuesday, December 12.
School closures will be updated as more information come in so keep refreshing this page.
Schoenherr advised AG Foods and Coöperatief Avallon on the settlement of minority shareholders' disputes and on a subsequent management buyout.
In addition to the settlement of several minority shareholders' claims, the transaction consisted of the exit of these shareholders from AG Foods.
Schoenherr also advised the existing management on a buyout of Coöperatief Avallon (a majority shareholder in AG Foods), including on the acquisition financing with Czech financial institute Komerční banka.
AG Foods is a Czech company that develops, produces and distributes instant drink mixtures. It also focuses on the sale and service of mixtures preparation technology for the food and hotel/restaurant/café industry.
Coöperatief Avallon is part of the Avallon Polish investment fund, which promotes the involvement of managers in equity transactions.
AG Foods was part of the €50m Avallon MBO Fund I.
The Schoenherr team was led by Vladimír Čížek (partner, Prague; corporate/m&a) and consisted of Jitka Kadlčíková (attorney at law, Prague; corporate/m&a), Natálie Rosová (attorney at law, Prague; banking, finance & capital markets), Helena Hangler (attorney at law, Prague; labour & employment), Denisa Assefová (attorney at law, Prague; IP, IT & Life sciences), Rudolf Bicek (associate, Prague; corporate/m&a), Katarzyna Terlecka (partner, Warsaw; corporate/m&a), Soňa Hekelová (partner, Bratislava; banking, finance & capital markets) and Gábor Kordoványi (attorney at law, Budapest; corporate/m&a).
WASHINGTON — Former Cambridge Analytica employee Christopher Wylie has arrived on Capitol Hill, where they are talking to House Democrats about their time with the data mining firm affiliated with President Donald Trump's campaign.
Wylie's visit is part of a Democratic attempt to keep congressional focus on Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether Trump's campaign was involved.  They are talking to Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee Tuesday and Democrats on the House intelligence committee Wednesday.
The GOP-led House intelligence panel shut down its Russian meddling probe last month, saying they don't see any evidence of collusion or co-ordination.
Wylie sparked a global debate over electronic privacy in March when they were part of an effort to reveal that Cambridge Analytica had gathered millions of Facebook profiles to influence elections.
By Austin Karonga
Australia broke a number of records on their way to an easy 100-run win over struggling hosts Zimbabwe in the ongoing Twenty20 triangular series yesterday.
The Baggy Greens' merciless skipper Aaron Finch led from the front with a career best 172 which is now the second highest individual score in T20 cricket just three runs short of Chris Gayle's 175.
Finch shared the first ever T20 opening double century partnership with fellow opener D'Arcy Short (48) and with that several records came tumbling.
That stand is now the highest T20 partnership, the highest T20 score by a single batsman, the longest T20 partnership in terms of balls and the highest percentage of runs scored by a single batsman in a T20 innings.
In the process, the Australians posted a commanding total of 229/2 in 20 overs and Zimbabwe's chase was never going to trouble the visitors as they could only reach 129/9.
To make matters worse for they host, angry local fans also staged a protest at the famous Castle Corner where they waved placards calling for the “immediate resignation of the entire Zimbabwe Cricket (ZC) board”.
Zimbabwe captain Hamilton Masakadza had backed their bowlers to stop the rampant Australians but the early warning signals were there.
On Monday, the Baggy greens had defeated the highest-ranked T20 side Pakistan by posting a nine-wicket victory at the same venue.
After losing their first game of the series by 74 runs to Pakistan, Zimbabwe made one change with Chris Mpofu coming in for injured seamer Kyle Jarvis while Australia remained unchanged from the squad that delivered against Pakistan.
Mpofu went for 13,25 runs an over after conceding 53 runs in four overs while Blessing Muzarabani, who took two wickets, gave away 38 runs at an economic rate of 9,50 runs an over.
Finch smashed 16 fours and 10 sixes on their way to their record breaking T20 score from just 76 deliveries beating their previous best of 156.
In response, Zimbabwe openers Solomon Mire and Chamu Chibhabha made 28 and 18 runs respectively with Peter Moor adding 19 runs at number five.
Australian seamer Andrew Tye picked up three wickets for 12 runs in four overs while slow left arm spinner Ashton Agar took two wickets.
“It was nice to get a few in the middle, and break the record. It could have started better with the ball, so I thought we could've been more polished…,” Finch said after the match.
“I thought using the spinners was the right move on the surface. Short was good too, but we bowled well in the middle overs. These inning are right up there. They don't happen very often, so very pleased with it.”
Zimbabwe captain Masakadza said they conceded too many runs in the powerplay which should not have been the case.
“We thought it couldn't get tougher than the first match, but here it was — got tougher. Credit to Finch, they struck it from the first ball,” Masakadza said.
“I think we can bowl a bit better. We've conceded far too many in the powerplay. We need someone to take a bit more responsibility. Boys started well with the bat. Tomorrow, let's see if we can improve against Pakistan.”
Zimbabwe face Pakistan this morning hoping for nothing short of victory to boost their hopes of staying alive in the series. DailyNews
2017 Politics: The year of the undercurrents
By Emmanuel Aziken, Political Editor
The year 2017 may remotely look like a passive year for politicians with the Anambra State governorship election about the most obvious political engagement. However, political undercurrents shadowing the 2019 political engagements two years ahead will flow through 2017 and define the way, and manner politics will be played in the immediate future.
Among the events that will engage political pundits will be some issues that flowed from last year among which are the controversies concerning the trial of Senate President Bukola Saraki, the corruption allegations against some principal officers of the administration, the ongoing political realignment in the Progressives Congress, APC; the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP and the continuing moves to form a mega political party from the perceived carcases of the two major political parties.
The implications of the new constitution to be churned out by the National Assembly in the first half of the year, as well as manoeuvres by political stakeholders in Edo and Rivers State will reverberate through the year.
THE war against corruption: The month of January would be definitive on how the world would reckon the anti-corruption battle of the present administration. Having sent a number of officials of the former PDP administration for trial on cases involving corruption, eyes would be focussed on how the APC administration addresses the internal battles within it that have exposed a spew of alleged corrupt deals involving some of its principal officials.
On focus would be the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr. Babachir Lawal who was last month indicted by a Senate Committee for allegedly running a private company while engaged in public service among other alleged unethical issues.
Given Mr. Lawal's close relationship with the president and their alleged membership of a section of the cabal, eyes would be on the president to see what they would do if Mr. Lawal is unable to prove their innocence in the court of public opinion.
Mr. Lawal was one of the principal facilitators of Buhari's sweep of Adamawa and the Northeast in the 2014 APC presidential primaries. Even though they were National Vice-Chairman, Northeast of the APC, there were very few who did not know of their bias for Buhari against Atiku Abubakar in the APC primaries.
Possible departure
Their possible departure from the administration would be celebrated by the Atiku camp in the APC, but how possible it could mollify or keep them within the party would be another guess.
Given the bad politics between Mr. Lawal and the Senate President, many would be watching to see how the Senate would receive Mr. Lawal during the defence of the budget of the Office of the SGF.
Also in January, attention would also be riveted on Mr. Ibrahim Magu, the acting chairperson of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, whose nomination for the substantive position was turned down by the Senate upon a scathing report by the Department of State Services, DSS.
Given the fact that they were rejected by the Senate, stakeholders would be watching to see how the 2017 budget proposals of the commission would be defended before the Senate. The general expectation is that the Senate would refuse Mr. Magu to defend the budget outlay of a body that a government agency said they are not capable of leading.
Saraki trial: The trial of the President of the Senate of allegations flowing from their service as governor of Kwara State more than ten years ago is expected to resume. That the security agencies had to dig back into their flight attendantship in Kwara suggested to many political stakeholders that the trial was politically motivated on account of the Senate leadership contest.
However, with Senator Saraki and President Buhari now chummy, the trial of the country's number three man which is expected to resume this January could draw much interest. Against the background of the alleged biases against Saraki at the Code of Conduct Tribunal, CCT, the prospects of a change attitude would be of interest.
The parallel trial of the Senate President and their deputy, Senator Ike Ekweremadu over the allegation of forging the Senate Rule Book was cut short last year after the prosecution dropped the charges on the premise that they were improperly filed.
Constitution amendment
The two houses of the National Assembly are expected in the first half of the year to conclude work on the ongoing alteration of the 1999 Constitution. The proposals on the card include proposals to strengthen democracy at the local government level through proposals to guarantee a three year tenure for local councils. That proposal would deny funding from the Federation Account to any local government council that is not democratically elected ala, caretaker committees. The moves to strengthen the councils would also scrap the State/Local Government Joint Accounts and by such empower the councils with funds that have otherwise been denied them by their governors.
Also on the card is the move to grant financial autonomy to the State Houses of Assembly, a proposal that was agreed by the National Assembly before but spurned by the state legislative houses.
Given President Buhari's acclaimed stance against corruption they are expected to key into the moves and by that assure more development at the local government levels.
Whither apc, pdp and the mega party?
The APC and the PDP would this year face more crises as the leaders of the two parties continue to position themselves for relevance.
The crisis in the APC has already been defined by the failure of the party to hold requisite meetings such as the National Executive Committee, NEC, and conventions. Even worse, the Board of Trustees, BoT of the party is yet to be formed more than two years after the party was formed.
The internal crisis that was first defined by the hostility of the party leadership towards the National Assembly leadership has apparently turned round with the John Odigie-Oyegun leadership in full war against the Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu tendency.
That war is not expected to abate, especially given assumptions by the Tinubu Camp that it helped to plant Odigie-Oyegun as national chairperson. Ahead of the governorship elections in Ekiti and Osun States next year, it is expected that the crisis in the party could worsen especially as the different camps position to take dominance of the structures that would produce the candidates for the elections.
A similar meltdown in the PDP could also be expected especially given the fact that the two major tendencies throughout last year refused to succumb to alternative dispute resolution.
The prospects of the PDP holding a safe and agreeable convention as planned in March seem farfetched, and PDP chieftains are expected to increasingly shift focus towards the planned mega party.
A committee to interact between the Senator Ahmed Makarfi led National Caretaker Committee and other political parties including chieftains of the mega party has already been put in place. But given the fact that those behind the mega party have begun to show themselves, the possibility of them acting with discretion in the matter and springing a surprise on the APC has been denied them.
Any more rivers to cross for Wike?
Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State was in Sokoto State last weekend. Yesterday, they told the Sultan, Alhaji Abubakar Sa‘ad III that Rivers State under them would not contemplate the splitting of Nigeria.
The visit could have underlined the historic engagement between the core-north and the South-South people, but it also affirms the determination of the embattled governor to consolidate their position in the face of the spirited attacks against them by the internal opposition to their rule.
Through the year, Governor Wike could be the subject of political conspiracies by the APC opposition, but it is doubtful if such would undermine their position.
With President Buhari increasingly engaged with the issues of the economy and having to contend with multiple internal challenges within their administration, Wike may have a breather in the year ahead.
Biafra: The agitation for Biafra would continue to resonate through the polity in the year ahead, especially if the administration continues to keep secessionist leader, Nnamdi Kanu permanently locked up. The leaders of the agitation would be expected to externalise the incarceration and possibly deploy the United Nation's charter for self-determination as a platform for their quest.
Anambra: Towards the end of the year, the only off season governorship election would hold in Anambra State. Governor Willie Obiano would be easily expected to get the ticket of their All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA.
The opposition would come from the APC and the PDP. However, the likely contenders in the PDP, notably Senator Andy Uba and Mrs. Uche Ekwunife according to speculations are already bracing to defect to the APC where they are expected to confront two men that have already started mobilising.
Contenders in the PDP
Comrade Tony Nwoye, the former chairperson of the PDP in the state and presently a member of the House of Representatives and Chief George Moghalu, a former national secretary of the defunct All Nigeria Peoples Party, ANPP are the two major contenders that Uba may meet if they go on to declare for the APC.
Nwoye was the PDP candidate in the 2012 contest and made a very good run despite the hostility of the PDP establishment and the then president, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan who reportedly showed a preference for the APGA candidate instead of their party man.
While tapping on the goodwill they have across the state, Nwoye would face the challenge of contesting against the goodwill of Moghalu who despite their limited structure has the goodwill of never having been in the PDP.
Platform of good works
Despite reported efforts by mutual friends of Mr. Peter Obi and Governor Willie Obiano to reconcile the two men, the former governor and their hand chosen incumbent are expected to go into the election on opposite sides. While it is too early in the day to predict how it would turn out, the horizon does not look very promising for Obiano to canter to victory on the platform of their good works.
After its show in Edo State, the gist is that the APC is desperate to get a foothold in the Southeast ahead of the 2019 general elections.
The decision of Dr. Chris Ngige not to seek the governorship could make it a straight fight between Nwoye and Moghalu irrespective of Senator Uba's decision.
Tinubu: Eyes would continue to be on the political gesticulations of Asiwaju Tinubu in the APC. Though the rumour is that they are not happy after what was done to them in Ondo State, political pundits believe that Tinubu may not rustle the feathers yet especially given the fact that their camp threw away its advantage by entering the Ondo primaries as a divided house.
Insinuations that Tinubu is not very happy is, however, countered by the claim by some of their few critics in the Southwest that the president has deferred to them by so far appointing only their nominees to the political appointments made from the Southwest. Fingers point towards the appointments into the National Communications Commission, NCC, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, and some aides of the president including Abike Dabiri-Erewa.
Tinubu it is said may not rock the boat in 2017 despite their beef with their former loyalist, Odigie-Oyegun.
The post 2017 Politics: The year of the undercurrents appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HARARE, Zimbabwe — The Zimbabwe Football Association says one of its referees has reported being offered a bribe of $10,000 to fix a Confederation Cup game in Equatorial Guinea.
It's the second time in two weeks that a match official has claimed to have been approached to fix a game in Africa's second-biggest club tournament.
Gladmore Mzambi, vice chairperson of the Zimbabwe association's referees committee, told The Associated Press on Tuesday that referee Norman Matemera reported being offered the bribe by representatives of Equatorial Guinea's Deportivo Niefang club. They wanted the ref to influence the second leg of their knockout tie against the Ivory Coast's Williamsville AC so they could overturn a 2-0 first-leg deficit.
Mzambi says that Matemera has reported that when they refused the bribe, they were approached by the match commissioner, Togo's Lawson Mahuwe, who also tried to bribe them on behalf of Deportivo Niefang.
The alleged attempt by Deportivo Niafeng did not work, with the team going out of the competition on aggregate despite winning the game in question last week 2-1.
South African referee Victor Gomes says that they and their assistants were offered $30,000 to fix a game in the same competition in Nigeria two weeks ago.
In one of the most eventful offseason news days for Kentucky basketball in recent memory the chips have fallen - well, most of them at least - and the smoke is clearing.Cats Illustrated's Jeff Drum...
WASHINGTON — The Washington Nationals say that assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation.
The team says the suspension is connected to a legal matter.
The club announced Jones' suspension less than a half-hour before the scheduled first pitch of Game 1 of Washington's NL Division Series against the defending World Series champion Chicago Cubs on Friday night.
The 42-year-old Jones retired as a player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
It's no secret that Parliament is in dire need of serious renovation, and it turns out that getting everything fixed is going to affect more than just the working location of a few out of touch MPs. It's been announced that Big Ben will be taking a four year rest, with the last bong taking place next Monday at noon.
Why you might ask? For health and safety reasons, that's why. Until the renovation of Elizabeth Tower is completed, the big bell will stop bonging every hour in order to protect workers' hearing. A parliamentary spokesperson said:
"The chimes are being stopped to provide a safe environment for the people working on the scaffolding. Constant proximity to the chimes would pose a serious risk to their hearing, and would prevent efficient working. People will be working on the scaffolding day-in day-out throughout the works, and, while protective headgear could be provided, it is not desirable for individuals working at height to have their hearing obscured as there is concern the ability to hear each other and any alarms could be affected."
The London Evening Standard points out that clock mechanics are issued ear defenders when working on the clock, but spend very little time in proximity to the bonging bell each week.
The iconic London bongs first began 157 years ago, though they haven't been interrupted during that time. The bell had to be silenced in 2007 to carry out maintenance, as well as during previous renovations between 1983 and 1985.
The clock itself will continue to tell the time, so the bell will be disconnected from the clock systems with the hammers locked in place. The bell will, however, get the chance to bong away during important events such as the New Year and Remembrance Day. Other that that, however, the bongs will only properly return when works are completed in 2021.
Provided, of course, that the renovation works don't end up behind schedule. But come on, when has that ever happened? [London Evening Standard]
More Locations Posts:
LOS ANGELES — Before the game, the UCLA student section serenaded Thomas Welsh with “Happy Birthday.”
The senior was giving the gift, though.
Welsh hit a go-ahead 3-pointer with 51 seconds left, lifting the Bruins to an 82-79 victory on Saturday and snapping the Trojans' six-game winning streak.
“That's special when you have a seven-footer who can make threes,” UCLA coach Steve Alford said.
Welsh then calmly sank two free throws with 11 seconds remaining and finished with 21 points on their 22nd birthday to seal a third straight win for the Bruins (16-7, 7-4 Pac-12).
“Just stepping to the line and doing the same repetition,” Welsh said, describing their mindset with the outcome in doubt. “Just going through my form and knocking them down, not thinking about it.”
Aaron Holiday led the Bruins with 23 points, including five 3-pointers, and nine assists while playing 40 minutes. They improved to 12-2 at home.
The Trojans (17-7, 8-3) were led by Elijah Stewart with 20 points, nearly double their average. Nick Rakocevic and Shaqquan Aaron added 14 points each.
“Both teams are going to come out fighting and make sure you punch first and keep on punching,” Welsh said.
After Welsh's go-ahead 3-pointer, Stewart got fouled and made both, leaving USC trailing 80-79.
Aaron missed a jumper for the Trojans and Welsh got fouled while grabbing the rebound. The Bruins ended the game on a 22-10 run.
“It was a really high-intensity game,” USC coach Andy Enfield said. “Both teams played great, especially on the offensive end. It really just came down to that last shot at the end.”
Jordan McLaughlin and Jordan Usher each missed 3-pointers for USC in the last four seconds. McLaughlin finished with five points on 2-of-8 shooting, well off their 12.6-point average.
“I just really hate losing,” McLaughlin said. “The Pac-12 is a tough conference. You have to take care of your home court and try to steal some games on the road.”
Rakocevic scored 10 of USC's first 14 points to open the second half, extending the Trojans' lead to 55-53. The Bruins answered with a dunk by G.G. Goloman and a 3-pointer from Holiday for a 58-55 lead.
USC outscored UCLA 14-2 to go back in front 69-60. Stewart had five points and Chimezie Metu four in the spurt.
The Bruins took a 71-69 lead with 11 straight points that included two 3-pointers by Holiday, who converted two free throws after off-setting fouls by Alex Olesinski and Rakocevic, who also got a technical for a tie-up involving Olesinski.
“It was a flagrant foul by (UCLA), and Nick retaliated,” Enfield said. “I just told Nick that they should have just let them be.”
USC built an 11-point lead midway through the first half before UCLA erased most of it with a 14-2 run. Chris Smith came off the bench to score four points and Holiday sandwiched 3-pointers around a free throw by Smith that put the Bruins ahead 30-29.
The game was tied twice more before USC got four straight points by Stewart to lead 41-40 at halftime.
BIG PICTURE
USC: The Trojans were 7-1 in January for their most wins in the month since going 7-2 in 1982. They are second in the league standings behind Arizona. “We just have to really watch film and stay consistent about the things that we do, and we should be OK,” McLaughlin said.
UCLA: The Bruins have seven regular season games remaining, with just two of those at home. The victory gives their NCAA Tournament hopes a much-needed boost, but they face a tough trip to the Arizona desert next week.
BENNIE'S BACK
USC's Bennie Boatwright returned after missing two straight games because of a sore right foot. They finished with two points on 0-of-5 shooting and missed all three of their 3-point attempts in nine minutes. They average 15.1 points.
FAMOUS FACES
Reggie Miller led a strong turnout by UCLA alums, including Jamaal Wilkes, Mike Warren, Lucius Allen, Charles O'Bannon, Earl Watson and Tony Parker. “Those guys are who established UCLA,” Welsh said.
UP NEXT
USC: At No. 25 Arizona State on Thursday in the second of three straight road games. The Trojans have lost five in a row in Tempe by an average of 4.4 points.
UCLA: At No. 9 Arizona on Thursday in the teams' only regular season meeting.
——
More AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Securus Technologies, a leading provider of civil and criminal justice technology solutions for public safety, investigation, corrections and monitoring, announced today that it has filed additional patent invalidation requests (a.k.a. Inter Partes Reviews or IPRs) with the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB).
A brief description of each patent that Securus has filed to invalidate is as follows:
"After a significant amount of legal and patent expert review, we believe both of the GTL patents highlighted above are worthy of the formal process of patent invalidation," said Richard A. ("Rick") Smith, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Securus Technologies.
"We believe that a number of patents in our competitor's portfolio can be invalidated by using the legal notion of 'prior art,'" indicated Smith.
Prior art, in most systems of patent law, is constituted by all information that has been made available to the public in any form before a given date that might be relevant to a patent's claims of originality. If an invention has been described in the prior art, a patent on that invention is not valid.
Attacking the validity of a patent must present clear and convincing evidence establishing facts that lead to the legal conclusion of invalidity. To establish invalidity under the United States patent law, certain factual predicates are required before the legal conclusion of obviousness or non-obviousness can be reached. The underlying factual determinations to be made are:
1) The scope and content of the prior art;
2) The differences between the claimed invention and the prior art;
3) The level of ordinary skill in the art; and
4) Objective evidence of non-obviousness, such as commercial success, long-felt but unsolved need, failure of others, copying, and unexpected results.
"I had previously indicated that we needed $115 million from GTL for a longer term license agreement based on other agreements that we negotiated with competitors including GTL - that is certainly justified in this case. We could reduce that request based on establishing mutual reciprocal patent license agreements," added Smith. "I love our industry and company, and want to move both Securus and GTL forward without the significant bandwidth and financial resources that are required by continuing our litigation," Smith said.
"To date, for 2015 through August, 2017, we have spent approximately $18 million in outside legal costs to defend our patent portfolio, to invalidate GTL patents, and to file patent infringement lawsuits against GTL. I estimate GTL has spent at least $25 million doing the same things - so approximately $43 million in total. Projecting that out another five (5) years is at least another $125 million - which could be better directed to building products that benefit inmates, friends/family, corrections, law enforcement, and all society. Securus does not choose the continued litigation path unless GTL chooses continued litigation. We are quite prepared for either option," said Smith.
The United States Patent and Trademark Office has put a new "invalidation process" in place that allows litigants in patent infringement cases to attempt to invalidate patents. GTL has used this process to their advantage in having some pieces (claims) of Securus patents invalidated and we have done the same to GTL. Based on recent IPR rulings, we expect the invalidation process to eliminate approximately 50% of Securus and GTL previously approved patents. If that occurs, GTL will likely spend approximately $120 million and Securus will likely spend approximately $60 million in outside legal fees - a foolish use of money on both sides. BUT , GTL will also have the added burden of trying to invalidate an additional 20 to 30 new patents Securus is getting approved each year - or likely approximately $30 million to $45 million per year in additional legal costs to them.
"Invalidating GTL existing patents is part of a process that they initiated approximately three (3) years ago instead of negotiating a license agreement with Securus - a route that every other significant carrier in our sector has taken. We have negotiated 19 license agreements with carriers - 2 of those with GTL," said Smith. "The carriers that have negotiated license agreements all have received significant value - and I believe they have recognized that. Overall, our patent related metrics are superior to those of GTL so in the long run, we should eventually prevail," concluded Smith.
ABOUT SECURUS TECHNOLOGIES
Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, and serving more than 3,450 public safety, law enforcement and corrections agencies and over 1,200,000 inmates across North America, Securus Technologies is committed to serve and connect by providing emergency response, incident management, public information, investigation, biometric analysis, communication, information management, inmate self-service, and monitoring products and services in order to make our world a safer place to live. Securus Technologies focuses on connecting what matters®. To learn more about our full suite of civil and criminal justice technology solutions, please visit SecurusTechnologies.com.
$page_length='long'; ?>
Ghanaian music group, Gallaxy
Ghanaian music group, Gallaxy is currently on set shooting video for their new highlife song,'My prayer' featuring Kofi Kinaata of High-grade Family.
It is no doubt that, Gallaxy has over the years built a huge catalogue of quality music videos for themselves as one of Africa's promising brand and their upcoming music video directed by Xbills Ebenezer is expected to push their admirable brand to another level and also grab the heart of music lovers both in Ghana and abroad.
The video is being shot at beautiful locations in and out Accra under the management of LYF Entertainment and Gallaxy music.
When ready, the video will be released digitally on their YouTube channel www.Youtube.com/GallaxyOfficial, other portals and Television stations countrywide.
Follow the link to stream the audio on YouTube and be on the lookout for “My prayer” video by Gallaxy.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
Zeena Parkins Three Harps, Tuning Forks & Electronics, Laraaji Celestial Vibration
Zeena Parkins
Three Harps, Tuning Forks & Electronics
(Good Child)
Harps: they're not just for angels or television show dream sequences. There is a short list of musicians who use harps in interesting ways, and Zeena Parkins has been on that list since the ‘80s when they were a member of the legendary Skeleton Crew with guitarist Fred Frith and the late cellist Tom Cora.
A composer and improviser, who often favors their custom-made electric harp, Parkins has worked with the likes of Björk, Yoko Ono and John Zorn and has created music for film and dance.
One such dance piece is their originally improvised score for choreographer Neil Greenberg's “Really Queer Dance with Harps” from a decade ago, and Parkins has adapted this work into a stand-alone recording, Three Harps, Tuning Forks & Electronics, which features harpists Nuiko Wadden, Kristen Theriault and Megan Conley in addition to Parkins and guest Ikue Mori.
The opening piece “Muted” starts with octave-separated notes on muted strings, eventually introducing unmuted note patterns played in unison from the harp trio, weaving in and out of a minimalist soundstream.
“Determined” uses electronic manipulation, with garbled tones among the clarity of pure tones, and “Tuning Forks” has even more pure tones from the titular tone generators, adding somber sounds that resemble bowed strings, fluttering electronics, reversed sounds and watery, reverberating bursts in the context of electro-acoustic music.
Even beyond its angelic associations, the harp has a sort of inherent purity in its sound—also because its strings are single-note and unfretted—but Parkins has a toolbox for the performers to introduce such impurities, in addition to their electronic processing.
Objects such as metal bolts and basting brushes or textiles like yarn and ribbons are used on the harps, and the musicians also employ Ebows (hand-held devices to vibrate strings) and mallets.
“Drumming” begins with minimalist approaches and swiftly becomes more confrontational, with the players slapping the wood of the harps, sounding like a stampede and seemingly driving a sound-based story. The album ends with “Coda,” with tender yet swift melodic interplay that gets interrupted by a ramping outburst of distortion, lending to the concept of a purity being sullied in controlled ways.
Laraaji
Celestial Vibration
(Soul Jazz)
In one of those “right place, right time” busking success stories, musician Edward Larry Gordon—who plays the hammered dulcimer, zither and mbira (thumb piano)—was performing in a park in New York City in 1979 when Brian Eno stumbled upon him; impressed by what they heard, Eno eventually offered to release an album as part of their Ambient series (which also includes the classic albums Music for Airports and the Eno/Harold Budd collaboration The Plateaux of Mirror).
Under the name Laraaji—reflecting Gordon's devotion to Eastern spirituality and mysticism—the album Ambient 3: Day of Radiance was released in 1980. However, before that, Gordon had already released their debut album, Celestial Vibration, under their birth name on a small-run boutique label in 1978, and it has been recently reissued by the Soul Jazz label in multiple formats.
Comprised of two 24-minute tracks, Celestial Vibration unwinds gradually, with subtle yet apparent changes that unfurl for patient listeners who seek an experience that is simultaneously soothing and stimulating.
Reversing the original track order, this reissue begins with “All Pervading,” which uses a fast tempo, with Laraaji going through several cycles of alternating between their swift hammered dulcimer sequences and mbira passages, never dropping the rhythm. There is a light envelope processing effect on their sounds—think about the way the sound of a mouth harp changes as a player opens or closes their mouth—and a slight phaser effect.
While Laraaji's hammered dulcimer notes sound heavenly, the mbira has a shambling, homemade feel that is earthier, emphasizing rough textures rather than notes. At times, the effects make Laraaji's notes sound like synthesizers, and the exquisite, glistening cascades on this piece are comparable to those heard on “The Dance” on Ambient 3: Day of Radiance.
“Bethlehem” is a more abstract number, taking advantage of space and time and demanding more patience; a few more peculiar moments have Laraaji creating metallic buzzing, as if springs were attached to their instrument's strings, or nervously tapping with their fingers.
Overall, it's a satisfyingly meditative piece that marks a fascinating debut.
Back in the 1980s there was a classic TV commercial from Maxell audio cassettes. Younger folks won't remember it, but now they can see the remake on HMF's website. Instead of a stereo speaker, they have their exhaust system to blast out even better sounds. The Dirt Wheels crew got a kick when watching the video and we give the guys at HMF a thumbs up.
Watch it here > http://www.hmfracing.com/listen?utm_source=listen&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=official
SALEM, Ore. — The head of Oregon's emergency management agency has apologized after a cryptic emergency alert was forced out to cellphones in and around Oregon's capital city, displaying the words “Civil Emergency” and “Prepare for Action,” but carrying little other information.
Andrew Phelps said late Tuesday that a technical glitch had cut off crucial information: that the alert concerned elevated levels of a natural toxin in a local reservoir. Children and people with compromised immune systems have been told not to drink tap water in the Salem, Oregon, area, after an algae bloom caused the spike.
“The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message,” Phelps said in a video posted on the social media by the Office of Emergency Management. “I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused.”
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
The systems are capable of pushing messages directly to every cellphone in a given area even if users haven't subscribed or downloaded an app. Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with a spokesperson telling reporters the message had caught them unawares and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website, which briefly crashed under the load.
Within hours of the alert going out Tuesday night, the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown centre were stripped of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers had brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
Wednesday morning Cole Mahaffey, a Salem resident, set down a case of bottled water they were carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on their phone, with an ominous warning but no other information.
“It almost made me not want to go outside,” Mahaffey said, adding that the alert caught them at the gym, and that they had interrupted their exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about. “I didn't know if there was something going on in the area, or if there was a shooter, you just had no way of knowing.”
OMNISPORT
Real Betis have completed the signing of Javi Garcia from Zenit for an undisclosed fee.
The 30-year-old midfielder has joined the Seville-based club on a three-year deal.
"I am very excited," Garcia said after Betis announced the deal.
💬 @javigarcia06: “I've been several teams but I never felt this eagerness to get started” 😊🔜⚽️
➡️ https://t.co/cudsGJlgM5 pic.twitter.com/djN1rP5XN6 — Real Betis Balompié (@RealBetis_en) August 14, 2017
"Betis were my first choice because the club is making a great effort to put a competitive team together."
The former Real Madrid and Manchester City man spent three years with Zenit, winning one Premier League title, two Super Cups and the Russian Cup.
 They are the seventh permanent signing Betis have made in a hectic transfer window to date. They have also brought in Jordi Amat and Antonio Barragan on loan.
AP photo
Pagliacci, Trumpiacci and a Foreign Policy of Scary Clowns
By Ben Tanosborn
Whether one loves or despises any singular choice in President Trump's cabinet, I have come to realize that some of us had a glimmer of hope in the possibility Rex Tillerson would have a chance to become US' most successful secretary of state in three decades. A glimmer cut short, however, in the reality of Tillerson being sandwiched between a narcissist clown as a boss and a bipartite Congress obsessed with empire as its mission; coupled, of course, with a neocon hawkish ideology in both State Department and Pentagon - ideology that has operated on autopilot for over two decades no matter the circumstances or which party occupied the White House.
Simply put, Secretary of State Tillerson, a good pick for a difficult job, was placed in the diplomatic arena flanked by a pack of creepy clowns to keep them in check, including the nascent political figure, Nikki Haley, our strident ambassador to the UN.
Allow me a short introduction before I characterize Tillerson as a furtive hope.
Leoncavallo's opera, Pagliacci (Clowns), debuted a century and a quarter ago to a much-delighted public amid accusations of plagiarism against its author. A psychiatrist friend once told me that the abnormal fear of clowns, coulrophobia, had been exacerbated by this opera and subsequent literary and theatrical spin-offs that made "the creepy clown" or "the killer clown" a fearful character, particularly in the United States.
Americans' fear of clowns (at about 12%) - surpassed only by the fear of public speaking (74%), the fear of death (68%) and the fear of spiders (31%) - is claimed to have surpassed all others, including darkness (11%), heights (10%) and social situations (8%). Our very own American creepy clowns travel with a variety of circuses, the scariest among them doing their acts under religious and political tents in the uniquely American carnival atmosphere which permeates in religious revivals and political campaigns.
And so it came to pass in this 2015-6 presidential campaign, and our presumed choice between two totally unfunny clowns (Hillary and Donald) promoted by the sempiternal rule of money, that duped-Americans helped elect an unqualified, boorish president now miss-governing at will; a creepy clown living up to the full their title of "leader of the freak world."
Truth be said, Trump's takeover of the White House, and the governing drama which has followed in the past six months, is more than a reenactment of Pagliacci's clowns with just five characters in the plot. Trumpiacci, the saga of our new governing clowns, is writing itself into a libretto far more complex, with a menagerie of characters seeming to be stepping out of not just the opera Pagliacci but also Mario Puzo's crime novel, The Godfather. Such colorful cast is giving Trumpiacci great success in news-entertainment, perfect material for an opera, a movie or a Broadway play, but unfortunately pointing to a tragic drama, a reality play, with an unresolved denouement cynically painting political America as a garbage dump, far removed from past and proud democratic traditions.
Tragi-comically, in a stage of a diminished, tarnished America, we are confronted with the portrayal of "La Famiglia Trump" as America's self-designated rescue-and-cleanup team claiming as its mission nothing less than the draining of Washington's political swamp. And, we must add, with a most colorful cast to perform this task: Padre Trump, Bella Neddaka, Tardo Donio, Piu Tardo Erico, Consigliere Jaredo; and a support cast of dozens headed by Chiacchierona Keliana, Portavoce Sean, Short-Skirmish Tonio Scaramucci, and a string of generals, soldiers, and capos. An epic reality shows tailor-made to meet the Donald's ego-caressing demands, while unfortunately poised to provoke the patriarch's downfall in this All-American morality play.
Back to Tillerson and the stinky mess that Trump and the governing establishment have placed in their hands, with stipulations and restraints only a blinded leadership would impose if expecting a reasonable probability of success. Front and center: North Korea; Russia; Iran; the cauldron in the Middle East and Southwest Asia; Venezuela... plus an eroding de-friending of traditional allies. Trying to resolve any and all of these problems in un-holocaustic ways requires in most instances unconditional dialogue; something that the US has been unwilling to accept, still thinking of itself at its imperialistic apogee, something in obvious disconnect to today's economic and military realities.
The specter of a nuclear North Korea is not just the product of three generations of hate from the Kim-clan and its current despot-in-chief, Kim Jong-un. The US, in its imposed role of "regional military protector" has become, in perception and reality, a fearful predator for Pyongyang's regime. Neither China, nor the recent UN sanctions against North Korea, will bring a long term solution to this problem... a problem that needs to be addressed by China, Japan, and the two Koreas, independent of America's tentacles in the Far East. Rest assured that North Korea is not going to give up its peace-equalizer, so why not let Tillerson engage Jong-un and find out, first hand, what it takes to make nice and coexist. There are no other rational options to choose from.
That unconditional dialogue would serve all well if made as prologue to each and every negotiation, religiously applied to all confrontations where the US has interests at stake.
Perhaps it's my collegial affinity towards another engineer that makes me think of Rex Tillerson as a probable problem-solver, in contrast to the parade of carny-barkers and political ideologues that have been piloting a state department, or thinking they had, while navigating with an immutable foreign policy set on autopilot. Our adversarial relationship with Russia, Iran and other nations (or peoples) is only different in how we perceive the degree of danger for us; North Korea headlining the problem du jour.
Should we allow ourselves to fathom the idea that maybe an honest, apolitical engineer can bring about unconditional dialogue that can draw the blueprints for getting along? Why must Russia be treated as an adversary instead of a potential partner? Or Iran, for that matter? And why are we so intent in following a policy in the Middle East and Southwest Asia where the basic precepts invite failure?
During the presidential campaign Trump asked blacks for their vote saying, "What have you got to lose?" We could have the same request by asking Trump to give Tillerson a free hand in dealing with North Korea and the Russian Federation... the question this time directed to all Americans, "What have we got to lose?"
Ben Tanosborn
A number of new studies indicate millennials are generally doing a great job stashing money for the future. But some of those studies also show that they're wary about investing those savings in the stock market.
This could hurt them in the long run. Investing in the stock market is a powerful way to grow your money for your long-term goals — more on that below. But first, the good news.
Millennials are indeed saving
Although organizations vary in how they define the millennial generation, it broadly encompasses those born in the 1980s and 1990s. Looking at several studies paints a picture of their general habits:
71% of millennial workers are saving for retirement, either in a workplace plan or outside of work, and the median age at which they started saving was 24, younger than Generation X's median starting age of 30, according to a Harris Poll conducted for the Transamerica Center for Retirement Studies.
Fully 39% of millennials are defined in Transamerica's survey as “super savers” — they're saving more than 10% of their salary. That's close to the 15% experts often recommend.
Millennials are on track to replace 78% of their estimated retirement expenses, according to a 2018 Fidelity survey. That's a healthy rate. (Here are tips to help you figure out how much you'll need in retirement.)
About one in six millennials have saved $100,000 or more, according to Bank of America's Better Money Habits survey.
But investing has millennials a little spooked
Now the bad news:
42% of millennials are investing conservatively, compared with 38% of Generation X investors and 23% of baby boomers, according to the Fidelity survey.
Millennials held 25% of their investments in cash, compared to 19% of investors overall, according to a Charles Schwab & Co. study of client data.
20% of millennials say their retirement money is invested mostly in bonds, money market funds, cash or other stable investments, compared with 15% each for older generations, according to Transamerica.
66% of people aged 18 to 29 (and 65% of those 30 to 39) say investing in the stock market is scary or intimidating, compared with 58% of those aged 40 to 54 and 57% of those 55 and older, according to an Ally Financial survey.
So, what's the problem?
It's no surprise that investors who came of age during the 2008-09 financial crisis would hesitate to embrace the stock market — the S&P 500 lost about 57% of its value between October 2007 and March 2009, when the oldest millennials were in their late 20s.
The problem is, some millennials may be putting their retirement security at risk by shying away from stocks now. Consider that the S&P 500 averaged a 7.92% return from January 2007 through December 2017, adjusted for inflation and with dividends reinvested — and that time period includes the financial crisis. By comparison, the average annual return for money market bank accounts hasn't topped 0.3% in the past eight years.
Of course, it's difficult to generalize across a generation that includes about 71 million people (that figure is according to Pew Research Center, which defines millennials as those born from 1981 to 1996). Plenty of millennials are making smart financial decisions, says Meir Statman, professor of finance at Santa Clara University and author of “Finance for Normal People.”
“On the one hand, you have really great awareness on the part of millennials of the need to save for retirement,” Statman says. But, they add, many people “are still scarred by the financial crisis.”
Put risk in perspective
For people nervous about investing, the key is to put stock-market risk in perspective, Statman says.
“The risk of the stock market is not the biggest risk in life,” Statman says. Every time you make a decision — whether it's your career choice, whom you're going to marry, where you're going to live — that decision entails risk, they say. Maybe your chosen profession will become obsolete, or you'll choose a partner who isn't right for you.
“Taking risk is not a luxury; it's a necessity,” Statman says. “If you look at risk in the overall context of life, you see that we take risk not because we like risk, but because we have aspirations. Aspirations are the engine, the driver of the train, and risk is really one of the cars of the train.”
Others agree that millennials shouldn't necessarily run from stock-market risk. “Millennials have to be smart about risk. But they also have to be comfortable with the idea of some risk, at least in the short-term,” says Jason Kirsch, a certified financial planner, founder of investment advisory Grow, and author of “The Millennial Advantage: How Millennials Can (and Must) Be the Next Great Generation of Investors.”
For those ready to try investing, there are easy ways to get started. Some simple retirement portfolios you can build on your own. And there are robo-advisors who do the work of investment choice and management for you, for a relatively modest fee. (Read whether a robo-advisor is right for you.)
This article was written by NerdWallet and was originally published by Forbes.
More From NerdWallet
After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
On Tuesday:
The S&P 500 index skidded 35.73 points, or 1.3 per cent, to 2,634.56.
The Dow Jones industrial average gave up 424.56 points, or 1.7 per cent, to 24,024.13.
The Nasdaq composite tumbled 121.25 points, or 1.7 per cent, to 7,007.35.
The Russell 2000 index slid 8.84 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 1,553.28.
For the week:
The S&P is down 35.58 points, or 1.3 per cent.
The Dow is down 438.81 points, or 1.8 per cent.
The Nasdaq is down 138.77 points, or 1.9 per cent.
The Russell 2000 is down 10.84 points, or 0.7 per cent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is down 39.05 points, or 1.5 per cent.
The Dow is down 695.09 points, or 2.8 per cent.
The Nasdaq is up 103.96 points, or 1.5 per cent.
The Russell 2000 is up 17.77 points, or 1.2 per cent.
The $13,750 BMW C evolution isn't what the average American thinks of when the word "scooter" is mentioned. Instead of a tiny 50cc bike, the electric maxi-scooter is a 606-pound beast that should comfortably seat two (I didn't have any friends willing to ride with me) and at first glance could be mistaken for a motorcycle. But don't let the large footprint fool you: It's a quick commuting machine that's as comfortable on the freeway as it is on surface streets.
If you're a regular scooter rider or even someone who rides a typical motorcycle (aka not a huge Harley or Gold Wing), it takes a few miles to get used to the weight of the bike. It can be intimidating, but after you get into the groove, the electric scooter offers a smooth ride. That's probably because it's tough to bounce around that much mass. Whatever the reason, combined with the bike's snappy, fluid acceleration and electric-motor whir, navigating Los Angeles on the C evolution felt civil.
It helped that the bike has a 99-mile range rating, which, during my tests, were nearly dead-on -- as long as I didn't spend too much time on the freeway. Not bad, considering I regularly switched from the bike's energy-efficient Eco Pro mode to the high-powered Dynamic mode, which gives you all the power and regenerative braking.
Typically I use the energy-efficient mode on a car or bike for testing, then forego it after a few hours in the name of speed. On the C evolution, the Eco Pro mode was more than adequate to handle nearly all riding situations. I only switched to Dynamic mode to power up a hill on Interstate 405 and blast away from traffic lights (thanks to a 48-horsepower motor that pushes 53 pounds of torque).
There are two other modes available: Road gives you all the power with a little regenerative braking while Sail removes all regenerative braking. I stuck with Eco Pro and Dynamic modes for 95 percent of my rides, since they offered the best combination of riding and regenerative energy creation.
Regardless of how you ride, there is the usual electric-vehicle caveat that if you spend any time at high speeds on the freeway, you're going to burn through your charge. During an 11-mile jaunt on the highway at a steady 65MPH, I drained 20 percent of the battery. That's something to consider if you're interested in any EV for a daily commute that involves a lot of time on the freeway.
Recharging the bike after flying down the highway via the level 2 port took about 4 to 4.5 hours. It can also be charged with the 110-volt outlet you have at home, but expect it to take about twice as long. In a city like Los Angeles where malls, Whole Foods Markets and other businesses have chargers in their parking lot, pushing past the century mark during a single day wasn't a problem -- that is, if you're cool shopping or eating while you charge. That might not be so healthy for the bank account.
That's the rub with electric motorcycles and scooters. Unlike their four-wheeled counterparts, it's tough to see a financial incentive. The gas-powered BMW counterparts to the C evolution both get 51 miles per gallon, so the monthly outlay of cash isn't that high to begin with. There are the maintenance cost savings, but with a price tag that's about $3,000 more than comparable with BMW gas-powered scooters, it's tough to see the financial upside of the C evolution.
That said, as I rode through LA and saw a constant brown haze on the horizon, both over land and water, it was a reminder that petrol-powered vehicles contribute to that smog. In the grand scheme of things, it's important to see the C evolution and other EVs as vehicles that will reduce that brown sky. Sure, on a spreadsheet buying one doesn't add up, but when you take into account the impact vehicles have on our air, if you can afford to go EV and it fits into your lifestyle, it's almost a no-brainer.
It also helps that the C evolution is a blast to ride, thanks to electric motor torque. Plus, the BMW electric scooter that's purchased today might encourage the automaker to put electric motorcycles on the market tomorrow. Scooters make sense as EVs, but an electric motorcycle -- especially one for BMW -- well, those would be just too much fun to pass up.
TAMPA (WFLA) – Doctors are calling them a miracle. They can't explain how Austin Dunn, 21, survived being struck by lightning while working at the Southwest Florida International Airport in Fort Myers last month.
You can see the bolt strike the tail of a Sun Country Airlines plane last month and that's when Austin Dunn walked underneath the nose of the aircraft. The lightning hit and they got thrown backward from the jolt.
”He tells us when they were laying there after being struck, that they couldn't feel anything from the neck down and struggled to stay awake. They said they were kept awake by their ‘Poppy' Mike Dunn until help arrived. Their Poppy passed away 10 months ago from cancer,” their father said.
Dunn was taken to Tampa General Hospital Burn Unit ICU. They suffered third-degree burns all over their body. They have since been released.
“Austin is suffering from skin grafting and nerve damage in their heart and brain. A hole in their foot, exit wound, and the nightmares, we need to work on now,” their father said.
Dunn is at the beginning of a long recovery. They will get to keep their right hand where there was an exit would. They will undergo a log of physical therapy.
Their family said they need as much support as they can get. Their updates on Facebook keep friends in the loop.
“We want to thank the thousands of texts, emails and messages sent from friends, family and strangers, even people actually on that flight. So many prayer chains, and even the GoFundMe set up for him. Without your prayers we are not sure they would be here. Please continue to pray for their recovery. Doctors tell us they are nothing short of a ‘Miracle,' we believe that ‘Miracle' was all of your prayers!” their father said.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Tom Petit, a former sales and administrative executive with Atari, Nintendo and Sega USA, was found dead by their wife Nancy the afternoon of Nov. 21 at their home in Durango, Colorado. The Durango Herald reported that they died from a “self-inflicted gunshot wound.”
A University of Santa Clara graduate, Tom had spent around 28 years in coin-op before relocating to Durango to pursue a career in real estate. They were only 62 years of age.
More news as we get it.
Nobody truly knows whether Floyd Mayweather's boxing match with Conor McGregor will turn out to be a unique spectacle or an overhyped debacle.
The only certainty is that the next 2½ months of hype will be a masterpiece of fight promotion from two of the best ever to play that game.
Mayweather and McGregor revealed their plan Wednesday to fight Aug. 26 in Las Vegas . In an appropriate move for a fight that grew into reality after two years of verbal jousting and several months of social-media skewering, the two titans of their respective sports confirmed the news on their Instagram accounts.
And in another preview of what everyone should expect during their summer of promotion, McGregor's post included their photo opposite Floyd Mayweather Sr., the boxer's 64-year-old father, with a straight-faced caption: "THE FIGHT IS ON."
Few athletes in recent sports history have sold their sports better than the imperious Mayweather and the loquacious McGregor.
Both fighters have spent years crafting outlandish public personae characterized by a few common themes: cartoonish arrogance, a fetishistic obsession with money and an eagerness to make reckless pronouncements about their opponents, their opponents' fans — and, increasingly, each other.
They'll use those gifts to ratchet up the hype during a hot summer culminating in their desert showdown. Along the way, they might even sell the skeptical portion of the public on a fight that — as even its promoters acknowledge — could turn out to be a colossal mismatch.
Mayweather apparently learned about McGregor's verbal skills even before their fighting acumen, according to Mayweather adviser Leonard Ellerbe. McGregor rapidly rose from obscurity to multi-division UFC dominance only because they coupled their mixed martial arts skills with attention-grabbing soundbites.
"This kid, he's been making a lot of noise," Ellerbe said Wednesday, recalling the reason that they first introduced Mayweather to video of McGregor's punching power.
Mayweather and McGregor have traded innumerable shots online and through the media while this fight evolved from a preposterous barroom fantasy discussion into a real thing.
McGregor even talked about it back in 2015, when they told Esquire that they would "kill (Mayweather) in less than 30 seconds" and affirmed their interest in the bout while appearing on Conan O'Brien's talk show.
McGregor ignited the hype in May 2016 by posting a mock-up of a fight poster on Twitter. Mayweather responded three weeks later with their own less polished version of a poster , and the unbeaten champion claimed they had started the rumors of a McGregor bout.
With little to lose and immeasurable wealth and fame to gain, McGregor used their public platform in promoting their UFC bouts last year to take repeated jabs at the 40-year-old Mayweather's age, declining skills and unwillingness to end their retirement.
McGregor turns 29 next month, making them decidedly middle-aged in pro sports, yet they take humorous delight in painting themselves as a raw youngster going against a grizzled old-timer .
As recently as December, Ellerbe said a Mayweather-McGregor fight would never happen because the UFC's top brass wouldn't allow it. UFC President Dana White also acknowledges they were once lukewarm about the possibility, believing Mayweather wouldn't risk their legacy.
And then in January, McGregor posted a cartoon on Instagram in which they stood over a flattened Mayweather, holding both fighters' championship belts aloft. As a bonus, McGregor's caption read: "Call me CJ Watson!" in a biting reference to the former NBA guard who had a relationship with Josie Harris, the mother of Mayweather's children.
Mayweather replied eight days later with an Instagram post of an infographic comparing the fighters' net worth. In the caption, Mayweather instructed McGregor: "Before you ask for $25 million, be worth more than $25 million."
Vegas sports books introduced a betting line on the bout in February.
Mayweather had clearly warmed to the idea of fighting McGregor by March, when they told fans in Britain that they would come out of their latest retirement to take on the challenge. That same month, McGregor showed up in a fur coat at fellow Irishman Michael Conlan's boxing debut at Madison Square Garden and harangued the assembled media with a rant punctuated by their latest catchphrase: "I am boxing!"
After posting a video on April 20 in which they shadowboxed and insulted Mayweather's courage, McGregor took a brief break from their social media pursuit of Mayweather after their first son was born in May .
Mayweather went back to their usual retirement métier: Posting photos of themselves surrounded by the trappings of outlandish wealth .
And then the megafight was on , after remarkably simple negotiations among the UFC, Mayweather Promotions and Showtime.
A national press tour is expected to kick off soon. Mayweather and McGregor will spend the summer showing off their promotional gifts for a fight that started as a social media argument — and became the main event of the year.
The Irish actor reveals what's in store for Ross and Demelza after that dramatic series three finale and hints at what's to come when Poldark heads for parliament
When last we saw Aidan Turner's Ross Poldark on screen their marriage was on the rocks and they had their sights set on a new role in Westminster.
Advertisement
Ross and Demelza (Eleanor Tomlinson) had a rather stormy series three. A charming young man by the name of Hugh Armitage (Josh Whitehouse) – who had been held captive with Doctor Dwight Enys (Luke Norris) in France – wooed the captain's wife while their husband's attentions were focused elsewhere.
Demelza gave into temptation with Armitage in the series finale, which ended with a bittersweet scene of Mr and Mrs Poldark in bed together contemplating their future. So, where will we find them in series four?
“They might start off a bit rocky and they might try to figure things out,” Aidan Turner told RadioTimes.com at the Radio Times Covers Party. “It's a very real relationship, these things can happen in a marriage.”
Turner is hopeful that their and Tomlinson's portrayal of the troubled couple's attempt to get back on track in the “tempestuous” fourth series will resonate with viewers. “I think we tackle it in a very real way,” they said. “It's something an audience will understand.”
The series finale also saw Ross nearly come to blows with their friends, as the people of Cornwall protested against cruel MP George Warleggan's high grain prices. As an angry mob – including Demelza's brother, Sam (Tom Yorke), and old Poldark family friend Tholly Tregirls (Sean Gilder) – descended on George's grain stores, Ross and their militia held the line and when they finally realised just how much suffering George's policies were causing, Ross agreed to stand for parliament himself.
Will Ross make a good politician? “You're going to tell me when you see the speeches in the House of Commons!” Turner laughed, joking that there's “not much room for the horse” in Captain Poldark's new haunt. He's rather excited to take the character to a new setting, which they believe is an inevitable next step. “It's great, for Ross to do something different, to take it to London, to get involved, it's where they were always headed I think.”
As the newly appointed man of the people, could Ross prove to be something of an 18th century Jeremy Corbyn? “I don't know. What would Jeremy Corbyn be like in a tricorn hat? That's what I want to see!”
The actor seemed confident that Ross had found their new calling in the political sphere, though. “It's where their passion lies, it's what he's interested in, and that's where they need to fight George Warleggan (Jack Farthing), not in Cornwall any more but in the House of Commons. That's where it's at.”
Speaking of George, who enjoyed a number of deliciously terse exchanges with Ross in series three, Turner promised we'll see a few more spats between the pair when the drama returns. “When they're around we're never too far away from some sort of scrap so there's a little bit of that this year.”
But when will Poldark actually be back on our TV screens? We know that it's probably due to air later this summer, but can Mr Turner shed any more light?
“Sooner rather than later, I imagine” said Turner. “I think it's probably a different time to last year, it's probably earlier from what I can gather. They need to finish post production and all of those sorts of things so that's when I step out.”
Filming on series four has only wrapped this month, but everyone is eager to find out just how much more of Turner's Cornish captain we'll get to see on screen. Series four is said to draw on the final third of Winston Graham's sixth Poldark book The Four Swans and all book seven, The Angry Tide, after which there's a 10-year time shift.
Advertisement
“Definitely we're going to do season five, we're going to shoot the fifth one. After that, I don't know,” said Turner. “We'll have to see how it all goes, but definitely for five. It's kind of one step at a time.”
CALGARY — WestJet Airlines Ltd. says it's experiencing a computer system outage that is expected to cause delays in its operations.
The airline recommends travellers arrive early at the airport and check their flight status ahead of time.
Travellers have reported on Twitter that there are long lines and kiosks off-line at some airports, as well as issues with booking on the company's website.
The incident comes after the airline said last October computer problems caused delays for dozens of flights.
Don't accept back pain as you would accept grey hair on the head!
It is very common nowadays for most elderly people to link ageing with back pain. A man found it difficult to coerce their 68 years father, who had prolonged pain in the lower back to attend a health facility for attention. They would say: “My son, don't bother yourself about my back problem; it has been with me for decades and as I become older, I get more and more disabled, which accompanies the pain. It is the reward of old age.”
Another had this to say: “My father and mother suffered this pain in the back for more than 20 years and they all died with it; so my case should not be different at my 70s.
“Back pain is a price I know I have to pay for ageing. My father had it which made them to even bend over like the letter ‘C' and it was never a major complaint while they lived. Their complaint mostly was frequent urination.”
Common back pain may metamorphose from acute to disabling chronic stage and when this occurs the victim gradually assumes a habitual poor posture, which bent towards the pain-free side (scoliosis), a reflex reaction to avoid pain on the opposite side of the body. This could bring about structural changes in the joints of the spine if allowed to persist. Also, excessive wear will occur resulting in premature ageing in the joints.
Those of us who allow poor postures to persist throughout our lifetime become bent and stooped as the ageing process develops. When called to straighten and stand erect, we are unable to comply our mobility is now impaired and we are considered by others to be affected by normal ageing process. Most deformities in the elderly people and even the younger ones are the visible effects of poor postural habit or persistent back pain that was not properly addressed earlier.
There are secondary and sometimes severe consequences when their effects are transmitted to our body organs. Organs such as the lungs are constricted and breathing is affected. Stomach and other internal organs are deprived of their proper support. Furthermore, there could be interference with bowel movement, urine control and even penile erection!
Really, bones and disks in our spines can degenerate over time, causing stiffness and soreness. To be candid, in my years of practice as a physiotherapist, coupled with my postgraduate experience in Human Kinetics, back pain really doesn't need to be an inevitable part of aging if one takes the right lifestyle approach.Top of ForBottom of Form
Nearly all of us experience back pain sometime in our lives, and the list of possible back pain causes is long — poor posture, being overweight, smoking, poor eating habits, spinal diseases, and other health conditions, including cancer. And then there's the number-one back pain cause, which is aging, brought about by just normal wear and tear.
What is causing the pain? Your spine consists of individual bones called vertebrae, which are stacked one on top of the other. Between each vertebra are small joints that allow your spine to move and discs with jelly-like centres that act as shock absorbers and prevent your bones from rubbing against each other.
As we age, the discs between the vertebrae wear away and shrink, which causes pain and stiffness as the bones start to rub against each other. In addition, the space around our spinal cord narrows over time. This condition, known as spinal stenosis, also puts pressure on the cord and spinal nerves, causing pain.
If you overdo it, you may feel muscle soreness in your lower back. Should you break a bone or experience whiplash during your lifetime, you can accelerate a type of arthritis that can cause back or neck pain,
While disc degeneration and spinal stenosis are most commonly seen in older patients, they are becoming younger persons' problems, too. So many more young people — people in their 20s and 30s — who, if you x-rayed their spines, would show some level of arthritis or degenerative changes. The reason is that more people, including children, are seriously overweight and have diabetes, which can create an inflammatory process in the entire body that results in neck and back pain.
If your back pain cause can be determined, the pain can be treated in three ways — with medications, especially when it is caused by infections or inflammation, physiotherapy could be applied for mechanical or non-specific back pain and surgery, used when the preceding ones fail and could be , either singly or in combination.
To keep your back from hurting as you age, it's very important to have good posture when you stand or sit, maintain a healthy weight, eat a good diet with needed nutrients for joint and bone health, exercise to keep your back and abdomen strong and flexible, and reduce stress. Indeed People with healthy habits can age better.
If you do experience back pain, even if you think the cause is aging, don't ignore it. It could be a sign of a serious, but treatable disease. You don't have to live with back pain, no matter what your age. Talk to your doctor for a referral to reputable physiotherapy outfit and see what can be done to provide back pain relief.
Lest I forget, the back pain care foundation shall, as their corporate social responsibility (CSR), conduct a three-day free treatment (physiotherapy) for neck pain, mid-back pain and lower back pain sufferers in Abuja, next month.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – The relatives of Iraqi Catholic refugees housed in the Northeast Ohio Correctional Center on Youngstown's east side were supposed to rally Wednesday afternoon outside the prison — but only one person showed up.
Maron Yousif — a Chaldean Catholic Iraqi immigrant — has become the spokesperson for the group.
They drove from Detroit to Youngstown on Wednesday for what was supposed to be a rally for fellow Chaldeans being detained in the private prison on Youngstown Hubbard Road. But Yousif was the only one who showed up and they were there for just 15 minutes.
They were expecting more people to show up.
“There was rumor going on around town that everyone was going to come. Maybe someone got a tip-off, saying that they won't let anybody in. They wouldn't even let me in,” Yousif said.
They think somebody may have stopped the protest from happening.
“I have reason to believe that they may have shut it down or told people to not come, and kind of block the protest,” they said.
Prison officials and police were ready for a rally.
At 1:30 p.m., pylons were stretched across the front entrance and vehicles were stopped before being let through. A Youngstown police cruiser was parked across the street and U.S. Marshals sat in pickup trucks.
When nothing happened by 3:00, most of them left and only the pylons and prison guard remained.
The detainees were arrested Sunday by immigration officials in Detroit, who say all of the immigrants have felony criminal convictions.
“They have faced their time and they shouldn't be facing a death sentence after facing their time here,” Yousif said.
MORE: Refugee calls Iraqi deportation from Youngstown ‘matter of life, death'
They said if the detainees are returned to Iraq, they will be tortured and, possibly, beheaded.
Yousif talked with their cousin — who is among the men being held at the Youngstown prison — on Tuesday.
“He said to me, ‘Maron, don't let them kill me.'”
Yousif understands that it's very possible all of the Iraqi immigrants in the Youngstown prison will be deported. They hope they will be sent to a country other than one in the Middle East, where they said they face a most certain death.
Top seed Marin Cilic secured safe passage into the second round of the Rotterdam Open with a three-set win over Benoit Paire.
Victory was just Cilic's second of 2017 after first-round exits in Chennai and Montpellier sandwiched a defeat in round two of the Australian Open.
But the world number seven clicked into gear in the Netherlands, coming from behind to seal progression 5-7 6-3 6-2.
Cilic found themselves behind, having burned two set points in the opener, but they levelled things in the second and reeled off five games in a row - including a hold that featured six saved break points - in the decider to book a meeting with Borna Coric in the next round.
Sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga cruised past Greek wildcard Stefanos Tsitsipas 6-4 7-6 (7-2), with Gilles Muller awaiting them after a 6-3 6-2 win over world number 317 Tallon Griekspoor.
Tsonga said of their low-ranking opponent: "It was difficult, as I did not know them at all. That's unusual on the Tour, never seeing somebody at all. I didn't know where to play at the start or what to expect."
Reigning champion Martin Klizan was a three-set winner against Fernando Verdasco and they will play Philipp Kohlschreiber in round two after the German beat Lucas Pouille.
ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio — An Ohio woman might want to ask some questions if they try to borrow someone's urine again to pass a drug test.
WTOV-TV reports 24-year-old Kiana Wallace was sentenced to 18 months in prison Monday, in eastern Ohio's Belmont County, after submitting a borrowed urine sample that tested positive for drugs. Wallace pleaded guilty earlier this month to attempted tampering with evidence.
Judge Frank Fregiato called the failed urine swap “bizarre” and told Wallace they wouldn't allow them to make a mockery of the drug and alcohol testing system.
Records show Wallace was sentenced to six months in jail followed by probation in January 2017 for drug possession.
Wallace's public defender declined to comment Tuesday.
New York (AP) — Silver futures trading on the NY Merc Monday:
(5,000 troy oz.; cents per troy oz.)
BOURNEMOUTH, England — Substitutes Josh King and Lys Mousset struck second-half goals as in-form Bournemouth came from behind to beat Stoke 2-1 in the English Premier League on Saturday.
Struggling Stoke looked on course to make it seven points from nine under new manager Paul Lambert when Xherdan Shaqiri headed the visitors into a deserved early lead at Vitality Stadium.
But Bournemouth battled back to score twice in the second half to extend the club's record unbeaten run to seven games and send Stoke back into the relegation zone.
King, who had earlier been booked for a dive while under pressure from Kurt Zouma, levelled the contest following a defensive mix-up with 20 minutes to go. Zouma collided with teammate Joe Allen just inside Stoke's 18-yard box and the ball broke kindly for King to stroke home their first goal since November.
Bournemouth's first away win of the league came at Stoke in October, and the south-coast completed a double over Stoke by claiming the winner in the 79th.
Winger Ibe swung over a free kick from the right and Mousset climbed unmarked to nod home their first Premier League goal.
——
AP Premier League coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague
Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who spent five years in captivity in Afghanistan after abandoning their post, is expected to plead guilty to desertion and misbehaviour before the enemy, people with knowledge of the case told The Associated Press.
A look at key events from their capture until now.
June 2009 — Bergdahl, who is serving with an Alaska-based infantry regiment, vanishes from a base in Afghanistan's Paktika province near the border of Pakistan.
July 2009 — The Taliban post video online showing Bergdahl saying they are “scared I won't be able to go home.” Bergdahl says they were lagging behind a patrol when they were captured.
December 2009 — The Taliban release a video showing Bergdahl apparently healthy and making a lengthy statement criticizing the U.S. military operation.
June 2013 — The Taliban propose a deal in which they would free Bergdahl in exchange for five of their most senior operatives at Guantanamo Bay.
May 2014 — Obama administration officials announce Bergdahl has been handed over to U.S. special forces by the Taliban in exchange for the release of five Guantanamo detainees. Debate quickly rises over whether Bergdahl is a hero or a deserter.
June 2014 — The Army says it is investigating the facts and circumstances around Bergdahl's disappearance.
December 2014 — The Army says it has finished its investigation.
March 2015 — Bergdahl is charged with desertion and misbehaviour before the enemy.
October 2017 — People familiar with the case tell the AP that Bergdahl is expected to plead guilty to desertion and misbehaviour before the enemy.
My Bloody Valentine have announced a U.S. summer tour. This marks the first time the shoegazers have toured this side of the pond since 2013. Before Kevin Shields and crew come back to the States, they'll be playing a couple festivals, including the Meltdown Festival, as curated by the Cure's Robert Smith.
Tickets go on sale on Friday, April 27 at 10 am and can be purchased here.
Tour dates are as follows:
Sat. June 23 – London, UK @ Royal Festival Hall – Robert Smith's Meltdown
Sat. June 30 – Sat. July 7 – Roskilde, DE @ Roskilde Festival
Tue. July 17 – Seattle, WA @ Paramount
Thu. July 19 – Oakland, CA @ Fox Theater
Sun. July 22 – Los Angeles, CA @ FYF Fest
Wed. July 25 – St. Paul, MN @ Palace Theatre
Fri. July 27 – Chicago, IL @ Riviera Theatre
Mon. July 30 – Philadelphia, PA @ The Fillmore
Wed. Aug. 1 – New York, NY @Hammerstein Ballroom
Fri. Aug. 17 – Makuhari Messe, JP @ Sonicmania
In March, Shields told NPR that they were hoping MBV would put out a new “sprawling” EP by June followed a new full-length at some point before the end of the calendar. While some new My Bloody Valentine music in the near future would be a pleasant surprise, we're not holding our breath. The band's last release album was 2012's m b v.
NEW YORK — A pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in the New York City subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and another person at the height of the morning rush hour, law enforcement officials said.
The man and the other person were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Police say the explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast filled the passageway, crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters, with smoke.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and fire both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Video from above the “Crossroads of the World” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
The plight of Sunderland Ladies will be taken to Parliament as Black Cat supporting MPs battle to back its future.
Easington MP Grahame Morris is to turn to the city's MPs and other fans throughout the House of Commons as they lobby the Football Association for a rethink on its decision to reject the side from the top two tiers of the revamped Woman's Super League.
Baroness Sue Campbell, head of women's football at the FA, said it followed an application process and was also down to the fact the team was not backed by their male counterparts.
Mr Morris has drawn up an Early Day Motion (EDM) to “express shock and anger at the decision of the Football Association to deny Sunderland Ladies their rightful place in the top tier of English football.”
It notes the squad has not been supported by the men's team, but says the FA should acknowledge the its new owners and its community and fan-focused approach by Steward Donald.
Mr Donald has already confirmed they will investigate the ladies' set-up, while the club have until Monday, June 11, to appeal the decision.
I think it is really important for the community and I think as role models and inspirations. Grahame Morris
The EDM adds: “Sunderland Ladies should not be penalised for the previous mismanagement of Sunderland Football Club and asks the FA to consult with the new owners.”
The motion highlights the side's contribution to the national team, having turned out players including South Hetton's Steph Houghton, who has captained the squad and plays for Manchester City's ladies, and Lucy Bronze, BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2018 and Champions League winner.
Mr Morris said: “I think it is really important for the community and I think as role models and inspirations.
“I know they were moved from Hetton and of course there's the issue of not training at the academy, but that was down to Ellis Short and their management.
“But it also has the Foundation of Light and it is a community club. “I certainly don't support it because of its success on the pitch, but because it's something more than that and this team is an important complement to that.
“I think the punishment the ladies has been given is completely disproportionate and it is down to finances why they are being dropped down two leagues and it's shown it has turned out half a dozen or so England internationals. “It just seems a draconian punishment.”
In addition to Wearside MPs Julie Elliott, Sharon Hodgson and Bridget Phillipson, Mr Morris is also contacting Jarrow MP Stephen Hepburn and fellow Sunderland supporters Jonathan Reynolds, who represents Stalybridge, and Ian Lucas, who represents Wrexham, to gather their backing.
They and other members will be invited to sign the EDM, which is likely to be put to Parliament on Monday.
Sam Smith released a new track from their upcoming sophomore album The Thrill of It All. The new track “Pray” was produced by Timbaland and Jimmy Napes.
Writes Idolator:
“I'm young and I'm foolish, I've made bad decisions,” Sam begins the track over piano and spluttering beat. “I block out the news, turn my back on religion.” The song builds from there, becoming darker and more dramatic. “You won't find me in church (no) reading the bible (no),” they sing in a later verse. “I am still here and I'm still your disciple.” It all comes together in the choir-backed chorus. “Maybe I'll pray. I've never believed, and you know, but I'm gonna pray.” At this rate, Sam's new album is shaping up to be full of surprises.
Smith tells Billboard that the track was inspired by time spent in Iraq with the ­charity War Child:
“I spent five days in Mosul and came back ­embarrassed that I had known so little about the world and other people's lives,” says Smith. “I went back to that great Nina Simone quote, that it is important to speak about the times you live in. I hadn't done that; I'd just written a bunch of songs about love. So I wanted to write about how I'm now starting to open my eyes, at 25, to what is going on in the rest of the world, and that it's not always pretty.”
Smith also continues to complain about their dating life, though they were recently spotted kissing 13 Reasons Why actor Brandon Flynn in New York City:
“I do feel I'm a bit behind in my relationships,” they confess. “I wish I'd been in a long-term relationship by this age. But then, I didn't move to London until I was 19. I'd grown up in an area where I was the only gay guy in school, the only gay guy in my village. I'd definitely be emotionally richer now if I'd had a long-term ­relationship, but if it wasn't easy while I was growing up, it's hardly going to be any easier for me now, is it?”
Listen:
Music of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: Gh Joy
2017-01-02
Richy Rymz song cover
Ghanaian musician Richy Rymz of Brand Nation label, has dropped their much awaited single.
The new single released is said to be their life experience which they titled Trust No Man.
The song ‘Trust No Man' was produced by Abochi and mixed by MOB Possi Gee.
Richy Rymz is however encouraging Ghanaians to be got a copy of their latest single.
”Trust No Man is the kind of song i will recommend to every determined person in life” they said.
Business openings, closings and more. We recap this week's business news in Stevens Point and Wisconsin Rapids
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
1. Take a day off from the news, one day a week.
2. Don't get into an argument with a Trump supporter, especially if it's a member of your family. Remember, there are more independents and non-voters than Trump Republicans. And the 2018 midterm election will be won on the basis of turnout.
3. Pay no attention to Trump's tweets. They're becoming increasingly bizarre and irrelevant.
4. Watch an old movie of biting political satire, like Wag the Dog.
5. But don't watch Doctor Strangelove.
6. Join an Indivisible group near you and take action with them, attending a congressional town meeting and organizing others to contact your members of congress. It's having an effect. Plus, it's therapeutic.
7. Drink lots of water and get plenty of exercise. It helps with the anger.
8. Read good books of fiction, like the Harry Potter series. Don't read George Orwell's 1984 or Sinclair Lewis's It Can't Happen Here, or Philip Roth's The Plot Against America.
9. Go to a county fair with your kids, and watch the pigs.
10. Have a cookout with your neighbors and see what resources you can offer to your community. Start a tool collective or teach a class in a library or out of someone's house. Tangible change can come from your hands, not only your votes. Remember, resistance works best when people come together and work together.
Have a great summer!
This article was originally published at RobertReich.org. It has been edited for YES! Magazine.
Michael E. Brown, 33
Michael Eugene Brown, 33, of Woodbridge, VA died peacefully April 13, 2017 at their home in Fredericksburg, VA.
 They are the beloved son of father Leonard E. Brown, Jr. and mother Mary Bernice Wurst, and two sisters Anita and Brianna.
Michael is survived by their wonderful son Austin, two beautiful daughters, Lexi and Isabella, and their long-time girlfriend Rachel Taylor and their daughter Cora.
The family will receive visitors from 1-2PM on Saturday, April 22, 2017, followed by a memorial service from 2-3PM at Miller Funeral Home, 3200 Golansky Blvd., Woodbridge, VA.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to the Salvation Army at givesalvationarmyusa.org in honor of Michael.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--The global industrial automation market in food safety and inspection is expected to register a CAGR of close to 6% during the period 2018-2022, according to the latest market research report by .
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005171/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global industrial automation market in food safety and inspection from 2018-2022.
A key factor driving the market's growth is the significant cost savings in operations due to process control. Machine vision systems are employed in the initial stages of production. With the help of machine vision systems, defective components are removal instantly from the process. At times, the removed parts can be reintroduced into the production process. This saves materials. Defective parts do not continue to the subsequent manufacturing phase and thus, do not lead to further costs.
This market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook during the forecast period. Technavio predicts an emerging trend as a major factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
In this report, Technavio highlights the MDX technology for food inspection systems as one of the key emerging trends in the global industrial automation market in food safety and inspection:
Global industrial automation market in food safety and inspection: MDX technology for food inspection systems
The Material Discrimination X-ray technology is an upgraded X-ray technology. Like traditional X-ray systems, MDX involves the use of a generator to project an X-ray beam onto a detector and pass a product through the beam. The difference between X-ray inspection and MDX is the use of two energy spectrums to discriminate between high-and low-channel X-rays, as well as a dual-layer detector by MDX.
“MDX technology, in general, eliminates most of the effect of product thickness variations and leaves an image that shows density difference based on chemical composition,” says a senior market research analyst at Technavio.
Global industrial automation market in food safety and inspection: Segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the global industrial automation market in food safety and inspection into the following products (machine vision systems, X-ray inspection systems, and metal detection systems) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
The machine vision systems segment held the largest market share in 2017, accounting for nearly 32% of the market. This product segment is expected to dominate the global market throughout the forecast period.
The Americas held the highest share of the global industrial automation market in food safety and inspection in 2017, accounting for a market share of approximately 37%. The market share occupied by this region is anticipated to increase during 2018-2022.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Some of the key topics covered in the report include:
Market Landscape
Market ecosystem Market characteristics Market segmentation analysis
Market Sizing
Market sizing Market size and forecast
Five Forces Analysis
Market Segmentation
Geographical Segmentation
Regional comparison Key leading countries
Market Drivers
Market Challenges
Market Trends
Vendor Landscape
Vendors covered Vendor classification Market positioning of vendors Competitive scenario
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005171/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM EUROPE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: RETAIL COMMUNICATIONS MARKETING FOOD/BEVERAGE
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 09:33 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 09:33 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005171/en
Detroit: Become Human is out at the end of next month, but you can get a taste of it today. The PlayStation 4 exclusive has a demo out today on the PlayStation Network Store (where else would it be?). It might look a little familiar if you've been paying attention to the game, too, centering on the hostage negotiation scene from the game's E3 debut two years ago. Last year, press at the show got to go hands on with this section, searching a glitzy Motor City high-rise apartment for clues and evidence before dealing with a rogue robot nanny holding a gun to their charge's head.
LIVERPOOL, England — A linesman found themselves in a tough spot when they needed to award an offside in the Champions League game between Liverpool and Roma on Tuesday.
They didn't have a flag to wave.
The German official's flag had fallen apart moments earlier and its replacement was unusable, too. So when Liverpool striker Roberto Firmino was played through on goal in the fifth minute, the linesman had to run down the touchline with a flag in one hand and a bare pole in the other.
They eventually brandished their flagpole, though it wasn't easy to see.
Wawuu!! Nigeria has Kung-Fu federation, checkout their president
Adewumi Adekunle and Tosin Aluko have been elected as president and vice-president respectively at the board elections of the Nigeria Kung-fu Federation (NKF), PM NEWS reports. The elections were held at the Abuja National Stadium on Tuesday. Adekunle was elected with 27 votes against 8 votes for their opponent, Olukehinde Oladeinde, while Tosin Aluko […]
The post Wawuu!! Nigeria has Kung-Fu federation, checkout their president appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BERLIN — The head of Germany's domestic intelligence agency warned Sunday that China is using social networks to try to cultivate sources of information among lawmakers and officials, while Chinese hackers are increasingly attacking European companies through trusted suppliers.
Hans-Georg Maassen said their agency, known by its German acronym BfV, believes more than 10,000 Germans have been targeted by Chinese intelligence agents posing as consultants, headhunters or researchers, primarily on the social networking site LinkedIn.
“This is a broad-based attempt to infiltrate in particular parliaments, ministries and government agencies,” Maassen said.
The BfV established a task force early this year which examined the use of fake profiles on social networks over a nine-month period. The agency provided journalists with what it said where eight of the most prolific fake profiles on LinkedIn used by Chinese spies.
Using names such as Lily Wu, Laeticia Chen or Alex Li, the profiles sport an impressive resume, hundreds of contacts and attractive pictures of young professionals.
The agency also named six organizations it said are used by Chinese spies to cloak their approaches, including one called the Association France Euro-Chine and another named Global View Strategic Consulting.
Messages seeking comment from the organizations weren't immediately returned.
Maassen warned that Chinese cybergroups are also using so-called “supply-chain attacks” to get around companies' online defences. Such attacks target IT workers and others who work for a trusted service provider in order to send malicious software into the networks of organizations the attackers are interested in.
“The infections are difficult to detect, since network connections between service providers and their customers aren't suspicious,” the BfV said. “This gives the attacker an even better disguise than before.”
——
Frank Jordans contributed to this report.
CANMORE, Alta. — Canada's Emily Young captured their second straight bronze medal on Sunday in the women's standing division at the season-opening Para-Nordic World Cup.
The Vancouver native finished the race in 21 minutes 1.7 seconds. Neutral Para Athletes, Ekaterina Rumyantseva (19:44.1) and Anna Milenina (20:07.5), finished first and second, respectively.
“This is my first year starting at the back, hunting people down,” said Young, who started second last based on their No. 2 ranking in the field. “It was really cool being out there, reeling people in. It was just like fishing out there.”
Young, 24, got past 11 athletes to move into third place.
Natalie Wilkie of Salmon Arm, B.C., was fourth in 21:32.6 and Brittany Hudak of Prince Albert, Sask., finished fifth in 22:18.5.
In the men's standing division, France's Benjamin Daviet won in 22:14.1 while Neutral Para Athletes, Rushan Minnegulov (22:40.9) and Aleksandr Pronkov (22:44.5) were second and third, respectively.
Mark Arendz, of Hartsville, P.E.I. came fourth in 23:24.5.
LOS ANGELES — Justin Johnson scored 23 points and Western Kentucky won consecutive NIT games for the first time since 1948 with a 79-75 victory over USC on Monday night.
Johnson spun in the paint and hit their patented hook shot with 1:03 remaining to give WKU a 76-73 lead and after Nick Rakocevic answered with a layup, Johnson went 1 of 2 at the free-throw line at 33.1.
USC first-year student Jordan Usher air-balled a 3-pointer with 24.2 left and the Trojans didn't foul, allowing Dwight Coleby to seal it with a dunk at 11.3.
Coleby finished with 13 points, Lamonte Bearden had 11 and Josh Anderson 10 for WKU (26-10), which plays Oklahoma State in the quarterfinals on Wednesday night.
WKU extended its made 3-pointer streak to 974 consecutive games, dating to March 15, 1987, for fifth-longest in the nation behind UNLV, Vanderbilt, Duke and Arkansas.
Elijah Stewart led USC (24-12) with four 3-pointers and 20 points.
——–
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org; https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
The Pledge of Allegiance is brought to you by 33 WYTV and Hometown Pharmacy.
Watch local schools and groups recite the Pledge of Allegiance during 33 WYTV Daybreak between 5 a.m. and 7 a.m. with Len Rome and Jim Loboy.
Thank you to Mrs. McWilliams, 4th Grade teacher at Joseph Badger Elementary, for inviting us to your classroom!
CHICAGO — The Latest on a controversial campaign ad aired by a Republican candidate for Illinois governor (all times local):
11:10 a.m.
The chairperson of the Illinois Republican Party says a GOP governor candidate should stop airing a campaign ad that critics have called racist and homophobic.
Tim Schneider said in a release Saturday that conservative state Rep. Jeanne Ives should “immediately apologize to the Illinoisans who were negatively portrayed in a cowardly attempt to stoke political division.” They say there's no room in the Illinois GOP “for rhetoric that attacks our fellow Illinoisans based on their race, gender or humanity.”
The ad features actors portraying a transgender woman and an African-American union member, among others, all thanking Rauner for their policies. The transgender woman is deep-voiced and wears a dress that shows chest hair.
Ives says the ad illustrates Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner's “betrayals of conservatives.”
The Illinois GOP is almost entirely funded by Rauner.
——
9:55 a.m.
A Republican lawmaker trying to unseat Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner is standing by a campaign ad that's being blasted as racist, homophobic and “repulsive.”
State Rep. Jeanne Ives, a social and fiscal conservative, says the ad that began airing this weekend illustrates the GOP governor's “chosen constituents based on the policy choices they made.”
The ad features actors portraying people including a transgender woman and a Chicago Teachers Union member, all thanking Rauner.
The deep-voiced transgender woman, wearing a dress that reveals a hairy chest, says “Thank you for signing legislation that lets me use the girl's bathroom.”
Rauner hasn't signed a so-called transgender bathroom bill.
Advocacy groups and people from both political parties quickly condemned the ad.
Ives says GOP primary voters need to know about Rauner's “betrayals of conservatives.”
The Rescue So Far
Previously, we've seen how a missing 25¢ oil-galley plug cost 1988 Bronco owner Tevete (“T”) Usumalii their cylinder block, although L&R Engine was able to salvage the 349ci small-block Ford rotating assembly. Swapped into a good used, precision-machined cylinder block using Mahle-Clevite bearings, the assembled short-block was returned to Advanced Engineering West (AEW) for camshaft and top-end assembly before reinstallation in T's 1998 Ford Bronco. It should have been a relatively routine process—but “Murphy” always gets a vote! In this case, many votes: AEW owner Mark Sanchez would find multiple valvetrain, fuel, oil, cooling, and electrical problems.
More Motor Fixes
The Bronco's existing Air Flow Research (AFR) Renegade cylinder heads (PN 1456) are its largest small-block Ford castings. AFR's 220cc intake runners were probably way overkill for a mild 349ci street engine in a 6,000-pound Bronco, but the heads were nearly brand new and the existing valvesprings had 140 pounds on the seat, plenty for a hydraulic-roller cam. However, bolting on the heads revealed yet another major issue: The original installer used the wrong ARP head-bolt set, one designed for use on 289/302 production-style heads machined for “normal” ⁷⁄₁₆-inch fasteners that screw into the block's threaded ⁷⁄₁₆-inch holes. But the big Renegades have ½-inch holes for compatibility with the ½-inch-threaded cylinder-block head boltholes found on many OE 351W blocks and aftermarket race blocks. ARP's special stepped small-block Ford head bolt was the easy problem-solver here. New bolts in hand, the heads were mated to the block using Mahle Original head gaskets.
The Bronco's computer-optimized hydraulic roller grind survived the previous engine's debacle, but assembling the upper valvetrain revealed overlooked lateral misalignment between the roller rocker tips and the valve-stem centerlines, fixed by adjusting the AFR heads' interlocking pushrod guideplates.
The valvetrain geometry was off as well. Every engine is different. Many factors affect geometry, including head brand and design, head gasket compressed thickness, head or block milling, valve-stem lengths, valve-seat location and height, lifter cup heights, and cam-base circle diameter. Going to slightly shorter pushrods was the answer here.
The Bronco's aluminum timing cover was corroded, so Sanchez replaced it with a good used one attached with ARP bolts. Now it was down to the oil pan; in theory, all Sanchez had to do was clean and inspect the old oil pump and oil pan, then bolt everything together using a Mahle one-piece oil-pan gasket that, Sanchez says, “fits any Ford small-block motor, not just selected late-models.” But nothing was simple on this rig. The previous engine had no dipstick or in-block dipstick tube, so Sanchez modded a Fox-body Mustang tube and dipstick to work.
Sanchez threw in 6 quarts of Lucas 10W-30 motor oil, then pre-primed the motor using an electric drill and a gutted distributor. “Pre-prime before installing the intake manifold,” Sanchez firmly recommends. “That way, you can be sure that oil gets to where it needs to be and not where it shouldn't be.”
With the drill still running, the hydraulic-roller lifters' valve lash on the adjustable valvetrain was set to zero lash plus ¾ turn. But after the drill was turned off, several lifters quickly bled down, indicating possible internal lifter damage caused by the original missing oil-galley plug. Playing it safe, Sanchez replaced all 16 lifters with new Ford Performance lifters.
With the engine making good oil pressure and the new lifters installed and lashed, Sanchez installed the lower half of Edelbrock's two-piece EFI intake. A special intake gasket set is needed to match the big 220cc AFR head's intake ports (best fit: AFR PN 6812 or equivalent). Next in was the distributor (now equipped with a hydraulic-roller-cam-compatible Melonized gear), new ACCEL fuel injectors, and the upper intake half.
The Fuel System Fix
“It's lucky the original engine only lasted 15 minutes. If it had run any longer, the fuel hoses would have burned down the whole truck!” —Mark Sanchez / AEW
After dropping the motor back in, Sanchez found serious fuel-supply system issues. The Bronco was using fabric-covered, rubber-cored, AN-style fuel hoses and fittings. With today's street fuels, the core can rot from within, eventually clogging the fuel injectors. Of more immediate concern, the too-short, poorly routed hoses hit the exhaust pipes. Checking this out, Sanchez saw the ⅜-inch feed hose and the ⁵⁄₁₆-inch return hose had been reversed at the tank in a crude attempt to make a higher-capacity, longer, 5.0L-H.O. Mustang fuel pump fit in the Bronco's tank. But on a Bronco, the in-tank unit serves as a low-pressure lift pump that feeds an inline high-pressure pump the builders totally forgot about! Sanchez installed a new, correct Bronco lift pump inside the tank plus a new high-pressure inline pump, redoing the fuel lines using stock-type plastic tubing and crimp-on fittings. At the engine end, the AN-style fuel logs were replaced with factory fuel rails.
The Results
Engine top-end issues were successfully resolved and the fuel system was fixed. But there were still electrical, instrument panel, and cooling problems. We'll tackle them next month and finally (we promise!) get the Bronco up and running on the chassis dyno.
Lessons So Far
Sanchez doesn't mince words: “Nothing on the Bronco was done right. Whoever worked on the car previously and built the motor has a reverse Midas touch: Everything they touch turns to crap.” Use reputable techs with a proven track record!
Want to get in on the Gympie property market?
Want to get in on the Gympie property market? Kevin Farmer
Are you in the market for a property in Gympie?
Check out our map on all the open homes around the area.
https://www.google.com/maps/d/embed?mid=1E4n0PFTq3hSUZf2JawhIjIOKttP0vZF0
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LAS VEGAS (AP) -- When the Oakland Raiders received a $750 million commitment from the Nevada Legislature in October to help build their future home in Las Vegas, they also were directed to ensure the greatest possible participation by the local community in the design, construction and operation of the stadium.
Months later, after the team already has picked a general contractor and a design firm - neither based in Nevada - how that mandate will be carried out is still being negotiated.
Construction workers cheered when the public board that oversees the proposed stadium approved an agreement kicking off the $1.9 billion project. But since the cheering, minority-owned businesses and others have continued reminding the board and Raiders executives to remember them.
''We want to ensure that the communities who fought for the stadium benefit from the stadium with small businesses, employment and community quality of life,'' Shaundell Newsome, vice chairperson of the Urban Chamber of Commerce board of directors, told members of the Las Vegas Stadium Authority Board at a recent meeting.
The law that authorized a tax increase to partially fund the stadium called for the development of a ''community benefits plan'' and an accompanying oversight committee to ensure that as many local residents as possible would have access to the economic opportunities the stadium is expected to create. Other recent NFL stadium deals have included similar requirements.
In Nevada, Democratic state Sen. Aaron Ford was the main advocate for requiring the benefits plan and oversight committee. They told The Associated Press they want the document to address several such issues as workforce development and training, entrepreneurship and community investment.
''It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that can move southern Nevada's economy forward,'' Ford said. ''But we wanted to ensure that all local residents of every diverse background that we have are prepared to compete and participate in those opportunities.''
Ford said members of organizations that represent African-Americans, Hispanics, Asians, women, veterans, former prisoners, disabled individuals and the LGBT community should be represented on the oversight committee.
The Raiders want to kick off the 2020 season at the 65,000-seat domed stadium they plan to build near the Las Vegas Strip. The team faces a series of tight deadlines after several weeks of work were lost when an instrumental financial backer backed out, forcing team executives to scramble to get a $650 million loan from Bank of America.
The team has selected Missouri-based Manica Architecture to design the stadium. Minneapolis-based Mortenson Construction - which beat the timeline to build the Minnesota Viking's stadium - has been hired as the general contractor in a partnership with McCarthy Building Companies Inc. of suburban Las Vegas.
Stadium Authority board consultant Jeremy Aguero said the Raiders are working on the community benefits agreement ''to make sure that they get it right.'' Board chairperson Steve Hill said a draft of the agreement will be reviewed next month, but stressed that the document ''doesn't have to be in place'' for outreach efforts to begin.
Similar documents used in other stadium deals have included hiring guidelines. In Minnesota, the state set a goal in 2012 for 32 percent of construction workers at U.S. Bank Stadium to be minorities and 6 percent women. The Vikings' project surpassed the goal with 37 percent minority hiring and 9 percent women.
In Inglewood, California, the City Council in 2015 approved an agreement for the construction of the Rams and Chargers stadium requiring that no less than 18 percent of the funds awarded for construction-related contracts and subcontracts go to minority and disadvantaged businesses.
When Ford touted the inclusion of the agreement in the law last year, they said they expected the team to use ''reasonable best efforts'' to hire local residents for at least 50 percent of the jobs.
Melvin Green, principal architect with a Las Vegas firm, has testified before the stadium board about their concerns that minority professionals are being excluded.
''We need to make sure that the minorities are included as part of the design,'' Green said. ''I know it's a fast-paced project. However, we still need to make sure that the professionals, the engineers (and) the architects get to be a part of the project as well.''
---
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO / More of their work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/ReginaGarciaCano
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court is hearing arguments in a free speech fight over California's attempt to regulate anti-abortion crisis pregnancy centres.
The case being argued Tuesday involves information required by a state law that the centres must provide clients about the availability of contraception, abortion and pre-natal care, at little or no cost. Centers that are unlicensed also must post a sign that says so.
The centres say that they are being forced to deliver a message with which they disagree because their aim is to steer women away from abortion.
California and abortions rights group that backed the law say its goal is to provide accurate information about the range of options facing a pregnant woman.
The outcome also could affect laws in other states that seek to regulate doctors' speech.
In Louisiana, Texas and Wisconsin, doctors must display a sonogram and describe the fetus to most pregnant women considering an abortion, according to the Guttmacher Institute, which supports abortion rights. Similar laws have been blocked in Kentucky, North Carolina and Oklahoma.
Doctors' speech has also been an issue in non-abortion cases. A federal appeals court struck down parts of a 2011 Florida law that sought to prohibit doctors from talking about gun safety with their patients. Under the law, doctors faced fines and the possible loss of their medical licenses for discussing guns with patients.
In another lawsuit over regulating crisis pregnancy centres, a federal appeals court in New York struck down parts of a New York City ordinance, although it upheld the requirement for unlicensed centres to say that they lack a license.
The abortion-rights group NARAL Pro-Choice California was a prime sponsor of the California law. NARAL contends that the centres mislead women about their options and try to pressure them to forgo abortion. Estimates of the number of crisis pregnancy centres in the U.S. run from 2,500 to more than 4,000, compared with fewer than 1,500 abortion providers, women's rights groups said in a Supreme Court filing.
California's law was challenged by the National Institute of Family and Life Advocates, an organization with ties to 1,500 pregnancy centres nationwide and 140 in California.
