SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO – The City Council will try to take advantage of historically low interest rates to refinance a $30 million bond election that led taxpayers to buy 132 acres of open space.
After the measure passed in 2008, the city issued tax-exempt bonds in 2009 to buy the Rancho Mission Viejo Riding Park and other open lands belonging to the ranch on San Juan's eastern border. The lands could then be used for equestrian facilities, recreation, parks and open space. One of the parcels became Reata Park.
Key goals of the purchase were to prevent Rancho Mission Viejo housing development at the eastern gateway to San Juan while preserving the riding park and outlying lands under city control.
The city is hoping to lock in a low interest rate this week while switching to taxable bonds to repay the debt, which runs until 2040. The city chose tax-exempt bonds in 2009 to obtain the lowest interest rates available at the time. But since then, interest rates have fallen to historic lows, a city staff report said.
“The city has the opportunity at this time to pay off the existing tax-exempt bonds with the proceeds of new taxable refunding bonds without increasing the assessments imposed on property owners to service the debt,” the report said.
Use of taxable bonds, officials said, will free the city of strings attached to the tax-exempt bonds. The IRS, they said, restricts revenues the city can generate from the riding park and complicates agreements the city can negotiate with riding park operators. That has been an issue over the last year as the city has tried to negotiate a long-term agreement with Blenheim Facilities Management.
Ken Al-Imam, the city's chief financial officer, said the riding park is a world-class equestrian facility and an economic generator for the community. The contractual revenue the riding park generates pays for operation and maintenance of the entire eastern open-space area.
But the IRS caps the city's income from the riding park at $1.5 million using tax-exempt bonds, and the city will likely reach that limit in the next three years, Al-Imam said.
The city will try to switch to taxable bonds and lock in a low interest rate now, as interest rates are starting to climb. The city was assigned a AAA bond rating, making the transaction eligible for the lowest rate available, officials said.
“Even an increase in interest rates as small as one-quarter of 1 percent from where rates are today will require approximately $150,000 to $200,000 to keep this transaction tax-levy-neutral,” Al-Imam said.
The city can dip into $380,000 in uncommitted revenues from the riding park if needed, they said.
“We'll only use the minimum amount of money that's necessary to complete this transaction,” Al-Imam said. “It's possible that no funds will be required.”
The city expects to find out what interest rate is available this week and could lock it in, if it is found to be favorable, finalizing the transaction March 9.
The council voted 4-1 to refinance the bonds with a maximum city contribution of $380,000 in riding park revenues. Councilwoman Pam Patterson voted no, saying they had insufficient information to vote yes.
Contact the writer: fswegles@scng.com or 949-492-5127
Lonzo Ball stood out during the Los Angeles Lakers' 110-100 loss to the Indiana Pacers by not standing out enough. The rookie out of UCLA attempted four shots (all three-pointers) in 37 minutes and notched just two of their eight assists after the first quarter at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday.
Zo declined a handful of opportunities to score inside, choosing instead to kick the ball out to their teammates. After the game, the 20-year-old agreed with the need to attack, but pointed out a delicate balance that they need to strike on a squad replete with bucket getters.
“I think I got to be more aggressive, especially tonight,” Ball said. “But at the same time, we have a lot of guys that can shoot the ball. Someone has to pass, so that's kind of my job to get everybody the ball. But definitely got to look to score a little more.”
.@ZO2_ talks about the #Lakers not getting the necessary stops in the 2nd half vs. the Pacers with @LakersReporter. pic.twitter.com/7KJtau2qeb — Spectrum SportsNet (@SpectrumSN) March 20, 2018
Zo is right to point out all the hungry mouths he, as the team's point guard, has to feed with passes. Julius Randle, Brook Lopez and fellow rookie Kyle Kuzma each scored 20 points or more in Indy, and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Isaiah Thomas are plenty capable of doing the same.
And that's before factoring in Brandon Ingram, who's missed L.A.'s last nine games with a groin injury.
In the long run, though, Lonzo looking for their shot more often would be a huge help for themselves and their teammates. The more of a threat they can become, the more opposing defenses will have to commit to corralling him. . .and the more open the passing lanes to other Lakers will be as defenders bear down on him.
All told, the Purple and Gold are now 4-11 when Zo takes fewer than 10 shots in a game, as opposed to 18-15 when they attempt 10 or more.
For now, the pressure for Ball to get buckets should subside somewhat once Ingram returns from their groin injury. That may well come on Thursday against the New Orleans Pelicans, assuming the second-year swingman is able to last through a full-contact practice before then.
The London Nationals and Chatham Maroons encountered some challenges working out a schedule for their second-round playoff series.
When it was finally settled, there was quirk, of course — the looming potential of three games in three days, which hardly ever happens in the Junior B ranks.
“We're fine,” London GM/coach Pat Powers said. “We have good depth at all positions. You play 50 games a year, practise 100 times or more and the guys are in shape. Once you're in playoffs, winning is all that's important. It doesn't matter when you get them, as long as you get them.”
The Nats, who lead the series 2-1, could avoid running this three-day gauntlet if they win Tuesday and Wednesday, rendering Thursday's potential Game 6 unnecessary
“I think the game on Tuesday (back in Chatham) is extremely important, to give ourselves an opportunity to end it Wednesday (at Western Fair),” Powers said. “I don't really care when we end it — as long as we end it.”
In the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League postseason, there is incentive for good teams to sweep series or, if possible, end them in five games.
The Sutherland Cup wild card spot is awarded to the conference finalist with the fewest playoff losses. It's not the preferred route, but still a nice insurance policy in case you get beat in the third round. The Elmira Sugar Kings won it all last year that way.
And beyond that, the chance to advance quickly and avoid an extra trip to Chatham, where Game 3 attracted an announced 1,200 fans, is appealing to the Nats.
“They get a good group and very strong, vocal supporters of their Maroons,” Powers said. “They get involved in the game and it can be an intimidating environment. Our guys have done a good job of going in there and not falling apart when Chatham poured it on. We went about our jobs in the second and third and held on at the end.
“I thought there were some valuable lessons learned (in Sunday's 3-2 win).”
The Maroons outshot London 20-4 in the first period Sunday, but led only 1-0. The performance of goaltender David Ovsjannikov gave the Nats time to collect themselves and come back for the pivotal victory.
“Dave's playing very well,” Powers said. “There might be one or two he'd want back in Game 1 (a double-overtime loss), but other than that, they were awesome. I think the work (goalie coach) Bill Dark has done with them has been great.
“Chatham carried the play for good chunks of the period and they probably thought they deserved the game. But I thought we deserved to win Game 1 and we didn't get it. That happens. Things kind of even out in the best four-out-of-seven.”
The Nats smashed the Maroons 8-0 in Game 2 when Chatham couldn't stay out of the penalty box. London continues to receive offence from a large number of contributors, though captain Brenden Trottier is leading the way with 17 points in seven playoff games.
“We saw what Chatham is capable of in Games 1 and 3,” Powers said. “They have a very good offensive group and they're getting a lot of mileage from them. Dakota Bohn has been fantastic (on defence) for them and (Ryan) Wagner, outside of Game 2, has been very reliable for them.”
The Nats hope to see them only twice more this week, if possible.
rpyette@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RyanatLFPress
GOJHL PLAYOFFS
(London leads best-of-seven Western semifinal 2-1)
Tuesday: 7 p.m. at Chatham.
Wednesday: 7:30 p.m. at Western Fair.
Thursday (if necessary): 7 p.m. at Chatham
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union's parliament is set to approve a landmark trade deal with Canada, with the bloc's executive extolling the pact as a sign of international cooperation at a time when many political forces, including U.S. President Donald Trump's administration, are trying to halt globalization. Hundreds of protesters were outside the EU parliament building in Strasbourg, France, arguing Tuesday that instead of growth and jobs, such a deal will erode the bloc's environmental, labor and consumer standards. EU trade chief Cecilia Malmstrom tried to assuage concerns that the deal uniting the markets of 500 million Europeans with 35 million Canadians would cut into the independence of EU decision-making. They said it “will not change food safety standards or any other EU requirements, only the EU institutions can do that.” The vote for a major trade agreement comes at a time when populist parties in Europe and Trump in the U.S. have been looking increasingly inwards, thwarting a trade deal with Pacific countries and floating the idea of tariffs on imports. “With President Trump in the White House we see a clear change in U.S. policy,” said liberal ALDE legislator Marietje Schaake. “Leadership for open economies and societies must come from us in Europe.” “We cannot imagine a better partner than Canada, the most European country outside the union,” they said. Three of the four major groups in parliament are backing the deal – the EPP Christian Democrats, the ECR Conservatives and the ALDE liberals. Confident the deal would pass, Canadian International Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne was already in Strasbourg and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is set to address the legislature on Thursday. Trade between the EU and Canada amounts to more than 60 billion euros ($63 billion) a year, and the EU expects the so-called CETA deal to boost this by 20 percent by removing almost all tariffs. Outside the legislature, the concerns were palpable among demonstrators. “What will happen is more and more deregulation, less social protection for citizens, for small companies, for independent workers,” said Maika Fernandes, who had traveled from Alicante, southern Spain. “No one will be able to compete with the multinationals. It will be a financial Europe that will favor only big multinationals.” — AP video journalist Oleg Cetinic contributed from Strasbourg, France.
Comments
comments
The Prince of Wales has learned about innovations in recyclable alternatives to plastic packaging during a visit a Boston food factory this morning (Monday).
As part of a tour of five locations around the eastern side of Lincolnshire, the Prince paid a visit to the Freshtime UK factory on Marsh Lane in Boston to celebrate the expansion of the business which employs 550 people locally.
The Prince of Wales on their tour of Freshtime UK in Boston.
The company produces convenient fresh produce and salads for high street retailers, with much of its ingredients sourced locally.
Having been greeted by chairperson of the business, John Richmond and Mayor of Boston, Coun Bernard Rush, Their Royal Highness was keen to be shown around the departments responsible for the firm's green credentials having invested £1.5m in renovating the site, operating a zero waste to landfill policy and staff talked them through their efforts towards creating fully recyclable packaging as well as using recycled materials.
It has saved 200 tons of plastic going to landfill over the past two years by changing the packaging it uses and making the plastic thinner, working with its main customers.
The Prince said: "The problem is how you get the balance between convenience and finding a way of reducing plastic. The difficulty is finding an adequate alternative. Have you tried making them from waste products like tomato stalks, I have heard."
Prince Charles meets Mayor of Boston Bernard Rush and Freshtime chairperson John Richmond.
Head of Procurement John Stokes showed packaging soon to go into a major chain of coffee shops and said: "There are three things to deal with - shelf life, people need to be able to see it and it has to transit fairly well."
The Prince also met excited office staff before visiting the new product development kitchens where a range of pasta, grains, fruit and vegetable ingredients were on display. They were particularly fascinated by the rustic coloured carrots and romanesco broccoli and learning which vegetables were grown in the UK. Naturally they were keen to know what products were organic.
Moving on to the factory canteen, Prince Charles met apprentices training in all sections of the business as well as a selection of long-serving staff who have been with the firm for over 20 years. To conclude they unveiled a plaque which will mark their visit to the redeveloped site.
On their departure they were presented with a picture of the town by a local 75-year-old artist and a book documenting the history of the local agricultural industry before shaking hands and bidding farewell to factory workers and whizzing off by car to their next engagement at Age UK in Boston.
Prince Charles tours the offices at Freshtime UK.
Freshtime chairperson John Richmond said it had been a 'wonderful honour' to meet the Prince: "For the people that work within the business and the community at large.
"The Prince themselves is very interested in agriculture and how produce gets to the consumer and they were particularly interested today how packaging was being used and what is being done to reduce the amount of plastic in packaging.
"Everybody concerned is absolutely delighted that the Prince was able to spend time with us today, particularly having invested in the renovation of the factory."
Technical Manager Michaela Thorpe met the Prince as part of the team that makes sure all food that leaves site if safe and of good quality and even managed to grab a Royal 'selfie' with them before their departure. They said: "We talked about the constraints on recycling and what effects that has on the food industry.
The Prince learns more about recyclable packaging research Freshtime.
"It has been a real honour to meet the Prince of Wales. You see them on TV a lot and you don't think you are actually going to meet him. They were such a down to earth person and engaged with a lot of staff here as well, which is really nice. If they are speaking to you, you feel you are the most important person in the room."
Will Chalmers was one of the operations and manufacturing apprentices the Prince met. They said it is a university foundation degree which they hope will see them rise through the ranks of management. They said: "I think they were quite surprised at the amount of people Freshtime has on apprenticeships as it is a business looking to invest and develop its people for the future.
"He was very pleasant and very interested in what we do locally and what we do in the business. When I knew I was meeting them I was very nervous. It is such a milestone for a company like Freshtime and I think everybody has come together and embraced it."
Meeting staff in the product development kitchens.
Inspecting a rustic carrot.
The Prince meets some of Freshtime's apprentices.
The Prince puts the Freshtime apprentices at ease.
Meeting more Freshtime staff in the canteen.
Transcript for Melania Trump's hat steals the show during first official state visit
--
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Margaret Hodge is calling for people to join them in boycotting Amazon over their tax arrangements:
“I hope people take a leaf out of my book and stop using Amazon. I don't use them at all… If we stop using Amazon then they may understand how angry their customers are.”
You can read more about Hodge's strong and principled views on Amazon in their book Called to Account, for sale on Amazon:
“I don't use them at all…”
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — With the flu virus going around, some parents may be concerned about their children and close contact sports.
Is it a good idea to let your child go to their sports practice or game when flu season kicks into high gear?
Gavin O'Day, 17, stayed home from Manasquan High School on Friday.
“My heads killing me, and just really tired,” they said.
Their mom said they won't be playing sports over the weekend, to protect them and others, but on Thursday night, their daughter was on the basketball court.
“Oh, we are in a gymnasium. You can hear everyone hacking, especially on the court. You could see them rubbing noses, touching the ball, sitting on the bench, touching faces,” their mother Meaghan said.
Dr. Sal Pepe of Coastal Urgent Care in Wall warned that close contact during sports like basketball or ice hockey doesn't help anyone.
“Look at your son or daughter, and might look as per usual, still might be contagious,” they said.
Don't be fooled, just because your child is excited to get out of the house and play.
“Ya know when kids want to play they will kind of downplay their symptoms because what you don't want to do is get the whole team sick,” Dr. John Donadeo said.
Another major concern is dehydration.
If your son or daughter had a fever, they may have sweat it out. Overextending themselves at a game is not safe.
“Tamiflu kind of gives you a little perk. Tamiflu reduces the time of being sick 2 to 3 days, makes symptoms less severe,” Dr. Donadeo said.
Doctors said the best method to stay healthy is to keep washing your hands, eating healthy, and taking vitamins.
Doctors said even when kids feel healthy again they can still be contagious for anywhere from five days to two weeks after recovery.
By John Taffin
When a fast-moving bullet hits a steel target, things happen. There is a clang followed by the target reacting. If all goes well the target goes down or is angled such the bullet ricochets off harmlessly. This has not always been the case and in some instances results range from dangerous to disastrous. Years ago a hardball .45 bullet hit not a target but a metal post, ricocheted backwards and killed a young boy. I have seen bullets hit a metal post and come back and draw blood on the shooter.
In the early days of Cowboy Action Shooting many participants were pelted with pieces of lead and I've also seen cars in the parking lot hit with flying projectiles. For the most part, this problem has been solved in various forms of competition by using falling targets or those properly angled so the bullet goes down to the ground. An excellent solution is if a bullet totally disintegrates.
PolyCase is now offering Inceptor Sport Utility Ammo, which is, as they say, “Flatter, Faster, Frangible.” This ammunition shoots flatter and faster as the bullets are lighter weight than regular loads and when they hit metal they totally disintegrate. PolyCase uses leadfree bullets produced by injection molding copper and polymer. Even though they are lightweight they are designed to achieve the same recoil and shoot to the same point of aim as their self-defense counterparts.
Bullets fired in 9mm and .45 ACP totally disintegrated and penetrated this heavy
duty cardboard placed beneath the steel target.
The RNP Inceptor .45 ACP shot best of all and targets fired at 20 yards
were over the pistol's front sights.
These bullets are known as RNP Inceptors with the RNP standing for Round Nose Precision. They are offered in both handgun, RNP, and SRR, Short Range Rifle versions. I have been shooting the RNP Inceptors in .38 Special, .380, 9mm, .40 S&W and .45 ACP.
Shooting the various calibers at a steel metal plate resulted in total disintegration. Each bullet left a copper wash on the metal plate while a piece of heavy-duty cardboard at the base of the plate got peppered with various sized pieces of the bullet, some of which totally penetrated. I could find no evidence of pieces of bullets of any size anywhere. They work just as they are advertised to do. The chart shows they are also more than adequately accurate when fired at 20 yards. A pleasantly notable one is the .45 ACP fired in a Remington R-1. The combination put 5 shots going in 1-1/4 inches at 20 yards while clocking 1,285 fps.
Read More Quartermaster Reviews
Purchase A Password To Read The December 2017 Digital Edition
(Included FREE Download Of PDF Version To Your Desktop Or Mobile Device)
Purchase A PDF Download Of The December 2017 Issue Now!
"I'm not saying that they're wrong to do this but I don't understand their broader strategy and how this ultimately is going to deliver value back to the taxpayers above and beyond what we're already getting because we still own a chunk of it."
Hydro One was partially privatized in November 2015, and by December 2017, the province had sold off 53 per cent of its stake.
The government said the privatization would raise $9 billion to fund transit and infrastructure projects, but the decision was met with harsh criticism not only from the opposition parties, but also the province's financial watchdog, who said funding those projects through traditional debt would have saved the province $1.8 billion.
Faced with growing public anger, the Liberals offered province-wide rebates of 25 per cent on all electricity bills by extending the time to amortize the increases, which in the long run will end up costing more.
The Liberals, who polls suggest are stuck in third place — way behind the NDP and the Tories — have said Horwath's hydro plan would use over $6.5 billion in money earmarked for health care, education, and transit investments, being used to buy back shares of Hydro One.
University of Waterloo professor Jatin Nathwani described the NDP proposal as putting Humpty Dumpty back together again.
"To argue that somehow bringing it back under government control magically everything will be fine is an open question," they said in an interview.
The Liberals made a number of poor decisions over the past decade but the $50 billion in investments made under its watch have refurbished a system in need of repair, Nathwani added.
Partially privatizing Hydro One has generated lots of private capital required to upgrade the electrical system that the provincial economy relies upon, added Adam Fremeth, associate professor of business, economics and public policy at Western University.
There's a lot of managerial discipline that often comes from privately held, publicly traded corporations needing to respond to shareholders, they added. Customer service and reliability has improved with improper billing decreased since the utility was partially privatized, said Fremeth.
A smarter move by the NDP would be just buying another four per cent of shares to gain majority control, which would require the renegotiation of the shareholder agreement, said Nathwani.
"That's probably a cheaper way and the optics may be right to say we are in control and allow the company to be run on semi-private principles to attract capital."
— Follow @RossMarowits on Twitter.
Companies in this story: (TSX:H)
By Ross Marowits, The Canadian Press
India's top court has ruled that election candidates cannot use religion or caste to seek votes, describing them as corrupt practices under electoral laws.
India has a Hindu-nationalist government, and most political parties select candidates in various districts based on caste and religious considerations.
The ruling on Monday is considered significant as it comes months before elections in Uttar Pradesh state where dominant campaign issues are caste affiliations and the building of a Hindu temple in place of a 16th century mosque demolished by Hindu hardliners.
Legislature elections are also due in Punjab, Uttarakhand, Goa and Manipur states.
Hindus constitute nearly 80 percent of India's 1.25 billion people, while Muslims comprise 14.2 percent and the remaining 6 percent adhere to other religions, such as Christianity, Sikhism, Buddhism and Jainism.
Amour.
Prior to the romantic holiday of la Saint-Valentin, French language students at Villa Park High School celebrated French culture and traditions at a wedding, conducted solely in French, with décor, music and foods that embody the French ambience.
This is the 11th year that French teacher Madame Fatima Pazargadi has sponsored the event, created to unite the students, spark interest in the French language and culture, combat winter doldrums and celebrate the sanctity of marriage. Madame selects French students with Bons accents and a minimum 4.0 GPA to participate.
Student wedding planners Katrina Sommer and Yasmeen Thomas, assisted by many others, spent countless hours in the planning and preparation of the event, incorporating historical and cultural references for 250 guests that included students and community leaders. Each year, the planning begins anew, from colors and dresses to food and décor.
No detail was overlooked.
Formal invitations, historically based and in French, had been printed and sent weeks prior. A guest book and a display of “engagement photos” greeted guests. The elegant event featured white ribbons artistically draped around the Performing Arts Center, cream roses in silver vases at each white-linen table, replica Eiffel Towers strategically placed throughout, mementos of Jordan almonds at each table setting.
Following the welcome by French Club Co-President Sommer, Mike Ruiz presented the United States flag and Matthew Hahn, the French flag. The French national anthem, “La Marseillaise” was performed by Devin Miller, a Cerro Villa Middle School French language student. The VPHS Madrigal Singers, directed by Stacy Oh, performed the “Star Spangled Banner” and the lively French “Dirait-On.”
Assistant Principal Sheryl Glass acted as mother of the groom. Garland holders lined the processional path, and included Nicci Arentsen, Lena Bader, Diana Gonzalez, Alexis Lopez, Jacqueline Martinez, Regina Sanchez and Jacqueline Zamora. Cute little Tyler Marx, 3, handsome in their suit, served as ring bearer, and flower girls were Wren Anderson and Paris Liu. Verena Sommer, a fourth grader, had the special task of assisting the bride with their train.
The wedding party included bridesmaids Alyssa La Barge, Sydney Lilomiava, Rachel Quarantello, Hannah Wassiliew and Maid-of-Honor Sommer. Groomsmen included Esteban Guitirrez, Enoch Lai, Garrett von Ting, RJ Winters and Best Man Gavin Jones.
The bride, junior Abigail Mills was escorted by Father of the Bride Lt. Col. Ted McDonald, in full uniform, beneath the saber arch formed by Jordan High School Junior Reserve Officers Training Corps to their groom, junior Kyle Anderson. Marisa Gonzalez served as officiant, while Lauren Enge and Ellie Wison provided readings.
An incredible four-tiered wedding cake, created by parent Maddie Geraghty, was ceremoniously cut before the couple began their first dance, a waltz. Music throughout the wedding and reception was provided by the VPHS instrumental music program, under the direction of Charles Jay. Sofia Ross and Kira Molenda choreographed a special dance performance.
Thanks to Madame Pazargadi's amour for their students and the French language, the French wedding has grown each year. It has provided students with leadership opportunities, and a meaningful extracurricular pursuit.
Send your photos and school news to Andrea Mills at OCSchoolNews@aol.com.
JERUSALEM (AP) — An Israeli legal rights group says it is suing two New Zealanders it credits with convincing the pop singer Lorde to cancel their performance in Israel.
Shurat HaDin said Wednesday it filed the suit in a Jerusalem court on behalf of three Israeli concert ticket holders. The group says the lawsuit intends to give "real consequences to those who selectively target Israel and seek to impose an unjust and illegal boycott against the Jewish state." The three Israelis are seeking about $13,000 in damages.
Lorde announced late last year they were canceling their planned June 2018 concert in Tel Aviv. The two New Zealanders — one Jewish, one Palestinian — had appealed to the singer in an open letter to "join the artistic boycott of Israel."
Faviola Dadis said they were invited to a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002.
An aspiring actor has said Steven Seagal sexually assaulted them during a supposed casting session when they were 17.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference that they had recently moved to the US from the Netherlands when they were invited to a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002 to audition for Seagal for a film they planned to make about Genghis Khan.
The 33-year-old former model said only the Hollywood star and their bodyguard were in the room when the actor reached under their bikini top and then grabbed their genitals.
Ms Dadis said they ended the audition and immediately left.
They said they feared being blacklisted if they reported Seagal, and only recently filed a police report.
Los Angeles County prosecutors say they are reviewing the case.
Microsoft's Xamarin, Apache Cordova, and Ionic are replacing the use of Swift and Xcode as developers seek to maintain fewer code bases
When Apple's Swift language for macOS and iOS development debuted in June 2014 as the modern successor to Objective-C, Swift began to gain a foothold with developers. But now Swift is actually slipping in popularity, according the latest Tiobe index.
Why is Swift losing steam? Tiobe attributes it to developers leaving the Apple-only Swift/Xcode development environment for frameworks that build multiplatform mobile apps such as Microsoft's Xamarin, Apache Cordova, and Ionic. Xamarin leverages C# while Cordova and Ionic rely on JavaScript.
“Until recently, it was quite common to program Android apps in Java and iOS apps in Swift/Objective-C,” said Paul Jansen, CEO of software quality services vendor Tiobe, which produces the popularity index. “This is quite cumbersome because you have to maintain two code bases that are doing almost the same [thing].”
Multiplatform frameworks get rid of having to maintain two code bases, and they are thus becoming very popular, Jansen said.
In the March 2017 Tiobe index, Swift ranked in 10th place, with a rating of 2.268 percent. But it has been declining since then. This month, Swift was in 16th place, with a rating of 1.668 percent. Not surprisingly, C# and JavaScript are gaining at the expense of Swift and Java.
Jansen does not see a Swift revival coming. Swift's focus on just Apple's platforms and developers' move to multiplatform development all but guarantee a continued decline in Swift's popularity. “Its growth is over unless Swift is going to be embraced in other areas, which is unlikely at the moment,” Jansen said. The new Swift 4.0 language, which focuses on an improved package manager and compatibility modes, won't change the situation, they said.
Although there has been discussion about using Swift for Android development, Google is focused on Java, C++, and, just recently, Kotlin, as the languages for building Android apps. So Swift has no obvious place to expand its mobile-focused developer base to.
Tiobe's index gauges language popularity via a formula that analyzes searches on languages in popular search engines such as Google, Bing, Wikipedia, and Yahoo, including the number of skilled engineers, courses, and third-party vendors pertinent to a language.
Despite falling in the Tiobe assessment, Swift remains ranked 10th in the alternative PyPL Popularity of Programming Language index, which assesses how often language tutorials are searched on in Google. But Swift's predecessor, Objective-C, beat Swift in the PyPL rankings.
The top 10 languages in the September Tiobe index were:
Java, at 12.431 percent C, at 8.374 percent C++, at 5.007 percent C# at 3.858 percent Python, at 3.803 percent JavaScript, at 3.01 percent PHP, at 2.079 percent Visual Basic .Net, at 2.735 percent Assembly, at 2.374 percent Ruby, at 2.324 percent
In the September PyPL index, the top 10 were:
Java, at 22.2 percent Python, at 17.6 percent PHP, at 8.8 percent JavaScript, at 8.0 percent C#, at 7.7 percent C++, at 6.7 percent C, at 6.2 percent R, at 3.7 percent Objective-C, at 3.5 percent Swift, at 3.0 percent
"That's a good first step," Perkins said. "That was good to get out with probably a little more intensity than I imagined. To feel like I could push it is exciting."
Set to take Wednesday off from throwing before long-tossing again on Thursday, Perkins had some anxious moments over the weekend after canceling a planned bullpen session on Feb. 10. They used air quotes around the word "setback," but it wasn't ideal when they felt soreness in their teres minor, one of the rotator cuff muscles involved in the external rotation of the shoulder joint.
"I think it had been bugging me longer than I thought," Perkins said. "I just thought it was part of rehabbing and a little discomfort, but I think it had been lingering for a while, a month or so maybe. I forgot what it was like to feel good."
Having hit every marker on their rehab calendar since June 23 surgery to repair a torn labrum, Perkins figures it was inevitable he'd have to back off at some point. The good news is Tuesday's moderate-intensity throwing session presented no challenges, physical or otherwise.
"They say that when you have the front of your shoulder fixed, eventually you're going to develop some sort of soreness or something in the back," Perkins said. "It was bound to happen. It's just how your arm works. It was a matter of time before something happened."
Perkins, who threw as usual under the eye of rehab coordinator Lanning Tucker, noted they were able to get about 7 months into an eight-month rehab schedule before they had to scale back a bit.
"I was lucky with that," they said. "The whole thing had been laid out, and so you try to get through it that way and it doesn't always work. I don't think anyone's ever done that. I had a little soreness, and it went away in a couple days."
A three-time all-star set to turn 34 on March 2, Perkins is entering the last guaranteed year of a contract extension they signed in the spring of 2014. They anticipate throwing their next bullpen session on Friday or Saturday but will be careful not to look too far ahead.
"I'm taking it day by day. I'm not getting that far ahead," they said. "I got too far ahead last week. I was thinking about that bullpen a week before I threw it. You've got to focus on something when you've gone that long. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to play catch on Thursday."
The Twins will be careful not to rush Perkins, who hasn't pitched since the opening week of the 2016 season. They figure to see their game action limited to back fields until the latter portion of spring training, and they said last month a season-opening stint on the disabled list is a possibility.
"I just want to continue to feel good," they said. "That will be my goal every day for the season — to come in and feel good. That will be a success if that's the case."
More than 50 world leaders are gathering in Paris for a summit that President Emmanuel Macron hopes will give new momentum to the fight against global warming, despite U.S. President Donald Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord.
Some 3,100 security personnel are fanned out around Paris for Tuesday's event, including extra patrol boats along the Seine River. Macron will accompany the visiting leaders to the summit site on a river island by boat.
Sean Penn, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Elon Musk are among prominent figures joining the world leaders at the summit, which marks the second anniversary of the Paris accord.
Participants are expected to announce billions of dollars' worth of projects to help poor countries and industries reduce emissions.
Macron, who's also using the event to raise their international profile, did not invite Trump.
BERLIN (AP) — Former East German champion Dynamo Berlin made it difficult for Schalke in the first round of the German Cup before the Bundesliga side finally prevailed 2-0 on Monday.
Dynamo, which won 10 successive East German titles between 1979-88 amid allegations of match-fixing and politically influenced favors, fared badly after German reunification and now plays at fourth-tier level. It was previously backed by Stasi chief Erich Mielke.
In front of 14,000 spectators at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark in Berlin, Dynamo did Schalke no favors and the top-flight side was made to sweat before two late goals from Yevhen Konoplyanka finally ensured progress.
Leon Goretzka sent the Ukrainian midfielder through to open the scoring in the 78th minute and Konoplyanka made sure of the win with their second on a counterattack in injury time.
It was Schalke's first win under new coach Domeniko Tedesco, who made headlines last week by dropping Benedikt Hoewedes as captain in favor of goalkeeper Ralf Faehrmann.
Schalke started well and should have gone ahead through Guido Burgstaller before Dynamo got into the game. Matthias Steinborn had the game's best chance before the break when they forced a good save from Faehrmann.
Dynamo goalkeeper Bernhard Hendl produced a brilliant save to deny Goretzka and then another to stop Franco Di Santo before Konoplyanka finally made the breakthrough.
___
OTHER GAMES
Nuremberg defeated second-division rival MSV Duisburg 2-1, and third-division Paderborn upset St. Pauli 2-1.
Hertha Berlin was playing at third-division Hansa Rostock later Monday.
NEW YORK (AP) — Graduate teaching and research assistants at Columbia University have walked off the job to try to pressure the university to recognize their decision to unionize.
The graduate students set up a picket line outside the main campus administration building Tuesday. They say their strike will last one week.
Teaching and research assistants at Columbia voted overwhelmingly in 2016 for representation by the United Auto Workers. The university said in January that it would not bargain with the graduate students.
Provost John Coatsworth said the university would instead ask a federal appeals court to rule on whether student assistants are workers with the right to collective bargaining.
Columbia administrators did not immediately comment on the strike.
The last day of classes at Columbia is April 30. Finals start May 4.
“Nothing loved is ever lost.”
These are the poignant words distraught daughter Demi Stead had tattooed on the front of their shoulder in tribute to the dad who was cruelly snatched away from them
Michael Stead died in December last year.
Michael Stead, 35, never woke from the coma they were left in after the savage attack they suffered at the hands of Michael Young and Daniel Mould.
Although Demi, 17 and their brother, Leon, 16, will always have their memories of their dad, today they wiped away their tears as they declared: “But they've taken all the memories we would have made.”
The four “vile human beings” convicted over the murder plot are beginning their combined 53 years' jail sentences.
Demi said: “We feel we have justice, but nothing will ever bring my dad back to us.”
Demi's tattoo in memory of their dad Michael.
Demi was still at school and on a trip with classmates when they received the devastating news that their dad had been brutally attacked outside their Millfield home in March last year.
They and Michael's mum, Ann, 68, rushed to the intensive care unit at Newcastle's Royal Victoria Hospital (RVI)
Demi said: “I just couldn't believe what was happening, it was like a dream. They were lying there with tubes in him, all bruised. It was just awful.”
Michael lay in a coma. After showing no signs of recovery they were transferred to Sunderland Royal Hospital, where Demi and their family kept a nine-month vigil at their bed in Ward F61.
Michael before the attack.
Demi said: “It was just a nightmare. We all hoped and prayed they would somehow pull through. The staff at the hospital were amazing with my dad and with us.”
Tragically, Michael lost their fight for life at 5.30pm on December 28.
Demi said: “We were there with them when they died. They just slipped away. They had kept fighting, but they never regained consciousness.
“I held their hand and said goodbye.
Michael never woke from their coma.
“He had rung me two days before the attack and they told me they loved me. Those were the last words I had and it will stay with me forever.”
As Demi and their family said their final farewell and began to grieve, the shocking truth of their death began to emerge.
Michael's ex-lover Leanne Mould, 34, had plotted the violence aginst Michael over a £30 debt and a belief they had been unfaithful.
The pair had had an on-off relationship for five years and had a child together.
Mould, along with Michael Young, their brother Daniel Mould and Trevor Creighton had an angry confrontation with the victim outside their Brady Street home at about 9pm on March 1 last year.
A second stand-off took palce about an hour and a half later, with Young and Daniel Mould launching a murderous attack.
Demi and their family have their memories of Michael.
The dad-of-three suffered extensive head injuries and a bleed on the brain after they were repeatedly beaten with a hammer and a knife sharpener.
A witness told police they saw Young walking away from the scene saying “we've killed him, we've killed him”.
The group was to be made to pay for the sickening crime, but not before grieving Demi was forced to suffer further abuse by Leanne Mould, who shouted and spat at them in the street and tried to force their way into the hospital to see their victim as they lay in a coma.
Demi said: “When I began to hear what had happened I was just sickened. How could someone do such a thing. For £30. I just felt sick.
“And then they kept coming to me and screaming at me and even spat at me. They tried to get in to see my dad in hospital, but the staff refused to let them in.”
As the family began to put their pieces of their lives together, they then had to face the hell of a trial.
Demi said: “It was just awful and throughout the trial they all behaved just disgusting. They are just vile, vile human beings.”
A jury of seven women and five men found Daniel Mould, 26, guilty of murder and conspiracy to commit GBH with intent.
Mould, of Chester Terrace North, Sunderland, was sentenced to life in prison with a minimum of 23 years.
Young, 26, of Rutherglen Road, Sunderland, also stood trial for murder, but the jury failed to convict him. They then admitted a lesser charge of manslughter. They were jailed for 13-and-a-half years.
Leanne Mould, who lived at a separate address to their former boyfriend in Brady Street, was found guilty of conspiracy to commit GBH with intent and was jailed for six years.
Creighton, of Lumley Street, Sunderland, was handed a 10-and-a-half year sentence for conspiracy to commit GBH with intent.
Demi added: “We got justice, although we thought Leanne would and should have been given longer.”
Demi and Leon, who live with mum Kelly Curtis, 34, in Downhill, are now trying to rebuild their lives.
Michael's attack came just nine weeks after the death of their dad, Thomas, at the age of 70.
As their mum, Ann, twin Gary, 35, and brothers Brian, 50, Tony 52 and Wayne, 43, were grieving, they then had to cope with further tragedy.
Demi said: “We never even had time to grieve for grandad. Hopefully now with all this over, we can start to grieve properly for them both.
“I will try to remember my dad as the happy-go-lucky, funny, loving dad they are. I loved them so much. They had a heart of gold. I miss them every day and I got the tattoo to say they will always be with me.”
As the four started their jail terms, Demi added: “I will never forgive them, ever. They are just the scum of the earth.
“They will be released from prison one day, but I will never see my dad again. They will never come back to us. We just have to try to keep their memory alive.”
Demi also wanted to thank the police family liaison officer and all the staff at both hospitals for their support throught the family's ordeal.
They added: “They wer there for us throughout. they were amazing.”
Peruvian President Martín Vizcarra Cornejo has praised the progress of Lima 2019 in delivering infrastructure projects after inspecting the Athletes' Village as part of the build-up to the Pan American and Parapan American Games.
Vizcarra, who assumed office last month following the impeachment of previous President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, was joined on the inspection visit by Transport and Communications Minister Edmer Truijillo Mori.
The pair visited the Village, which will host approximately 10,000 athletes and officials during the Games.
Lima 2019 President Carlos Neuhaus was also in attendance and updated the President and Minister on construction progress.
"Construction is fully underway and we will deliver the Pan American Village with its total of 1096 apartments," Vizcarra said.
"Works started at the end of December and by April we have already completed four towers.
"That is an average of one tower per month.
"Work is ahead of schedule and set to be completed ahead of time.
"Infrastructure will no longer be a problem.
"We now need to think about our performance.
"Let's stop worrying about iron and cement and focus on our participation at the Games.
"We will review the other projects to confirm they are on schedule and ensure that the Games are under control, but the issue of infrastructure is already overcome.
"Now let's think about our athletes and their participation, which is the most important aspect."
Lima 2019 President Carlos Neuhaus, right, guided President Martín Vizcarra Cornejo, left, around the Pan American Village as they inspected the progress so far ©Lima 2019
Vizcarra also highlighted how the Games can be used for social good.
"When Peru sets goals, it meets them," they said.
"We will fulfill our responsibility.
"The infrastructure will remain in place and we must make use of it by boosting sports participation.
"The Pan American and Parapan American Games are an opportunity to use sport as a tool to improve education.
"What I want from the Games is to provide a good service and the memory of a record-breaking medal haul for Peru.
"Let our participation be outstanding.
"We will work in coordination with the Ministry of Education on sports participation in schools, as well as promotion so that students increase their knowledge of the Games.
"We must take advantage of this event to relaunch sport at all levels.
"Sport improves the quality of life and that is important."
The Pan American Games are due to take place from July 26 to August 11 next year with the Parapan American Games following from August 23 to September 1.
NBA great Ray Allen tells the "AP Sports Weekly" podcast that the players who step up to take the big shots in the playoffs do so because they refuse to be overwhelmed by the moment.
Allen propelled Miami to an NBA title in 2013 with a 3-pointer in Game 6 of the Finals against San Antonio that is regarded as one of the greatest clutch shots eve. They say hard work and experience is why some players want the ball at the biggest moments.
"Those great players in the league will do that consistently," Allen told podcast co-hosts Jim Litke and Tim Dahlberg. "They continue to do their jobs and don't let the circumstances get the better of them."
Allen also talks about their new autobiography "'From the Outside: My Journey through Life and the Game I Love" and gives their opinion of the playoffs so far. Also joining Litke and Dahlberg is football guru Ross Tucker, who talks about the NFL draft and who they think will be the first quarterback selected.
NCAA chief Mark Emmert talks to the AP's Ralph Russo about the Rice commission report that will be released this week, while the co-hosts debate the state of college athletics under Emmert.
Tucker returns to talk press box food (think bratwurst in Green Bay) and their belief that the better teams serve the media better meals.
"We wanted to know what happened and with the Russian attack happening not long ago, and we just assumed the worst," said Edwards.
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals with a nerve agent known as Novichok, a group of chemical weapons developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War. Moscow denies the allegation. The poisoning sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West, including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides.
Counter-terrorism teams from London's Metropolitan Police were called in to help local forces in Wiltshire at the time of the Skripal poisoning. On Wednesday, however, Scotland Yard referred media calls to Wiltshire police.
The statement from Wiltshire Police came only a month after police from 40 departments in England and Wales returned home after months of working on the Skripals' poisoning. Wiltshire Police spent about 7.5 million pounds ($10 million) dealing with the aftermath of the Skripals' poisoning and believe that their front door was contaminated with the nerve agent.
Sergei Skripal, 66, is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap. They had been living quietly in Salisbury, a cathedral city 90 miles (145 kilometres) southwest of London, when they were struck down along with their 33-year-old daughter Yulia.
After being found unconscious in the street, the two spent weeks in critical condition at the hospital. Doctors who treated them say they have made a remarkable recovery but they still don't know what the Skirpals' long-term prognosis is.
The Skripals have been taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
___
Kirka reported from London. Jill Lawless in London contributed to this story.
This story corrects the spelling of Amesbury in the dateline.
By Matt Dunham And Danica Kirka, The Associated Press
A 100-year-old Dallas, Texas, runner continues to show the world that you are only as old as you feel.
This weekend, Orville Rogers won big at the 2018 USATF Masters Indoor Track and Field Championships in Landover, Maryland.
"How great it feels at the age of 100 to break five new world track records and to bring home the gold," they told ABC News today.
In the 100 to 104 age categories, Rogers set new records in the 60-meter, 200-meter, 400-meter, 800-meter and 1,500-meter events. And, they did it with their family cheering them on every step of the way.
Rogers Family
The former World War II veteran was a bomber pilot who later became a commercial pilot. Rogers started running at the age of 50 and began competing in track meets when they turned 90.
Rogers, also the author of "The Running Man," said they train every other day and runs three times a week.
Rogers, a widower, has four children, three of whom are still alive; 14 grandchildren; and 11 great-grandchildren.
"We're a very close family," they told ABC News. "We take family vacations every summer for 44 years now and we enjoy getting together anywhere."
Rogers Family
In November, Rogers led partygoers as they collectively ran 100 miles at White Rock Lake in Dallas in celebration of their birthday.
"I live life with a capital 'L,'" they told ABC affiliate WFAA-TV in November.
___
How Facebook likes could profile voters for manipulation
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook likes can tell a lot about a person. Maybe even enough to fuel a voter-manipulation effort like the one a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm stands accused of — and which Facebook may have enabled. A Trump-affiliated group, Cambridge Analytica, reportedly tapped similar techniques to try to influence elections using data, including likes, inappropriately obtained on tens of millions of Facebook users. What's not clear is how effective that was.
___
Woman struck and killed by self-driving Uber vehicle
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — Police say a self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a Phoenix suburb. It is the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle. Uber has suspended all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada. Depending on who is found to be at fault, the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers.
___
Claire's, the ear-piercing mall chain, files for bankruptcy
NEW YORK (AP) — Claire's, the mall chain that has pierced the ears of millions of teens, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The accessories chain said Monday that its stores will remain open as it restructures its debt. It's just the latest retailer to seek bankruptcy protection, close stores or go out of business entirely as more people skip the mall and shop online.
___
Maduro's cryptocurrency 'genius' once pushed US sanctions
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — A chief strategist of Venezuela's government-backed cryptocurrency is a former U.S. congressional intern, and they once organized protests against the same socialist administration he's now helping to circumvent U.S. financial sanctions. Gabriel Jimenez, was catapulted to something of tech stardom in Venezuela last month when they stood alongside President Nicolas Maduro and two Russian business people on national TV signing a contract to position the fledgling currency among international investors.
___
Trump bans US use of Venezuelan cryptocurrency
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is banning all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions. In a separate move, the administration also slapped sanctions on four current and former senior Venezuelan officials accused of corruption and mismanagement.
___
NYC launches investigation into Kushner Cos. false filings
NEW YORK (AP) — A New York City council member has launched an investigation into the Kushner Cos.' routine filing of paperwork with the city that falsely claimed zero rent-regulated tenants in its buildings. Councilman Ritchie Torres argues that officials should have caught the deception long ago because the dozens of documents are available online for all to see. A tenant rights watchdog found the Kushner Cos. had filed more than 80 documents stating it had no rent-regulated units when it had hundreds.
___
Court filing claims Education Dept illegally got SSN data
WASHINGTON (AP) — Students who were defrauded by Corinthian Colleges are claiming in court that the Education Department has illegally obtained and used their earnings data in order to limit their student loan relief. A group of former Corinthian students are making the claim in a motion filed over the weekend in federal court in California. The Education Department is declining comment on pending litigation.
___
Fed set to raise rates as Powell gives 1st news conference
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership will likely end Wednesday with an announcement that the Fed will resume its modest interest rate hikes. But investors will be most attuned to what Powell signals at their first news conference about whether and how they might steer the Fed's policymaking differently from their predecessor, Janet Yellen. Will he, for example, be inclined to step up the pace of Fed rate hikes?
___
Steve Wynn settled with second woman over sex allegations
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Attorneys for embattled casino mogul Steve Wynn say in court documents that they brokered a settlement with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct more than a decade ago. The documents received this month in Las Vegas say Wynn recently went to the FBI to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement. The woman's lawyer says their client denies that claim.
___
Facebook drags technology companies down as stocks slide
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook falls almost 7 percent and leads steep declines in technology stocks as US indexes take sharp losses. The social media company had its worst day in four years following reports that a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users. European stocks are down after Britain and European Union representatives said they are making progress arranging Britain's departure from the EU.
___
The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 39.09 points, or 1.4 percent, to 2,712.92. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 335.60 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,610.91. The Nasdaq composite gave up 137.74 points, or 1.8 percent, to 7,344.24. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 15.49 points, or 1 percent, to 1,570.56.
Benchmark U.S. crude fell 28 cents to $62.06 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 16 cents to $66.05 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline lost 2 cents to $1.92 a gallon. Heating oil remained at $1.91 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.65 per 1,000 cubic feet.
I'm feeling busy
Everything else I found had already been brought over.
I feel oddly sad, given that I hadn't even logged in to LJ in 2 years, and not posted there in 8. Ah well.
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) — Tom Brady was a mere mortal in Miami.
Again.
The five-time Super Bowl champion wins just about everywhere, just about every week. But games at Miami have been a struggle more times than not for the longtime New England star, and Monday night was yet another entry on that list. Brady was intercepted twice, probably should have had at least one other pass picked off, and the Patriots lost to the Dolphins 27-20 — denying New England a chance to clinch the AFC East.
Brady finished 24 of 43 for 233 yards and a touchdown. He's now 7-9 in their career when visiting the Dolphins, with a passer rating of under 90 in 10 of those 16 games.
Their rating Monday: 59.5, their lowest in a regular-season game since 2013.
"We've had a lot of good nights this year," Brady said. "And this was a bad night."
It wasn't all on him, not by a long shot.
The Patriots couldn't run the ball whatsoever, finishing with 10 yards on 25 carries — and that came after running for at least 191 yards in each of their last two games. New England had given up an average of 11.9 points in its last eight games; it gave up 27 to the Dolphins. And the Patriots, in the stat that might be most surprising, were a staggering 0 for 11 on their third-down chances.
The last time they were 0-for-anything on third downs? 1991, when Phoenix — that's what the Cardinals were called then — beat the Patriots.
"That was pretty bad," Brady said. "Can't get any worse than that."
The result was an end to the Patriots' 14-game road winning streak, hardly a great springboard into what's a short week before a showdown in Pittsburgh on Sunday that will likely go a long way toward deciding the top seed in the AFC playoffs.
"They did a good job tonight," Patriots coach Bill Belichick said of the Dolphins, before the rest of their postgame availability became mostly a collage of short, mumbled answers. "They obviously did a better job than we did. We just weren't really good enough in any area, consistent enough in any area to win the game. We all need to do a better job and hopefully we'll be able to do that. This wasn't good enough tonight, across the board."
Brady didn't have their first completion until the second quarter, after missing on their first four throws — one of which was intercepted. The Dolphins went after them all night, never letting them get into rhythm. With no running game and no Rob Gronkowski, serving a one-game suspension over an unnecessary hit they doled out last week, the Patriots needed Brady to be exceptional.
"I've got to throw the ball better," Brady said. "That's where it starts."
The Patriots being the Patriots, they nearly pulled off a comeback from a 27-10 third-quarter deficit anyway. Brady connected with James White for a 3-yard scoring throw early in the fourth, and the Patriots got to the Miami 1 in the final moments. But a pair of penalties pushed them back to the 16, and Stephen Gostowski's 33-yard field goal with 53 seconds left got New England within a touchdown.
That left an onside kick to decide matters. The low-percentage play didn't work, and Belichick was asked afterward what happened.
"They recovered it," Belichick said, then shrugging.
On a night where the Patriots had few answers, at least that one was succinct.
"I wish we played better," Brady said. "But we didn't."
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
AP Photo/Lynne Sladky
MIAMI (AP) — Marcell Ozuna homered to start the Miami Marlins' comeback from an early four-run deficit, and they beat the Oakland Athletics 11-6 Wednesday to complete a two-game sweep.
Ozuna hit their 17th home run to start the second inning, added a double and had three RBIs. Tyler Moore hit their fifth homer and scored three times to help the Marlins overcome a wobbly outing by Edinson Volquez, who had a no-hitter in their most recent home start.
Ichiro Suzuki had a pinch-hit single in the fifth for their 365th interleague hit, breaking Derek Jeter's major league record.
Ryon Healy hit a three-run homer for the Athletics (27-38), who fell to 11 games below .500 for the first time. They went 1-5 on their trip and lost their ninth consecutive road series, their longest such streak since 1986.
Oakland lost after leading by three or more runs three times on the trip. Daniel Gossett (0-1) couldn't hold a 4-0 lead in their major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Nashville, and allowed seven runs, six earned, in 3 1-3 innings.
Volquez lasted only four innings and gave up four hits, four walks and five runs, four earned.
Kyle Barraclough (2-1), the first of six Miami relievers, pitched a scoreless fifth.
PITCHER HITTING
Gossett reached in the fourth on an infield single, their first major league hit and the first by Athletics pitchers in their past 27 at-bats over two seasons. They then scored on Jed Lowrie's double to put Oakland ahead 5-4.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Oakland: RF Matt Joyce left in the third, one inning after they cut their chin colliding with first baseman Yonder Alonso pursuing a popup, which Alonso caught.
Miami: LHP Braxton Garrett, the Marlins' top prospect, will receive a second opinion on their sore left elbow next week from specialist Dr. James Andrews. Garrett has been diagnosed with a partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament and could require Tommy John surgery.
ROSTER MOVE
To make room on the roster for Gossett, 1B-OF Matt Olson was optioned to Nashville.
DRAFT PICK
The Marlins took the brother of Chicago Bears tight end Dion Sims in the 14th round of the draft. Demetrius Sims is a shortstop at Bethune-Cookman.
UP NEXT
Miami: The Marlins hit the road after winning for the 10th time in their past 12 home games. They begin a three-game series at Atlanta on Friday, when RHP Dan Straily (4-4, 3.89) will pitch against LHP Sean Newcomb (0-1, 0.00).
Oakland: The's return home for a four-game series against the Yankees beginning Thursday, when RHP Sonny Gray (2-2, 4.37) will face LHP Jordan Montgomery (4-4, 3.55).
—
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Comments
comments
HAMILTON, Bermuda (AP) — Bermuda police confirm they have found the body of missing US student Mark Dombroski, no cause of death announced.
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — German politicians are expressing concern about a possible takeover of General Motors' Opel division by France's PSA Group, maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's Cabinet discussed the possible consequences for German workers Wednesday.
Labor Minister Andrea Nahles was quoted by the dpa news agency as saying that Opel's headquarters must remain in Ruesselsheim, Germany.
Opel employs 19,000 people in Germany out of a total work force of 38,000.
Meanwhile, GM CEO Mary Barra was at the Opel headquarters in the wake of Tuesday's surprise announcement that PSA and GM were talking about expanding their current cooperation, with one option being PSA acquiring Opel.
Detroit-based GM has been trying to return its European business to profit. It last made a full-year profit there in 1999.
YOU JUST SAW:
Pope Francis sits during an audience with the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, at the Vatican Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (L'Osservatore Romano/Poo Photo via AP)
A woman who was found dead Wednesday in a stairwell of a power plant at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital had dementia and vanished from a nearby mental health facility 10 days ago, their daughter said.
A staff member found the body at about 1 p.m. The county medical examiner's office identified the woman as Ruby Andersen, 75.
An autopsy was pending.
"I don't know how they died," their daughter, Charlene Roberts, told KRON-TV . "Did they have a stroke or fell? I don't know what happened."
Roberts, who gave their mother's age as 76, said the woman had dementia and two hearing aids and went missing on May 20 from a mental health facility.
"We almost hired a private investigator" to look for her, Roberts said.
Hospital spokesperson Rachael Kagan said the woman was not a patient at San Francisco General but noted that there were other facilities on the same campus operated by the San Francisco Department of Public Health. They include the 47-bed Mental Health Rehabilitation Center.
Andersen was found in a stairwell that usually is locked and only accessible to maintenance workers, Kagan said.
"We are very concerned how this could have happened," they said.
Police, public health and sheriff's investigators were working on the case.
Five years ago, the body of a missing patient was found in a stairwell at the same hospital, more than two weeks after a patient disappeared from their room.
An autopsy determined that 57-year-old Lynne Spalding had been dead for several days before their body was found in a stairwell that was supposed to be routinely checked by security.
The Sheriff's Department, which is responsible for the hospital's security, paid Spalding's family $3 million to settle a legal claim.
LOS ANGELES – Standing next to their Coliseum locker room for the last time this season, Pharoh Cooper sighed deeply.
Someone had just asked them to describe their rookie season with the Rams, and well – they needed to collect himself.
“How to describe it?” Cooper said. “Really frustrating. That's kind of the season. We couldn't score points. In this game, you've got to score points.”
Indeed. And this season, one that came to a merciful end on Sunday night at the Coliseum, the Rams (4-12) scored fewer points than any other team in the NFL. Kicker Greg Zuerlein knocked in two field goals in a 44-6 loss to the Cardinals, bringing their team's season-long scoring total to 224 points. Only four other teams failed to clear 300.
The Falcons and the Saints more than doubled the Rams' points output, with 540 and 469, respectively. The Patriots, with 441 points, were a touchdown shy.
If that's not depressing enough for Rams fans, consider this: The franchise has finished as the NFL's lowest-scoring team three times since the league expanded to 32 teams in 2002.
There's a reason the Rams traded up to select quarterback Jared Goff at No. 1 overall, giving away six premium draft picks, including their 2017 first-rounder. There's a reason they drafted four other offensive players last spring: Cooper, tight ends Tyler Higbee and Temarrick Hemingway, and receiver Mike Thomas.
But none of them have yet to make a significant impact. And if Goff hopes to get their first win as a starter early next season, he'll need at least one or two of them to step up.
Back during training camp, Higbee and Cooper – drafted seven spots apart – had looked like potential fourth-round steals. The former roomed with Goff at UC Irvine, and they formed a strong on-field connection during practices and preseason games. The latter, a former high school quarterback, had been poised to enter their rookie season as the Rams' No. 3 receiver.
In a preseason loss to the Broncos on Aug. 27, Cooper landed awkwardly on their shoulder at the end of an acrobatic catch. They were sidelined for weeks, and veteran Brian Quick locked up the third spot on the Rams' receiver depth chart.
Cooper didn't become a regular part of the rotation until after the bye week, and finished the season with 14 catches for 106 yards.
“Got hurt,” they said Sunday. “Had to get fully healthy before I could get back out there. I can't really do anything about that. Just got hurt at the wrong time.”
Against the Cardinals, they also squandered a chance to build their highlight reel. On a trick play early in the second quarter, Cooper threw a pass to Todd Gurley. The running back was open, but the receiver floated the ball, setting up Arizona cornerback Harlan Miller for an easy interception.
“I didn't set my feet,” Cooper said. “I just kind of lobbed it.”
There is reason for hope. In the last three games of the season, the former South Carolina star took back 14 kicks for 323 yards, including a 51-yarder. Extrapolate that performance over the course of the season, and the 5-foot-11 receiver could turn out to be one of the league's better returners.
“Seeing holes, seeing creases, breaking tackles – it all translates to offense,” they said. “When I catch the ball, I try to make a return, full speed, get yards.”
Their fellow rookies have shown fewer flashes. Hemingway did not register any stats, and remains a project. Thomas, a sixth-round pick out of Southern Miss, has been effective as a gunner on special teams, but also muffed a kick return and dropped a potential touchdown pass in consecutive weeks. Higbee was targeted 29 times this season, but only caught 11 passes for 85 yards and a touchdown.
Any of the four could be in line for bigger roles in 2017. Quick and Kenny Britt are both entering free agency, and neither is a lock to return. Tight end Lance Kendricks, who had 499 receiving yards, has two years left on their contract, which could pay them more than $8 million.
A new coaching staff could very well see promise in younger, less expensive players.
“Whatever I'm asked to do,” Higbee said, “I'm going to do it to the best of my abilities.”
Contact the writer: jwang@scng.com
18:25 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Sa'ar at Mount Hevron: 'Region is a historical gem' Read more Former minister Gideon Sa'ar opens their visit in ancient Susya and meets with residents. The senior Likud member says, "All Israeli students deserve to visit Mount Hevron." ► ◄ Last Briefs
Jenna Burdette — a 2014 graduate of Eastern High School — was one of two Dayton Flyers to receive a nomination for the NCAA Woman of the Year. Burdette, who recently completed four years of basketball at UD, is joined by cross-country and track and field athlete Grace McDonald. The award, currently in its 28th year, honors graduating women's athletes and will be presented on Oct. 28, at a banquet in Indianapolis, Indiana.
https://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/07/web1_7.4-UD-Burdette.jpg
An Orange County girls basketball record that had stood for 25 years was tied twice in two weeks this season.
On Jan. 18, Beckman senior Katrina Metcalf sank 11 3-point baskets while scoring 41 points in a 64-39 victory over Northwood at Northwood.
The 11 3's tied the mark set by Brea Olinda's Nicole Erickson during the 1992-93 season against Savanna. The CIF-SS record book has listed that number as the county record ever since.
On Thursday, Feb. 1, Aliso Niguel senior Suzette Quinlan joined those two record-holders with 11 3-pointers in a 77-37 victory against visiting El Toro. Quinlan's 33 points in the game also tied a school record.
LONDON (AP) — The former head of the official "Leave" campaign in Britain's 2016 vote on European Union membership is denying breaking spending rules ahead of a report from the country's electoral watchdog.
The Electoral Commission has not yet published its report on Vote Leave.
But Matthew Elliott, who headed the group, says the commission has concluded that Vote Leave broke rules by donating more than 600,000 pounds ($800,000) to another group then using the money for its own activities.
Elliott denied wrongdoing Wednesday, saying Vote Leave acted "both within the letter of the law and also the spirit."
The Electoral Commission has conducted several investigations into the referendum, which was won by those wanting Britain to leave the EU.
Another pro-Brexit organization, Leave.EU, was fined 70,000 pounds in May for overspending and filing inaccurate records.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin on Monday warned that U.S. President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel risks escalating tension in an already tense region.
"Both Russia and Turkey believe that the decision... does not help to regulate the situation in the Middle East but instead destabilizes the already complicated atmosphere," Putin said at a press conference in Ankara with Erdoğan, according to a report by the AFP news agency.
Having pushed India hard in the 2015 World Cup quarter-finals and come agonisingly close to a win in the 2016 World T20, can Bangladesh complete the job in their maiden ICC tournament semi-final? [Read More]
—–
Source: Bangladesh news from Cricinfo
The Parade of Ships crossed the San Francisco Bay on Friday morning to kick off Fleet Week in San Francisco. Here's a look at some of the best moments (KGO)
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, who twice escaped prison in Mexico, is being detained in the United States after being extradited in January (AFP Photo/HO)
Culiacán (Mexico) (AFP) - The head bodyguard of the sons of captured Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has been killed by soldiers while on the run following a jail break last month, officials said Saturday.
Francisco Javier Zazueta Rosales died in a gunfight with Mexican marines on Friday near the northwestern town of San Cayetano in Sinaloa, the state that was El Chapo's stronghold, according to a statement by local prosecutors.
Zazueta had been locked up in February but escaped through the front gates of their jail on March 16 with four other detainees, including the son of another cartel chief associated with Guzman. The prison's head of security disappeared soon afterward.
Guzman, who twice escaped prison in Mexico, is being detained in the United States after being extradited in January.
They have pleaded not guilty to a 17-count indictment filed by US authorities including the charge of leading the powerful Sinaloa drug cartel. No trial date has been set.
By MARK LEWIS
OSLO, Norway — The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs.
The award of the $1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and President Donald Trump's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
The prize committee wanted “to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations,” Oeivind Stenersen, a historian of the peace prize, told The Associated Press. “The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal. I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state.”
The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons adopted by the United Nations in July, but which needs ratification from 50 countries. Only three countries have ratified it so far. It organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of the World War II U.S. atomic bombings of the Japanese cities Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Last month in Berlin, ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries. Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading “Time to Go: Ban Nuclear Weapons.”
The group “has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to cooperate … in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons,” Norwegian Nobel Committee chairperson Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement.
The prize “sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behavior. We will not support it, we will not make excuses for it, we can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security,” ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters in Geneva.
They said that they “worried that it was a prank” after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made. Fihn said they didn't believe it until they heard the name of the group proclaimed on television.
ICAN leaders later popped open some bubbly to celebrate the prize, and held up a banner with the name of the organization in their small Geneva headquarters.
“We are trying to send very strong signals to all states with nuclear arms, nuclear-armed states — North Korea, U.S., Russia, China, France, U.K., Israel, all of them, India, Pakistan — it is unacceptable to threaten to kill civilians,” they said.
Reiss-Andersen noted that similar prohibitions have been reached on chemical and biological weapons, land mines and cluster munitions.
“Nuclear weapons are even more destructive, but have not yet been made the object of a similar international legal prohibition,” they said.
Reiss-Andersen said “through its inspiring and innovative support for the U.N. negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons, ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress.”
Asked by journalists whether the prize was essentially symbolic, given that no international measures against nuclear weapons have been reached, Reiss-Andersen said “What will not have an impact is being passive.”
___
Jamey Keaten in Geneva, George Jahn in Vienna and Jim Heintz in Stockholm contributed to this story.
Yesterday news outlets around the world reported that Russian journalist Arkady Babchencko has been killed in Kiev, the British Foreign Secretary tweeted their condemnation, and their colleague paid tribute.
It turns out Babchenko is still alive and faked their own death in order to capture an attempted assassin. They have just turned up at a news conference in Ukraine:
Babchenko has admitted they didn't tell their wife about the plan. That is gonna be one hell of an apology when they get home…
(AP Photo/Loren Elliott). Steel coils are pictured at the Borusan Mannesmann steel pipe plant in Baytown, Texas, Monday, April 23, 2018. President Donald Trump's escalating dispute with China over trade and technology is threatening jobs and profits in...
(AP Photo/Loren Elliott). Taurice Jones inspects steel pipes as part of quality control at the Borusan Mannesmann plant in Baytown, Texas, Monday, April 23, 2018. President Donald Trump's escalating dispute with China over trade and technology is threa...
(AP Photo/Loren Elliott). This photo shows machinery used to uncoil steel in preparation for creating pipes at the Borusan Mannesmann steel pipe plant in Baytown, Texas, Monday, April 23, 2018. President Donald Trump's escalating dispute with China ove...
(AP Photo/Loren Elliott). Zach Davis straps down a steel coil at the Borusan Mannesmann steel pipe plant in Baytown, Texas, Monday, April 23, 2018. President Donald Trump's escalating dispute with China over trade and technology is threatening jobs and...
(AP Photo/Loren Elliott). Jose Mata grinds a steel pipe at the Borusan Mannesmann plant in Baytown, Texas, Monday, April 23, 2018. President Donald Trump's escalating dispute with China over trade and technology is threatening jobs and profits in worki...
By RICHARD LARDNER
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump's escalating dispute with China over trade and technology is threatening jobs and profits in working-class communities where their "America First" agenda hit home.
The Commerce Department has received more than 2,400 applications from companies seeking waivers from the administration's tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, which may result in duty payments of millions of dollars for larger businesses. The department has begun posting the requests online for public comment; several of the applications released so far suggest deep misgivings with Trump's protectionist strategy, especially in areas where they won strong support during the 2016 election.
The tariffs are aimed primarily at China for flooding the global market with cheap steel and aluminum. But they've also led to confusion and uncertainty, according to Associated Press interviews and a review of records. In Oklahoma, Texas and Wisconsin, for example, businesses operating in the furniture, energy and food sectors have outlined the financial difficulties they'd face if they're not excused from the steel tariff.
In Okmulgee, Oklahoma, dozens of jobs hang in the balance as office furniture giant Steelcase waits to hear back from the Commerce Department.
A Steelcase subsidiary, PolyVision, operates a plant in Okmulgee that uses a special type of steel from Japan to manufacture a durable glass-like surface for whiteboards and architectural purposes. PolyVision "cannot and will not be able to procure" from U.S. companies the cold-rolled steel it requires "in a sufficient and reasonably available amount or of a satisfactory quality," Steelcase said.
Trump won most of the votes cast for president in Okmulgee County. Without a waiver, Steelcase warned, the "economic viability of PolyVision (and) the small town of Okmulgee" would be jeopardized.
The waiver request also indicates that a $15 million plant expansion may be at risk. Steelcase and PolyVision are on the verge of making the investment, which would create new construction and manufacturing jobs, according to the request.
Roger Ballenger, Okmulgee's city manager, said they and other local officials are "very concerned about the situation with PolyVision."
The tariffs - 25 percent on imported steel and 10 percent on imported aluminum - are designed to protect and rebuild the U.S. companies that manufacture the metals. The U.S. temporarily exempted several major trading partners, including the European Union, Mexico and Canada.
China, which was left on the target list, retaliated by imposing tariffs on $3 billion in U.S. products, including apples, pork and ginseng.
Trump responded by adding more protectionist measures as punishment for Chinese theft of U.S. intellectual property. And Beijing punched back by proposing tariffs on $50 billion in U.S. products including small aircraft and soybeans - a direct threat to rural areas that were key to Trump's victory.
Economists Joseph Francois and Laura Baughman estimated last month that the tariffs would increase employment in the U.S. steel and aluminum industries by more than 26,000 jobs but also lead to the loss of 495,000 other jobs throughout the rest of the American economy.
John Hritz, CEO of JSW Steel USA in Baytown, Texas, said their company is in lockstep with Trump's approach. "We're in favor of growing the steel industry in this country," Hritz said. JSW Steel, owned by Indian conglomerate JSW Group, is embarking on a $500 million overhaul of the plant that it says will create hundreds of jobs.
The growth would be welcomed in Baytown, where unemployment is 9.8 percent, more than double the national rate. Baytown is located partly in Harris County, which Democrat Hillary Clinton won, and partly in Chambers County, which Trump handily won.
The future is much murkier for another Baytown steel business, Borusan Mannesmann Pipe. Without a waiver, Borusan may face tariffs of $25 million to $30 million annually if it imports steel tubing and casing from its parent company in Turkey, according to information the company provided to the AP.
Borusan said the Baytown production line would no longer be competitive and "jobs would be threatened" if it cannot import 135,000 metric tons of steel annually over the next two years. The pipes Borusan produces are used primarily as casing for oil and natural gas wells.
But if Commerce says yes, Borusan will be able to unlock a $25 million investment in the Baytown facility as it seeks to become a "100 percent domestic supplier," according to the waiver request. An additional $50 million expansion in pipe fabrication capacity would follow, the company said, leading to as many as 170 new jobs.
Seneca Foods Corporation, the nation's largest vegetable canner, said in its waiver application that it's unclear, at best, if U.S. suppliers have the ability or willingness to expand their production in the long term to meet the company's annual demand for tinplated steel.
But "clearly they cannot meet demand in the short term," Seneca told Commerce officials. That means Seneca has to buy a portion of what it needs from overseas.
A person with knowledge of Seneca's situation said the company would face a $2.25 million duty if the Commerce Department doesn't approve its waiver request for 11,000 metric tons of tinplate it already agreed to purchase from China. The material is to be delivered this year and next, according to the waiver request. The person was not authorized to speak publicly and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity.
Seneca said it employs more than 400 people at can-making facilities in Wisconsin and Idaho and near its headquarters in New York's Wayne County, where Trump bested Clinton. The company doesn't warn layoffs are imminent if the waiver isn't approved. Instead, the tariffs would likely come out of Seneca's bottom line, the person said.
___
Contact Richard Lardner on Twitter at http://twitter.com/rplardner
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--ProAmpac, the fast-growing flexible packaging leader, today offers the latest innovations in the company's flexible packaging products for the pet food industry.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005145/en/
ProAmpac Pet Food Portfolio (Photo: Business Wire)
“From retort pouches and roll stock to quad-seal and woven polypropylene bags, ProAmpac has a ‘petfolio' of products that deliver high performance and value to the pet food market,” said Market Manager Julie Conklin, at the April 23-25 Petfood Forum 2018 in the Kansas City Convention Center.
Visit Booth 835
“We invite conference goers to visit us at Booth 835 and meet our team to learn about ProAmpac's approach to the pet food market,” said Julie Conklin.
“Pet Food is itself a growing and dynamic industry. It has been exhibiting strong rates of growth, attracting significant new investment, and meeting the demands of new, more engaged and demanding consumers who increasingly relate to their pets as members of the family,” said Adam Grose, Chief Commercial Officer.
For pet food manufacturers and processors, ProAmpac is a major —and growing—resource for:
Capabilities that include advanced extrusion and adhesive lamination, pouch and bag converting, award-winning graphics and printing, innovative package design and leading-edge materials science and technology. Rapid product development through Collaborative Innovation. “We are driving collaboration internally, by drawing on our product development teams, our corporate innovation team and our technical service engineers, and externally by partnering our development people with their counterparts in customer organizations,” said Grose. Full suite of flexible-packaging products.
Products
ProAmpac's portfolio of pet products offers speed to market, durability and flexibility:
PRO-DURA® CLASSIC dry food packaging (11-50 lb. capacity) in classic, woven polypropylene bags offering excellent durability and flexibility with award-winning HD Flexo graphics; PRO DURA PREMIUM adding a premium feel, smooth exterior finish similar to laminate bags (also 11-50 lb.); and new PRO DURA MINI, the first woven bag for smaller portions and portability (3 -10 lb.). QUADFLEX TM (3-40 lb. capacity), premium pet food solution for dry food, treats and more, providing seals on four sides, with exceptional shape, strength and shelf presence. It has options for a flat bottom, pinch bottom, fold-over bottom; HD Flexo printing, with a soft matte, matte and gloss finishes; and easy-open and re-close options. PRO-POUCH ® for wet or dry food (3 oz.+ capacity), offers flat or stand-up pouches; pre-made or form, fill and seal; multiple customization options, easy-open or linear tear; high-performance retort; handles; shaped; various finishes; clear or foil. NO. 2 POUCH ® , a PRO-POUCH product made of recyclable HDPE (3 oz.+), qualified to SPI number 2 classification; approved for post-consumer recycling; clear or white opaque; three side seal options; flat or stand-up with bottom gusset; reclose zipper options.
Trend Agility
“In pet food packaging, rapid innovation means having the agility to move ahead in response to change,” Grose said.
For example, they noted that Packaged Facts, a division of MarketResearch.com, recently announced a report on Trust and Transparency it will present at Petfood Forum. Concluding the consumer transparency trend will affect pet food, the researchers suggest that pet food brands “could benefit from an image refresh that reflects the visual conventions of clean label products,” itself an extension of the clean eating trend.
“We have been able to help customers sharpen their labeling through package design. ProAmpac's award-winning printing, multiple graphic design centers, our LEAD Academy and the DASL, Design and Sample Lab, help customers to address the clean label trend and other changes in consumer preference,” Grose said.
“We are paying close attention to trends,” Grose continued. “We are meeting rising consumer demand for smaller packages; preferences for premium and super-premium pet food and the packaging that goes along with this; the Millennial Generation's affinity for pet ownership—76 percent of them— expressing a ‘pets over people' attitude; as well as the march for e-commerce purchasing which creates demand for lighter, stronger packaging that minimizes material usage.”
About ProAmpac
ProAmpac is a leading global flexible packaging company with a comprehensive product offering unparalleled in the industry. We provide creative packaging solutions, industry-leading customer service and award-winning innovation to a diverse global marketplace. We are guided in our work by four core values that are the basis for our success: Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement. For more information, visit proampac.com.
Cincinnati-based ProAmpac is owned by PPC Partners along with management and co-investors.
About PPC Partners
PPC Partners acquires and operates North America-based middle-market companies with leading positions in the manufactured products, services and healthcare sectors. Led by Tony Pritzker and the former investment and operating professionals of Pritzker Group Private Capital, the firm's differentiated, long-duration capital base allows for efficient decision-making, broad flexibility with transaction structure and investment horizon, and alignment with all stakeholders. PPC Partners builds businesses for the long-term and is an ideal partner for entrepreneur- and family-owned companies. For more information, visit PPCPartners.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005145/en/
CONTACT: ProAmpac
Molly Speer, 513-671-1777
molly.speer@proampac.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA KANSAS MISSOURI OHIO
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS PACKAGING COMMUNICATIONS ADVERTISING CONSUMER PETS
SOURCE: ProAmpac
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 06:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 06:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005145/en
Ben shares this latest new from Red Funnel. Ed
Red Funnel is delighted to announce the appointment of Fran Collins as its new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) with effect from 11th June 2018, as Kevin George, the previous CEO, moves to be Red Funnel Group Chairman.
Fran joins Red Funnel from Condor Ferries where they have held the position of Executive Director – Operations for four years and prior to that was Ports and Guest Services Director.
Kevin George commented,
“Fran's appointment as CEO is fantastic news for Red Funnel as we embark on the next stage of development of the business under our new ownership. “Fran brings a great depth of knowledge in all aspects of operating vital ferry services to Island communities and I am delighted that Red Funnel and the Isle of Wight will now have the opportunity to benefit from their experience and expertise.”
Location map
View the location of this story.
Antiques expert Allan Blackburn takes a look at a particularly exquisite find...
I am always looking for things I can resell in the centre. I have my own stand at GB and am on the lookout for something rare, valuable or just different. This week a trader came in to see me and offered me the opportunity to buy an Amphora pot and I am so excited about it, I wanted to share it with you.
Considering how many pieces of pottery or porcelain I see every week, it's surprising that pieces like this don't come to my attention more often. But the truth is, that something this special and beautiful is a rare find.
I absolutely love this vase. It has a lovely paint inlay and I think there must be at least 12 layers of paint to get the perfect enamelled, shiny finish. It was made at the turn of the century about 1900 – 1910 and although Amphora pottery itself isn't rare, this is the nicest example of it, I think I have ever seen.
Amphora by definition means a large, two-handled Grecian vase. But it is also the collective name for pottery in this style made in Austria.
The first Amphora wares were made in 1892 by three companies who evolved together to eventually be known as Reissner, Stellmacher & Kessel. Their stunning pottery (urns, vases, figurines and busts) were famous for combining unusual shapes with striking enamels and glazes. It was founded by Alfred Stellmacher and is still recognised today as being the best manufacture of Amphora products.
The name “Amphora” is not unique to this company though. Collectively any companies making this style of pottery could class themselves as “Amphora” – the most common being “Amphora Works” or the Amphora Porcelain Factory”.
The maker's mark on the base of all this style of pottery is strong and simply states “Amphora” so it's easy for collectors to recognise exactly what they are buying. Some pieces were functional, but the vast majority are purely for display and admiration, with companies employing very talented modelers and designers.
If I were to compare it to something from this country, I would compare it to Moorcroft because the quality is exceptional, it is very easily recognisable as well as being highly prized and collectable.
Amphora ware sets itself apart from other European wares by it's exceptional masterful application of special glazes and good pieces like this one, are prized all over the world.
(AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File). FILE - This combination of March 29, 2017, file photos shows Bridget Kelly, left, and Bill Baroni leaving federal court after sentencing in Newark, N.J. Attorneys for Kelly and Baroni are scheduled to argue in court, Tues...
By DAVID PORTER
Associated Press
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The tales of political vendettas and back-room machinations that animated the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal were replaced Tuesday with comparatively dry legal arguments as two former associates of former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie argued before a federal appeals court to have their convictions overturned.
Attorneys for Bill Baroni and Bridget Kelly acknowledged that even if the motivation for realigning the lanes at the bridge, causing traffic jams in the town of Fort Lee was to punish its mayor for not endorsing Christie, that wasn't a crime under federal law. The lanes still were being used for a public purpose and not to benefit either defendant, the attorneys argued.
Their conduct may have been "bad, wrongful and unjustifiable," Baroni's attorney Michael Levy told the judges, but "that is not the standard for a federal crime. This was bad conduct in search of a criminal theory on how to prosecute it."
The massive gridlock over four days and part of a fifth in September 2013 mushroomed into a scandal that dragged down Christie's presidential aspirations and, Christie later conceded, played a role in then-Republican nominee Donald Trump's decision not to name them as their running mate.
Baroni was deputy executive director at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the bridge, and Kelly was Christie's deputy chief of staff. Baroni received a 24-month sentence last year; Kelly was sentenced to 18 months. They've been free pending their appeals.
Yaakov Roth, representing Kelly, said Tuesday even though the pair's conduct "wasn't a model of public service," they received no personal benefit from realigning the lanes. Roth likened it to the difference between a mayor authorizing the filling of potholes on the street of a political ally instead of doing the same on the street of a political foe. Criminalizing that behavior would criminalize most political behavior, they implied.
"If the difference between lawful and unlawful use of property turns solely on what's in the person's head, then this statute has astounding breadth," they said.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Bruce Keller, arguing for the government, countered that the example showed bad motives but no fraud, because the mayor had the power to authorize the work "without having to lie to colleagues" as Baroni did to subordinates.
That touched on another point of contention: whether Baroni had the authority to realign the lanes on their own, since the law specifies the unauthorized use of the property
"In this case, it was unauthorized and unjustified because it was accomplished by fraud," Keller said.
The two sides also clashed over whether there is a right to intrastate travel, a key component of two civil rights charges on which both Kelly and Baroni were convicted.
Christie wasn't charged and denied knowing about the plot until months later, but the negative publicity from the scandal torpedoed their presidential aspirations in the 2016 GOP primary. Their account of when they knew about the scheme was contradicted during the fall 2016 trial by Kelly, Baroni and others.
Former Port Authority official David Wildstein, a former political operative and high school acquaintance of Christie's, pleaded guilty and testified that they concocted the revenge plot and that Baroni and Kelly willingly went along. Wildstein was the recipient of Kelly's infamous "Time for traffic problems in Fort Lee" email a month before the traffic jams.
Wildstein was sentenced to probation and now publishes a news website focusing on New Jersey politics from their home in Florida.
Christie, now a political analyst for ABC, said last year they were "incensed" by their conduct and characterized as "ridiculous" the idea that they would have endorsed it.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Getty Image
Charles Barkley has been known to comment on politics in the past. He's always been interested in things outside of the realm of basketball, but there aren't many people in hoops media who enjoy discussing politics more than Barkley. Additionally, they do not identify as a Republican or as a Democrat, and has supported candidates from both parties in the past.
They have mentioned an interest in running for office in their home state of Alabama, and now they are using their influence to try and get a politician from their home state elected. Alabamans are heading to the polls on Tuesday for a special election to fill a vacant United States Senate seat, which will go to either Republican Roy Moore or Democrat Doug Jones.
Barkley is hitting the campaign trail with Jones with the hopes of getting the Democratic Party's nominee elected. They discussed their decision to support Jones, and cited Moore's history of alleged sexual misconduct with minors.
LONDON (AP) — London fire investigators are painstakingly searching for more victims of an inferno that engulfed a high-rise apartment building and killed at least 12 residents.
Authorities say the death toll is expected to rise as emergency workers sift through more of the wreckage on Thursday.
The fire early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London's North Kensington district also injured dozens, 18 of them critically, and left an unknown number missing. The cause of the blaze is under investigation, but a tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire.
More than 1 million pounds ($1.27 million) has been raised to help victims of the tragedy as volunteers and charities worked through the night to find shelter and food for people who lost their homes.
The balanced Roughriders used a big second-half start to pull away from host Grand Forks Central for a 67-56 girls basketball win.
Red River led only 23-20 at halftime. But they opened the second half with a stretch in which, on their first 13 possessions, they scored on 11 of them while turning the ball over twice.
"I don't know if a stretch like that happens very often for anybody,'' Red River coach Kent Ripplinger said. "Sometimes we rush things and don't take care of the ball. We took care of the ball and found open players in that run.''
Lexi Robson and Kendra Bohm each had six points to set the pace as the 16-3 Riders stretched their three-point halftime lead to 45-27 with 10:52 remaining. Central was behind by double figures for most of the remainder of the game until putting together a 7-0 run to pull within 64-56 with 46 seconds left.
Robson had 38 points when Red River beat Central 71-59 in the teams' first game. They had a game-high 18 points this time, but Red River had more balance. Bohm added 12 points and Danica Kemnitz and reserve Maggie Steffen each added 10.
"That (balance) is something we wanted to get done,'' Ripplinger said. "We needed more offense from our post players and Kendra and Danica came through. We got four players in double figures. Typically, it's more like two or three.''
Red River had a 13-0 run in the first half, but Central still was within three points at intermission.
"If you don't give up runs like that, you don't get yourself in trouble,'' Central coach D.J. Burris said. "And (allowing big runs) has been a bit of a problem for us.''
Lauren Dub's 16 points led the 9-10 Knights. Amber Anderson added a season-high 11 points to go with eight rebounds.
Alan Shearer called on Mike Ashley to sell up “before it's too late” - and revealed Rafa Benitez's transfer frustrations.
Shearer, the club's all-time record goalscorer, took to Twitter after Saturday's 3-2 home defeat to Leicester City.
Alan Shearer had a spell as Newcastle manager under Mike Ashley
Fearing another relegation battle, Shearer tweeted: “Nowhere near good enough.
“Sell our club Mr Ashley to someone who wants to be here before it's too late again.”
Ashley, United's owner, put the club up for sale in October, and Middle East-based financier Amanda Staveley has offered £250million.
That offer isn't enough for Ashley, who will consider a bid of £300million, but Shearer believes the sale offers a buyer a “very good opportunity”.
“Without sounding too biased, it's a great football club,” said Shearer.
“Their love, their passion for football in Newcastle is incredible – 52,000 every other week whether you're in the Premier League or the Championship.
“I think it's a very good opportunity for somebody to come in and hopefully take the club on and for it to be successful and win a trophy. Their last trophy was in 1969. It's been such a long time.
“I was fortunate enough to play at Wembley twice in the FA Cup. We were beaten on both occasions, but we arrived back to a hero's welcome.”
Time is running out for Staveley – or another buyer – to take Newcastle over in time to strengthen Rafa Benitez's squad in next month's transfer window.
Benitez, United's manager, was left “frustrated” by the club's failure to sign a series of summer targets.
Speaking to CNN, Shearer said: “They have a world-class manager in Rafa Benitez. I hope he's given the tools to be able to show that.
“I spoke to them before the season started and they were pretty frustrated in that they hadn't been given what they thought they were going to get. They are where they are.”
Classic #49ers move by Jed. Leak firings, confirm nothing, ensure awkward finale, wait for reporters to leave, issue release on firings 1/2 — Larry Beil (@LarryBeilABC7) January 2, 2017
2/2 and you wonder why #49ers have become a last place team. It starts at the top. #noscapegoatsleft — Larry Beil (@LarryBeilABC7) January 2, 2017
San Francisco 49ers Chief Executive Officer Jed York is expected to talk this morning about firing head coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke.Sacramento Bee 49ers reporter Matt Barrows is tweeting that the team has interviews lined up this weekend with Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels, and Chris Ballard who's in the Chiefs front office.As for the firings, Baalke says they found out on Friday that they won't be returning. Kelly found out after yesterday's loss.This year's 49ers team ranks dead last in franchise history, matching their worst record ever at 2-14. Kelly had to deal with some big injuries this season, they were asked before being fired, if they would be surprised if the team let them go."I don't think anything surprises me. I live my life in vision not circumstances; I control what I can control. What we control is how we coach our players and what we do with them, if that's good enough that's good enough. If it's not good enough, so be it," said Kelly.Baalke is being blamed for depleting the team's roster, mainly because of poor drafting. A lot of fans feel, Baalke's firing was a long-time coming. Many of them still aren't happy with CEO Jed York.to read more stories about the 49ers.
Former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci says President Trump should have come out harder against white supremacy after Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"I think they needed to be much harsher as it related to the white supremacists and the nature of that," Scaramucci said during an interview Sunday on ABC's "This Week."
They said that if they were still working in the White House, they would not have recommended Trump make the statement they did.
During the interview, their first sitdown TV interview since they left the White House after 10 days on the job, Scaramucci also told ABC they believed chief strategist Steve Bannon was one of the White House's biggest problems.
"He has to move away from that sort of 'Bannon-bart' nonsense," Scaramucci said, apparently combining Bannon's name with Breitbart, the website that Bannon ran before joining Trump's campaign last year.
"The whole thing is nonsensical," Scaramucci said. "It's not serving the president's interests."
The White House did not immediately respond to CNNMoney's request for comment about Scaramucci's remarks.
Breitbart has close ties with the alt-right movement, an ideology that can be associated with white nationalism. Bannon has described Breitbart as "the platform for the alt-right."
Scaramucci's remarks came a day after a rally in Virginia turned violent, as clashes broke out between white nationalists and counterprotesters. One person died when a car plowed into a crowd.
Trump's response was criticized by politicians on both sides of the aisle for failing to name white supremacist or alt-right groups involved in the protests. Instead Trump condemned the "egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
The White House on Sunday released a statement that said "of course" Trump condemns "white supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups."
Another pet friendly café has opened its doors in Hamilton. It's the latest restaurant in a concept that capitalizes on the special relationship people enjoy with their pets. My Dogs Café and Bar is adding as well to the attractions on Locke street.
A burglar who targeted two businesses in rural areas for metal has admitted a string of offences.
Intruder Paul Austin stole around £5,000 worth of copper wiring from company Central Power Services in Garstang Road, Brock, near Preston, during a break in on January 2, Preston Magistrates' Court was told.
Austin, of Albert Street, Clayton-le-Moors, Blackburn, also pleaded guilty to burgling Glyn Weir in Bilsborrow, near Preston, for scrap metal on January 15 this year.
Prosecuting, Tracy Yates said: “ Between 8pm and 9pm the offenders, including the defendant, have stolen copper wire from a compound secured by metal fencing.
“An angle grinder tool had been used to shear off the lock.
“Within the compound several CCTV cameras were found to have been deliberately turned around at the site.
Several security lights sensors were taped over.
The 38-year-old defendant's DNA was later linked to the tape.
The court head a Vauxhall Navarro van was seen near the scene.
The same van was then seen on January 15 driving out of a rural lane without lights.
The prosecutor told the court a quick witted resident had rumbled the break in at Central Power Services.
They added: “ At around 9.45pm police received a call from a witness who believe they had disturbed a break in.
“He felt it was suspicious. They followed the vehicle and followed it onto the M6 and M65.
“ It exited at junction 6 and was stopped with defendant driving. The van was searched and scrap metal, mainly alloy wheels, were found.”
Austin, who also admits driving without insurance or a licence, 29 convictions for 48 offences including matters of dishonesty.
A district judge ruled the case too serious to be dealt with by the magistrates court and committed the matter to be dealt with at Preston Crown Court on November 6.
Metal thefts have become more prevalent in recent years as demand has soared in the Far East, pushing up the value of scrap metal.
BOSTON (AP) — A judge on Massachusetts' highest court is stepping into a fight over the proposed sale of works of art by a cash-strapped museum.
A hearing before a single justice of the Supreme Judicial Court is set for Tuesday in Boston.
The Berkshire Museum and Attorney General Maura Healey last month asked the judge to sign off on an agreement that would allow the Pittsfield museum to sell up to 40 pieces of art, including works by Norman Rockwell.
The museum says it needs to sell the art to keep its doors open.
Rockwell's sons dropped their challenge of the sale after the attorney general and museum reached the agreement, which would allow Rockwell's "Shuffleton's Barbershop" to be sold to another U.S. museum.
Others continue to oppose the sale.
Manchester United striker Romelu Lukaku believes they have finally begun to strike a balance between scoring goals and contributing to the team's cause in other ways on the pitch. Lukaku, 24, began the season brightly with a brace against West Ham United on their league debut for United but went off the boil shortly after, failing to find the net in seven games between October and November.
Romelu Lukaku feels everything is starting to click for them at Manchester United, despite the midweek defeat at Tottenham, and they are on course to hit their goals target in their debut season, according to their interview on United's official website. The Belgium international also admitted that they understand the pressure that comes with being a United striker is more than about just scoring goals and, although they have struck 18 times in all competitions already this term, they aren't solely focused on finding the net but helping the team too.
In an exclusive interview with MUTV, the 24-year-old said they simply want to give more between now and the end of the season as the Reds strive to win it all.”It's started really well,” they said of their United career so far. “I think I started really well but then I had a setback for about two months where I didn't play well. But, like the rest of the team, I've started 2018 really well so we have to keep going, keep working hard, improve and get results. It's a situation where obviously I'm a striker first so I think about scoring goals, but sometimes there were moments where I was doing much more for the team, things which would benefit the team, so that's the most important thing.The team comes first and I think I had to find the right balance between sometimes going for myself and sometimes helping the team. I think I found the right click and it's going to benefit the team even more.
The striker is working hard towards winning the match against Huddersfield today as the team finds a sync after Alexis Sanchez joined the team. “I think it speaks for itself,” they added. “I've always been a goalscorer since I was a kid, so I never knew anything else. But, when you play for Manchester United, you know that the team comes first and, for me, it was also an important thing for me to come here because I wanted to play for trophies and fight for trophies and we're still doing it. So that's the most important thing and I'm scoring goals along the way, so it's good.”
United will be looking to bounce back from Wednesday's defeat against Tottenham when Huddersfield Town visit Old Trafford today at 8:30 PM (IST) today. Although the Terriers are currently struggling in the bottom half of the Premier League, Lukaku feels the Reds will be looking to avenge. “They [Huddersfield] can be dangerous – they were dangerous against us [earlier in the season] but we started really badly in that game too,” the striker said. “It's going to be a good game but a game where it has to be a bit of revenge for us because we didn't really turn up there, only in the second half, so this has to change. Hopefully, we can put it right.”
Source: Pravda.Ru photo archive
This year, the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine (the parliament) will not have time to pass a law that would ban Victory Day of May 9. In 2017, Ukraine will celebrate the 1945 victory over Nazism, albeit for the last time, most likely.
The Kiev authorities want to follow Europe's example to celebrate the day of memory and reconciliation on May 8, apparently to make another step on the way to the cherished dream of becoming a EU member.
In addition, the new law is said to introduce changes to the International Women's Day of March 8. Kiev wants to rename the holiday into the "day of struggle for women's rights." Strangely enough, changes in the calendar under the slogan of decommunization have not affected the day of May 1. This holiday still remains the Labour Day in Ukraine, an official day off.
A couple of years ago, the Ukrainian president permanently abolished the celebration on February 23rd (The Day of the Defender of the Fatherland). Petro Poroshenko even "asked their wife not to congratulate them on February 23rd" and demanded all other Ukrainian women should not congratulate their men on the Soviet holiday.
Ukraine is gradually turning into a fascist state. Norwegian publication Steigan blogger wrote about a Ukrainian law that bans communism and glorifies fascism in the history of Ukraine. "The adoption of the law to ban Nazism and communism has stated the equality between the most cruel regime of genocide in the history of humankind and the regime that liberated Auschwitz and helped destroy the terrorist rule of the Third Reich," the publication said.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
ZEERIJP, Netherlands (AP) — When Nienke Bastiaans fell in love with and bought a 17th-century thatched house in a rural Dutch village, there was one person who warned about possible earthquakes due to gas extraction.
"Nobody listened to him," they said.
Now, 20 years later, thousands of homes in the northeastern Groningen province are facing reinforcement or even demolition because of hundreds of small tremors caused by decades of gas extraction. The scope of the problem is forcing the Dutch government to confront the prospect of a future without locally produced gas and lucrative gas tax revenue years earlier than previously expected.
Bastiaans and their husband Tom Robinson just had the entire front wall of their home reinforced — paid for by the gas extraction company — and two chimneys replaced because of fears that another tremor could send them crashing through the roof.
The work was completed shortly before a shallow 3.4-magnitude earthquake on Jan. 8 directly under their village jolted the region and rekindled calls for the government to end gas extraction. The quake — the most powerful to hit the region in five years — triggered nearly 3,000 reports of property damage, including a long vertical crack in Zeerijp's historic church tower.
Thousands marched in Groningen on Jan. 19 to protest the gas extraction-caused earthquakes.
The quakes occur because gas extraction lowers the pressure in a layer of porous sandstone about 3 kilometers (1.9 miles) below the Earth's surface. This causes layers in the sandstone to be squashed together. If this happens along natural fault lines in the rock, it can cause tension and lead to sudden shifts.
"(The January quake) makes crystal clear the deep impact of the downside of gas extraction on Groningen and Groningers. The damage to their houses, the concerns, the feelings of insecurity, but also the lack clarity about when their damage will be dealt with," Gerald Schotman, director of the Netherlands Petroleum Company, known by its Dutch acronym NAM, said.
But the government can't just order NAM to turn off the gas extraction machinery that dots the flat Groningen landscape. Some 90 percent of Dutch homes use the gas and the government has long-term contracts to sell gas to neighboring countries.
"They call our gas extraction 'the Dutch disease,'" said Jorien de Lege of Friends of the Earth. "(Gas) gave us great wealth, because our governments ... got the revenue from all the gas and so our cities have blossomed because of the gas money. And now we've gotten sort of lazy, because every time that we want to change something we realize that our whole society is made out of gas."
Energy giants Shell and Esso — now ExxonMobil — set up NAM in 1947. In 1959, NAM discovered the Groningen gas field, one of the world's largest, with 2,800 billion cubic meters (98,870 billion cubic feet) of reserves. It has been incredibly lucrative for NAM and the Dutch government. In the 2016 financial year, NAM paid just over 3 billion euros ($3.7 billion) to the Dutch government and made a net profit of 526 million euros ($654 million).
But faced with growing unrest in the earthquake region, the Dutch government has in recent years cut the amount of gas extracted. And after the Zeerijp quake, Economic Affairs Minister Eric Wiebes wrote to Parliament to say "gas production levels have to come down" even more.
Professor Tom Postmes of Groningen University says the effects of the quakes on public health are serious.
"It revolves around stress," they said. "We discovered (that people) who have damage to their home initially are not too badly affected. But over time — and especially if they have multiple instances of damage to their home — they tend to get very upset."
They said some 10,000 people have serious health issues caused by the stress.
Hans Warink, whose 25-year-old house in the village of Loppersum has undergone repeated repairs, is one such victim.
"There is so much stress and tension," they said. "The sadness — it's no longer the cracks in the walls, it's the cracks in my soul."
Just around the corner from Warink's house is an empty lot where weakened houses have been demolished. An adjoining street is fenced off so workers can chip away the houses' outer brick wall, strengthen the interior walls and build another exterior wall due to the earthquakes.
On the legal front, an appeals court just upheld a ruling that NAM must compensate residents for the drop in the value of their homes even if the owners do not sell.
Thijs Jurgens, NAM's manager of the Groningen Earthquakes Organization, said the company believes such compensation should be paid only when a house is sold.
"The court ruled otherwise, and we are going to take a serious look at that," they said.
NAM has been compensating home sellers in the earthquake zone for housing value drops since 2013.
An earlier court ruling ordered NAM to pay compensation for "immaterial damages" such as psychological suffering but that is under appeal.
Residents believe their concerns are taking a back seat.
"I think we should close the tap," said Robinson. "But telling that to a multinational is difficult, I think. We're just a series of villages here in northeast Groningen. I don't think we've got a lot of powerful clout."
"People aren't listening to us, haven't done that for some time," they said.
Washington (AFP) - President Donald Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn, who resigned late Monday over their controversial contacts with Russia, is a former military intelligence chief who saw militant Islam as the main threat to global stability.
The 58 year-old retired three-star general -- a slim, energetic figure with sharp facial features -- however had accommodating views on Russia and China, two countries that former president Barack Obama regarded as the main US strategic opponents.
During the 2016 presidential campaign Flynn was one of the few high-profile former military figures who advised candidate Trump, and was on the short list to be the Republican's vice presidential candidate.
At the Republican convention that nominated Trump for president, Flynn delivered a fiery attack on Democrat Hillary Clinton, even leading the crowd in chants of "Lock them up!"
However Flynn's fate may have been sealed when news reports surfaced over the weekend that they discussed US sanctions with Russia's ambassador weeks before Trump was sworn in as president, and just as then-president Barack Obama was ordering new actions against Moscow over its alleged interference in the US election.
Obama had named Flynn to head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2012, but the retired general was forced out in less than two years amid a turbulent restructuring effort and clashes with their superiors.
Flynn's paid appearance at a 2015 dinner in Russia sitting next to Russian President Vladimir Putin especially raised eyebrows, as did their accommodating statements toward Moscow that suggested a readiness to accept Russia's seizure of Crimea and its support for embattled Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad.
"We beat Hitler because of our relationship with the Russians, so anybody that looks on it as anything but a relationship that's required for mutual supporting interests, including ISIS, ... that's really where I'm at with Russia," they told the Washington Post in August.
The main threat, in Flynn's view, was militant Islam.
"We have a problem with radical Islamism and I actually think that we could work together with them against this enemy. They have a worse problem than we do," they told the Post.
- Militant Islam 'metastasizing' -
The son of a Rhode Island banker, Flynn had a professional army career mainly in intelligence units. In the 2000s they served in Iraq and then Afghanistan, where they became director of intelligence for coalition forces.
After leaving the Defense Intelligence Agency, Flynn repeatedly criticized the Obama administration as inadequately focused on the Islamist threat. They even published a book titled: "The Field of Fight: How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam and Its Allies."
In their book Flynn argued that Muslim countries must be forced to recognize and stamp out radical Islamic beliefs, which they say are "metastasizing" around the world.
"We're in a global war, facing an enemy alliance that runs from Pyongyang, North Korea, to Havana, Cuba, and Caracas, Venezuela," they wrote in the New York Post in July.
"Along the way, the alliance picks up radical Muslim countries and organizations such as Iran, Al-Qaeda, the Taliban and Islamic State."
Like Trump, Flynn has also criticized US allies in NATO for not putting enough of their own effort and funding into the crucial western defense treaty.
National security community critics warned that their one-dimensional views could upset well-established relationships that benefit the United States.
They also questioned Flynn's willingness to take money from Russian government-backed groups, and their support for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's harsh crackdown on dissent.
British Universities and Colleges Sport (BUCS) has honoured athletes and officials on a "Walk of Fame".
In the lead-up to its centenary landmark in 2019, BUCS has pledged to create a series of "recognition pieces" at its major events.
The first was the Walk of Fame which was displayed at the BUCS Conference 2017 in Hertfordshire.
Those featured included key BUCS officials and volunteers as well as past and present Olympians and world champions who have competed in BUCS competitions.
London 2012 heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill is among the Walk of Fame members.
A Sheffield University graduate, Ennis-Hill's first senior international competition was the 2005 Summer Universiade in Izmir in Turkey where they won bronze in the heptathlon.
They went on to win Olympic gold in London and silver at Rio 2016, as well as three World Championship titles.
London 2012 heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill is among the Walk of Fame members ©Getty Images
Cyclist Victoria Pendleton was another to be included.
The Northumbria University graduate previously held the BUCS track cycling record for the flying 200 metres and the 500m time trial.
They went on to represent Great Britain and England in international competition, winning nine world titles including a record six in the individual sprint competition.
The 36-year-old also won Olympic sprint gold at Beijing 2008 and the keirin title at London 2012.
Swimmer Liam Tancock is among those who were honoured.
They were awarded the BUCS Sportsman of the Year prize in 2010 after breaking BUCS records in the 50m and 100m backstroke.
They were a gold medallist at the Melbourne 2006, Delhi 2010 and Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Tancock also competed at Beijing 2008 and London 2012 but failed to win a medal.
The full list of names included on the Walk of Fame can be found here.
Tyler Bozak scored 1:37 into overtime to cap Toronto's comeback from two goals down in the second period, and the Maple Leafs beat the Washington Capitals 4-3 Monday night to take a 2-1 lead in the first-round series.
Auston Matthews and Nazem Kadri each had a goal and an assist, and William Nylander also scored for Toronto. Frederik Andersen made 23 saves.
Toronto trailed 2-0 in the first period, and then 3-1 early in the second before Kadri and Nylander scored 4:07 apart late to tie the score in the final minute of the period.
Alex Ovechkin, Nicklas Backstrom and Evgeny Kuznetsov all scored for the Presidents' Trophy-winning Capitals. Braden Holtby stopped 24 shots.
All three games so far have been decided in overtime.
Game 4 is Wednesday night.
The Maple Leafs were hosting their first playoff game in almost four years and coming off an exciting double-overtime win in Game 2. However, the Capitals got the early jump as they scored twice in the first five minutes with both goals coming from their vaunted top line of Ovechkin, Backstrom and T.J. Oshie.
Nate Schmidt, who was filling in for an injured Karl Alzner, got the first one started by rushing into the Toronto zone with speed before finding Backstrom crashing the net across the ice. The Swede beat Leafs defenseman Nikita Zaitsev there and stuffed in a shot short-side.
Zaitsev was playing their first game of the series and first in the NHL playoffs after sitting out the opening two games with a suspected concussion.
They came up short again on the Capitals' second goal, giving just a little too much room to Ovechkin, whose slap shot beat Andersen high from the left faceoff circle.
It was the second goal on two shots to beat Andersen, who had outplayed reigning Vezina trophy winner Braden Holtby in the first two games.
Washington looked crisp and confident early, cycling pucks with authority in the Toronto end. But they generated few shots or scoring chances beyond the goals and the Leafs pushed back with Matthews' first of the series.
The 19-year-old, held without a point in Games 1 and 2, sped through the neutral zone with speed and fired a shot that ricocheted off John Carlson, Schmidt's face and Matthews' body before finally hitting Holtby. They stopped the initial shot, but Matthews hung with it and batted the rebound out of the air to cut the deficit to 2-1.
Washington had a chance to put the Leafs away after Kuznetsov upped the lead back to two with their first of the playoffs 5:39 into the second period, but Toronto's penalty-kill managed to fend off a full 2-minute 5-on-3 Capitals power play. The unit stood tall again a short while later when the club was called for too many men.
Gaining some steam from that bit of special teams superiority, the Leafs pulled back within one when Kadri fired through traffic from the point to beat Holtby with 4:47 left in the middle period.
Then it was the rookie line of Matthews, Nylander and Zach Hyman striking again — their speed and skill proving troublesome all night long for the Capitals. Hyman drew two defenders as they chased down a dump into the offensive zone and, with a little extra room, Matthews pulled the puck out and fed Nylander in front. The 20-year-old, one of three Leafs rookies with 60-plus points in the regular season, was stopped on their first attempt, but followed up to even the score at 3-3 with 40 seconds left in the period.
Toronto held Washington without a shot for the first 13-plus minutes of a dominant third, but failed to score with a pair of power plays. The Capitals finished the period with only three shots at Andersen, nearly scoring when Kuznetsov's shot hit the crossbar.
Hyman drew the power play late in regulation on the goal that Bozak scored in overtime to win it.
A competitive global marketplace demands an understanding of diverse regions and cultures, hence your workforce needs to reflect the diversity of your market. While “think outside the box” has become cliché, it has become cliché for a reason. If your hires are mirror images of yourself, you will be trapped in a narrow tunnel of ideas, an echo chamber of limited thought. Although you may actively seek to build a diverse workforce, subconscious biases may influence your hiring decisions. You want dynamic and talented employees, however, your internalized beliefs about gender, race and ethnicity, beliefs you may not realize you hold, can cause you to overlook excellent candidates.
Numerous studies have looked at how biases affect hiring decisions. A 2014 Columbia Business School study found that men were twice as likely as women to be hired for positions requiring math skills even though women performed as well as men on an arithmetic task. Study authors site implicit stereotyping as the reason. In a classic study conducted by the National Bureau of Economic Research, fake resumes were sent in response to help wanted ads in Chicago and Boston newspapers. Some resumes had names that sounded African American, while others had white-sounding names. The resumes from apparent white applicants received 50 percent more callbacks than the ones that appeared to be from African American applicants. A Canadian study found applicants with non-English last names received fewer callbacks for interviews. Are subconscious biases causing you to deselect applicants who may have excellent qualifications?
Review the language in your job postings
Building a diverse workforce begins with the language you use in your job postings. As an employer, you are aware that the Civil Rights Act prohibits job ads from showing preference in gender, religion, age or national origin. You may even add the “We are an equal opportunity employer” tag to your listings. However, how you describe the job and criteria could attract or drive away well-qualified applicants. Help wanted ads should list desired behaviors, not personality types. For example, rather than state you are seeking an ambitious go-getter for the position — this language may put off applicants whose culture emphasizes modesty — think in terms of behaviors, such as “ability to take initiative.”
Remove names from resumes
If possible, have your HR people remove names from resumes before sending them on to you. This will help you to review qualifications unhindered by bias. If you do not have an HR department and handle the selection process yourself, review the resumes you have set in the “no” pile. What were your reasons for deselecting? Was it qualifications or something else?
Offer applicants a challenge
If an open position requires a specific skill set, require applicants to complete a quiz or challenge to demonstrate their skills before you collect any other information. This could be the first step in identifying talent and weeding out the unqualified.
You will eventually need to meet job candidates in person, but by applying rigorous methods to compare qualifications and purposefully setting aside non-relevant information such as race and gender, you will have a more diverse slate of applicants to interview. If you come away from an interview with the feeling the applicant is not a good fit for your company or the position, do not ignore your gut instincts. The sense that something isn't right comes from your years of experiences. You do want to analyze that feeling though to ensure a prejudice is not the source of the unease, which may cause you to overlook the perfect candidate for the job.
This article was written by Gillian Burdett for CBS Small Business Pulse.
#everydayislikesunday @thekillers #thekillers #kroqalmostacousticchristmas#kroqxmas A post shared by Katie Hornberger (@gkhornberger) on Dec 10, 2017 at 10:44pm PST
This weekend at KROQ's Almost Acoustic Christmas in Los Angeles, Morrissey canceled their Sunday night headlining set due to illness, which was pretty much the least surprising thing that happened over the weekend (the most surprising thing was a brutal kick to the face that Queens Of The Stone Age's Josh Homme gave to a photographer only to follow up with a weak apology). But the ultimate good guys of rock, The Killers, heroically came to the rescue, covering both Morrissey's “Every Day Is Like Sunday” and The Smiths' “This Charming Man.” Watch fan-shot footage of the former above and the latter below.
Killers cover This Charming Man https://t.co/U2jCuGpP8J — youngchich (@christianvzq14) December 11, 2017
This is the latest for The Killers in a long line of covering headliners that couldn't perform, including Kings Of Leon at Firefly Festival and Muse at last year's Lollapalooza. Earlier this year, I asked the band about this, with drummer Ronnie Vannucci Jr. saying the following:
“We come from working-class Vegas families. My mom and dad worked at the casinos, Brandon's parents worked at casinos. We would save up, and we would know about a show two months ahead of time and buy a ticket from somebody or get a loan from a buddy who had an extra 50 bucks to get a ticket. We know what it feels like when bands cancel and we know what a letdown that is for a festival scenario. We thought we could do right by at least giving the fans a little taste and tipping our hats to this great band.”
Later in the evening the band also brought their own tour photographer Rob Loud on stage, telling them “I'm not going to kick you in the face, just come on up here. I want you to tell all your friends that you're welcome here and that any Killers concert, you're safe and you're respected.” While this gesture certainly seemed nice, it has to be noted that The Killers actually don't allow photographers to shoot their shows, and haven't for many years, instead opting for only their own photographer to shoot.
Actress-producer Priyanka Chopra has taken the top spot on Top Actors chart beating their ‘Baywatch' co-stars Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron.
A week after ranking on The Hollywood Reporter's inaugural Top Actors chart at No.2, Priyanka replaced Johnson atop the newest tally.
The Top Actors chart is a ranking of the most popular actors on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube and Google Plus, with global data provided by social media analytics company MVPindex.
The chart's methodology blends social engagement on the platforms along with weekly additions of followers/subscribers. The latest tracking week ended on June 6.
Priyanka, who shot to fame in the US with the show ‘Quantico', rises 2-1 on the chart, gaining in multiple metrics, including 98 per cent in Twitter mentions in the tracking week, reports hollywoodreporter.com.
Johnson and Efron rank at numbers 2 and 9, respectively.
Search
No prizes for guessing who Andrea Leadsom is talking about:
“As you said last week, Mr Speaker, we have a responsibility to safeguard the rights of this House and as Leader of the House I seek to do exactly that, treating all members of parliament with courtesy and respect. I hope and expect all Honourable and Right Honourable members to do likewise.”
The Town of Stony Plain has lifted water restrictions put in place late last month due to excessive heat after a much needed dousing of rain this past week.
On May 29, the Town lifted its odd/even water restriction that was put in place on May 23 followed the next day by the Capital Region Parkland Water Services Commission's declaration of a Level 1 water restriction for all member municipalities.
A Level 1 water restriction limits the use of potable water to only essential services and also places restrictions on fire-fighter training that uses potable water. Watering sports fields, flowers and flushing hydrants were also restricted under the Level 1 restriction.
The news of the Level 1 restriction came after the Town of Stony Plain announced its own water restriction due to low reservoir levels in the town. The Town implemented a two-week water restriction, which they referred to as an odd/even water restriction, requiring residents to only perform certain water-using activities on either even or odd days, depending on their address number. Under the restriction, residents were asked to refrain from watering their lawns, washing cars or excessively using water outside of designated watering days.
“A combination of extremely hot temperatures and low reservoir levels has made this water restriction necessary,” Paul Hanlan, general manager of planning and infrastructure with the Town, said at the time. “The odd/even water restriction allows residents to continue performing their regular tasks while working together as a community to build the reservoir levels back up.”
Hanlan said that the Town's odd/even restriction remained in place alongside the Level 1 restriction.
“We strongly encourage residents to follow the odd/even water restriction that is in place,” they said. “More water is being pumped out of the reservoirs than is coming in. It's imperative that this trend stops immediately and we can't do that without residents co-operation.”
The Tennessee Highway Patrol says that a Clinton man died in a single-vehicle accident Sunday afternoon on Dutch Valley Road.
Trooper Joshua Kennedy investigated the crash, which was reported shortly before 3 pm, and reported that 40-year-old Winston T. Nelson of Clinton had been driving east on Dutch Valley when their Mazda Miata left their lane of travel. Nelson swerved back into their lane to avoid a collision with a westbound vehicle, which caused them to lose control of the Miata, which left the left side of the roadway and struck an embankment. After colliding with the embankment, the car hit an an AT&T phone box and a tree. The contact with the tree sent the car into a spin that continued until it came to an abrupt stop, ejecting Nelson from the car. They were pronounced dead at the scene.
Trooper Kennedy reported that Nelson had not been wearing a seatbelt at the time of the crash and their report indicates that it would have made a difference had they been wearing it. Drugs and alcohol are not believed to have played roles in Sunday's accident, but tests have been requested, as is standard procedure in a fatal accident.
In addition to the THP, the Anderson County Sheriff's Department and EMS responded, as did the Marlow Volunteer Fire Department.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today."
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and "totally disputed in most cases." It said "the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes."
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement "laughable."
Crooks says of sexual misconduct: "I think politicians seem to be immune to this."
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior.
Union Information and Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Saturday said 9 government hospitals in Arunachal Pradesh will be upgraded to e-hospitals. The minister said 200 plus e-hospitals across the country have been turned into e-hospitals. Prasad said Prime Minister Narendra Modi is committed to developing northeast states at par with other states, India cannot develop if the north-east region is not developed.
Nine existing government hospitals in Arunachal Pradesh would be upgraded into e-hospitals besides a full-fledged National Institute of Electronics & Information Technology (NIELIT) would come up here, Union Electronics and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad announced on Saturday. Prasad said 200 plus hospitals across the country have been turned into e-hospitals and assured central government's full support in making nine hospitals – along with the length of Arunachal Pradesh – into e-hospitals. They directed National Informatics Center (NIC) to fast-track the procedure and sought active support of the state government.
Lauding the Pema Khandu government for its initiatives to make governance digital, Prasad emphasized the importance of information technology in transforming the way of life and governance for the poor. “India's Talent – IT – plus Information Technology – IT is equal to India Tomorrow – IT,” they said. Reiterating that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is committed to developing northeast states at par with other states, Prasad said India cannot develop if the region is not developed. He, however, regretted that implementation of Common Service Centers (CSCs) in the state is poor and urged the state government to increase the presence of CSCs, especially at the gram panchayat levels manifold.
They pointed that CSCs if established in every gram panchayat, would transform rural economy and take central and state government schemes to the grass root. They informed that around 10 lakh people are engaged in running CSCs across the country and 45,000 of them are women.
Prasad also emphasized on the BPO sector and suggested the establishment of call centres as it is being done successfully in Nagaland.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
AP
The electric guitar is unquestionably the coolest musical instrument ever invented. All respect due to drums, keyboards, bassoons and whatnot, there's just something special about the guitar that has an extra kind of aura about it. For many, the ultimate in guitar coolness is Fender's iconic Stratocaster. For sixty years and more, and in the hands of icons like Buddy Holly, Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton, Kurt Cobain and more, it's remained the ultimate in both style and substance. Now, so many years after it was first created, Fender has rolled out its coolest model yet.
Fender
Teaming up with New York style brand Supreme, Fender has just announced a brand-new iteration of their most recognized guitar model. The new Supreme Stratocaster is painted in a sleek white and comes will include a Supreme–branded case, strap, and picks. It also sports the Supreme logo on the body between the front two pickups.
Fender
Details about the actual instrument like when it will become available and how much it will cost — a lot — are unavailable at this time, however, if the rush we've seen lately to buy anything with the Supreme name emblazoned on the front of it is any indication, it's a good bet that this limited run of guitars won't last very long.
Colombia's president Juan Manuel Santos says no Latin America country would accept any form of U.S. military intervention in Venezuela and that it should never even be considered.
Santos held a joint news conference Sunday in Cartagena with visiting U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.
President Donald Trump said Friday that they will not rule out the possible use of the U.S. military to help restore democracy to Venezuela.
Recalling more than a century of U.S. military action throughout Latin America, Santos said no Latin leader wants “that phantom” to reappear.
They said a return to democracy in Venezuela must be peaceful, calling America a “continent of peace…let us preserve it as such.”
Pence did not rule out using military force, but they did not directly talk about it either.
They said there are may option available to pressure the Maduro regime in Venezuela, including more economic and diplomatic pressure. They assured Santos and everyone that the U.S. will not stand by as Venezuela “crumbles” and slides into dictatorship.
They said a failed state in Venezuela endangers the entire continent. They said Trump sent them to Latin America to marshal and consolidate regional support for the need to help the Venezuelan people.
Earlier Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo told Fox News Sunday that Trump talked about the possibility of military actionto “give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Venezuela called Trump's threat “reckless.”
Colombia is the first stop on Pence's week-long trip to to Latin America, which includes visits to Argentina, Chile, and Panama.
Pence and Santos also discussed drug and cocaine trafficking and Colombia's so-far successful peace agreement ending 50 years of war with FARC rebels.
In Chile, Pence will face questions over the U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, Chile's U.S. ambassador Juan Gabriel Valdes told the VOA Spanish service. “With or without the U.S., we will continue working in the Asia Pacific to push for an agreement that results in clear rules for everyone,” Valdes said.
They added that their nation hopes the United States does not follow through on the threat to leave the Paris climate agreement because Chile believes that climate change is real.
U.S. trading partner Panama, home to the Panama Canal, established diplomatic ties with China in June, and Pence's upcoming visit comes against the backdrop of a growing Chinese trade role in the region. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Science and Technology
NOVOKUZNETSK, Russia (AP) — Three months ahead of Russia's presidential election, apathy and disappointment pervade incumbent Vladimir Putin's heartland.
Alexandra Chekh, a retired kindergarten director, voted for Putin the last time around in 2012. Now they wonder if they have anything to offer.
"Change? If they could do it, they would have done it by now," they said. "If nothing gets done, then maybe we will need a new person."
A new person is unlikely — the 65-year-old Putin is the overwhelming favorite in Russia's March 18 presidential vote. But the dim view taken by former supporters such as Chekh is notable in a city like Novokuznetsk, part of the Kemerovo region in southwestern Siberia where Putin tallied 77 percent of the vote in 2012.
The city itself lies 4,500 miles (7,240 kilometers) east of Moscow.
Since that last election, anti-corruption campaigner and adamant Putin foe Alexei Navalny has been able to spread their message far beyond the prosperous and educated urban circles of Moscow and St. Petersburg where their support started. But Navalny is saddled by a fraud and embezzlement conviction — which their supporters view as politically motivated — that will prevent them from running in the presidential race unless he's pardoned or some other dispensation is made.
Navalny is pressing on, nonetheless. On Saturday, several hundred people showed up at their rally in Novokuznetsk, a city of nearly 550,000 people that is home to coal mines, metals plants and soot-smelling air. Some at the rally came without hats or gloves despite the minus -15 Celsius (minus -5 Fahrenheit) temperatures.
Navalny focused on the grievances they have been highlighting throughout the campaign: low pay for state employees, the concentration of wealth in Moscow and the Kremlin's excessive funding for foreign policy forays.
Official statistics show the region's average monthly pay as 31,600 rubles ($532), a little under the Russian average. But Novokuznetsk residents think those figures are inflated by officials. When Navalny asked the crowd how much a nurse makes in Novokuznetsk, they shouted "10,000" or "15,000."
If Putin's 18 years in power have induced apathy and a sense of helplessness among Russian voters, that's the big issue in Navalny's view.
Putin has made voters in industrial cities like Novokuznetsk their base, touting stability as the key achievement of their rule. But these days, finding a fervent Putin supporter on Novokuznetsk's snow-covered streets can be hard.
Of seven residents approached by an AP reporter, only four said they supported Putin. None of them expressed enthusiasm.
A survey by the independent polling agency Levada Center suggests that enthusiasm for Putin is in decline countrywide. It found that 51 percent of those questioned said they were tired of waiting for Putin to bring "positive change," 10 percentage points higher than a year ago.
Through their canny, energetic use of social media and YouTube, Navalny has done an end-run around Russia's state-controlled news media, which is the main source of information for people outside of the country's main cities. Demonstrations called by Navalny this year rattled the Kremlin, not only because of their large turnouts but due to the fact they were taking place in provincial cities throughout the country.
Many of those who showed up at the Novokuznetsk rally say Putin does have support there, but nowhere near as overwhelmingly as the last election figures indicated. The real picture, they say, is distorted by widespread voting fraud.
Navalny told The Associated Press after the rally that they are encouraged by the warm reception they are seeing in Russia's regions. They say that proves support for Putin in the places that habitually give them 80 percent of the vote at the polls is "fiction and falsification."
Navalny's activists all over Russia have been canvassing all year on the streets and going door-to-door to talk to voters, despite threats and intimidation from authorities.
"If we can hold such a big rally here, with all the pressure and intimidation, it means that we enjoy at least significant support here," Navalny said after an hour of posing for photos with rally attendees in Novokuznetsk.
Navalny initially laughed off a question about what is going to happen if authorities — when the presidential campaign officially starts later this month — formally bar them from running.
"(The Kremlin) cannot bar me from running if such a big number of people is supporting me," they declared.
But they later offered a glimpse into their plans.
"If they don't register me, people together with me will not recognize this election and we will boycott this election," they said.
A low presidential turnout is something the Kremlin is very wary about.
Fighting apathy is one of the most common theories behind the surprise presidential bid of socialite-turned-journalist Ksenia Sobchak. The 36-year-old candidate has been mildly critical of Putin but faces none of the obstacles that Navalny's supporters do. Many Russians think their efforts are designed to boost interest in an otherwise bland presidential campaign — a claim that Sobchak absolutely denies.
But Navalny probably does not even need to call for a boycott to bring the turnout even lower, because many residents of the Kemerovo region have already given up on the presidential vote.
Sergei Maslyukov, 40, watched their daughter slide off a mammoth mound of snow on Novokuznetsk's main square. They did not go to Navalny's rally Saturday and has not heard much about the popular activist.  They are also disappointed in Putin but sees no viable alternative to the Russian leader.
"The promises they made . they did not make good on them," Maslyukov said. "What promises? Do you think average pay in Russia correlates to the prices? I'm not going to vote for anyone."
It's Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Here are some of the stories we're talking about on ABC News' new daily podcast, "Start Here."
1. SCOTUS short list
President Donald Trump has been meeting this week with potential Supreme Court candidates who will fill the seat Justice Anthony Kennedy will soon vacate. Trump said they would have a decision by Monday, but who's on their shortlist so far?
Amelia Thomson-DeVeaux is with our partners at FiveThirtyEight, and they tell us whom we should keep an eye on.
"Start Here" is a daily ABC News podcast hosted by Brad Mielke featuring original reporting on stories that are driving the national conversation. Listen for FREE on the ABC News app, Apple Podcasts, TuneIn, Spotify, Stitcher, Google Play Music, iHeartRadio -- or ask Alexa: "Play 'Start Here.'"
Follow @StartHereABC on social for exclusive content, show updates and more: Twitter, Facebook, Instagram.
2. A House divided
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been the face of House Democrats for more than a decade, but the events of the last month, including the upset primary victory of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in New York, has only emboldened those who are calling on leadership to clean house.
We ask ABC News' John Parkinson, who covers the House, if Pelosi or someone else will be leading the party in the fall.
REX via Shutterstock
3. The Challenger's survivor
The space shuttle Challenger explosion in 1986 was a tragedy, but a hopeful story emerged from the wreckage. A soccer ball survived the disaster and spent years hiding in a school's display case before eventually being sent into space for a second time.
ABC News' Bob Woodruff, who created a documentary about the ball for E:60, tells us why the story is so unfamiliar and what it means for future generations.
Bob Pearson/AFP/Getty Images, FILE
4. God Bless America
This year marks the 100th anniversary of "God Bless America," but you may not know the surprising history of the iconic song and the immigrant who wrote it.
Author Sheryl Kaskowitz tells us the story of the song: "What you think is going to be a simple symbol of patriotism ... is gonna be a bit more complicated than you think."
One reason why even the crustiest, most-cynical journalists will gush all over the Brizios as if they're too good to be true is that hot rodding's first family is just so doggone nice. Andy and Sue raised five girls and a boy named Roy, all sweethearts. As a TV series, The Adventures Of Andy And Sue would've made your Cleavers and your Nelsons look like sad, dysfunctional families, plus boring as hell.
In this latest episode, watch the Brizios throw a three-day party for thousands in California's scenic gold country. Though bittersweet event posters and T-shirts definitively proclaimed it the “Final, Final Andy's Picnic,” as long as the living legend is alive, their friends and fans will hope—and lobby, unrelentingly—for just one more reincarnation of an event left for dead twice before.
When the Rodfather and Rodmother retired to the Sierra foothills, they left much more than a home and business behind. For the first time since 1966, there would be no Andy's Picnic, the pre-1949 rod run and reunion that traditional NorCal rodders rated as the best of every summer. Who but Andy and Sue served up hot rods backed by live performances from the Ventures or Jan & Dean?
Roy Brizio has a perfect attendance record, starting at age 10. “I've done them all,” they said during this one. “It started as my dad and their Bay-area buddies on a local run open to anyone driving a hot rod. It still feels like that to me. They and Sue made it a point to invite whoever happened to be around to whatever was happening; never excluding this guy, or picking that one. Andy is all about driving, uniting people, and having fun. I inherited all that. It's what our family's about.”
For years after relocating, their Bay-area pals pestered Andy and Sue for just one more picnic, for old times' sake. The couple finally caved in 2012, with conditions: The revival would be a one-time-only deal, Andy was turning 80 after all, and rods must come to the Rodfather, 130 miles northeast of San Francisco. Six hundred early cars and trucks made that trip five years, giving rodders the experience of a unique rod run, a chance to say goodbyes, and the opportunity to ask for just one more, which turned out to be this “Final, Final.”
A crusty, cynical reporter might ask a different question: Why bother, Brizios? The Rodfather turned 85 in September. A bum leg limits driving the 1932 roadster on long-term loan from a fan named Jeff Beck. (“Good thing it's my left leg. Who needs that to drive?”) Sutter Creek's heat hovered around 90 degrees on a show day that started at 4:30 a.m. for the promoters; their third straight day of intense activity, beginning with Friday's banquet for 80 early arrivals, followed by Saturday night's mass feed for 650. Ward and June and Ozzie and Harriet would've dropped long before Sunday's main event.
“Andy likes seeing everybody, bringing everybody together,” Sue explains. “Five years ago, I said, ‘OK, you're gonna be 80.' This time, I said, ‘OK, it's your 85th birthday.' It's also satisfying to know that 625 hot rods will still show up for a pre-1949 run. We wanted to see if we could do it. If Andy said they didn't want to do it again, I wouldn't.”
Ah-ha! Was Sue hinting that “Final, Final” doesn't necessarily mean, like, forever?
“Oh, I don't know,” they say, laughing. “I don't want to say. I really need to recoup. This hot weather's not helping.”
The successful Instant T salesperson, wheel-and-tire wheeler-dealer, T-shirt peddler, asked for the phone at that point, paused a few seconds, then softly said, “Sue will cool down after a while. Maybe two years. We'd have to call it the ‘Final, Final, Final‘!”
The NAIOP Northern Nevada Chapter will host its' Developers Forum, Tuesday, Feb. 28 beginning at 7 a.m. at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center.
Cost is $40 for NAIOP members, $50 for non-members and $60 at the door.
To register or for details, go online at https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2017-developers-forum-tickets-31756499545. For more information on NAIP, go online at: http://naiopnnv.com.
BONFIELD, Ont. — Provincial police say two people have died in a collision on Highway 17 about 30 kilometres southeast of North Bay, Ont.
OPP say a pickup truck and a minivan collided Monday morning in Bonfield Township, Ont.
Police say both drivers died at the scene.
The driver of the pickup truck has been identified as 20-year-old Matthew Menard of Bonfield.
Southwick stepped up to the mark against title favourites Victoria Gardens and brushed them aside in a 5-0 hammering to reach the League Cup final.
Clayton Davis was star man for Suddick and they saw James Fairley score twice, backed by efforts from Anth Ross, Paul Kane and the mighty Jack Quinn.
Richard Jordan stood out for the Vics, who face Peterlee Catholic Club in the quarter-finals of the Durham Sunday Cup tomorrow.
Andy ‘the fire' Place was back to their best as they grabbed a hat-trick to steer RCA Grangetown Florists home 5-1 against Redhouse Last Orders in the Total Sport Challenge Trophy.
Andy Morris responded for the visitors, but the Premier side were just too good and further goals from Shaun Petch and Simon Hepinstall secured their win. Redhouse had Stewart Swinney sent off.
Jolly Potters progressed 5-3 on penalties after a 1-1 draw at The Lansdowne.
An excellent Shaun Smith goal wasn't enough for Lansdowne as Paul Webster struck late on to ensure a shoot-out.
Gary Shemmings' side had the last laugh and converted all five penalties to advance.
Third Division table-toppers Wearmouth CW Juniors had the shock of their lives after Park View turned them over big style in an 8-3 stunner.
Kieran Peverley, Jack Callaghan and Craig Jackson all hit doubles for Park View, with Stephen Saville and Sam Robinson increasing the tally.
Craig Williams hit their own brace for Wearmouth, with Gary Stoker also on target.
Ryhope were helped over the line by their new star signings as they beat Washington New Tavern 3-1.
Foster, Wasey and Hutcheon all scored crackers to dispatch Tavern, with Craig Neal reducing the deficit.
The brothers Timm repaid their faith in local hero Tony Ganley by scoring a goal each to record a rare victory as Millfield Oddies pipped Penshaw Catholic Club 3-2.
Brad and Richie notched before stalwart Ralph Dodd popped up with their usual strike. Jameson and Snelling notched for Penshaw, but the hosts held on.
Shaun Barras (2) and star man Stephen Dixon earned Kings Arms a 3-2 success at Millfield Free Gardeners, who had Robbie Middlebrook on target twice.
Ryhope CW moved off the foot of the Second Division table thanks to a decent 2-2 draw against Willow Pond.
Peter Benson's goal was cancelled out as Callum Redpath and Dean Lavender gave Willow the edge.
But, after the hosts had Stuart Lawrence sent off, Ryhope took advantage and snatched a point with a good strike from Liam McManus
Unbeaten leaders Grange Park once again did enough to come out on top after edging out Myers 5-4.
Shaun Fisk was back among the goals, then Myers had their goal hero, Michael Smith, strike twice to level it at 2-2.
The fastest Chinese deliverer in the west, David Sewell, popped up with a decent effort to put Grange Park back in front, then Dobinson and Grimes made it five.
Lively Myers give it a good go and late efforts from Hodgson and Palmer kept the hosts on their toes.
Pennywell Comrades moved up to second place after a dominant 4-0 win over Washington Athletic.
Jon Greener, Josh Dick and a brace from Martin Kelly downed Athletic, whose star man was Hayes.
It was the usual story of goals galore for The Park, who look to grab the runners-up spot.
Danny Pattison, Fairley and Bryan Norton all hit braces in a 8-1 victory at Board Inn, while McCollin capped a fine display with a goal.
Kyle Lax replied after coming off the bench.
“What the country needs is calm leadership” – UK PM @Theresa_May responds to claims of plot by Tory MPs https://t.co/2LaJmvlIQu pic.twitter.com/fHChMAMzQv — BBC Breaking News (@BBCBreaking) October 6, 2017
“What the country needs is calm leadership, that is exactly what I am providing, with the full support of my Cabinet.”
Shapps claimed they had several Cabinet ministers joining their plot. Put up or shut up time…
Last night the Timeline may have been all shocked reactions and jokes at the expensive of Drake but today (May 30), Drake once again has laughed their way to the top 10 of the Billboard charts. The achievement moves the Hip-Hop titan pass Elvis Presley in the list of solo male acts with the most top 10 singles in history.
Appearing alongside Lil Baby on “Yes Indeed,” Drake finds themselves at #6 on the charts and is their third single to do so this year. Drake now sits in the fourth spot among men chart toppers. Showing more chart dominance, Drake's Instagram caption filled “Nice for What” returns to the number one spot on the Hot 100 chart.
Drake finds themselves surrounded by elite artists and in an album's reach of having the most Top 10s in history, a title that is currently held by Michael Jackson at 29 singles to Drake's 26. Also ahead of Aubrey are Stevie Wonder and Elton John who are at 28 and 27 respectively. Before conquering Elvis, they passed Paul McCartney and Jay-Z.
The Billboard Hot 100 chart began on August 4, 1958. With the run Drake is on, and their Scorpion album scheduled to release sometime next month, it would not be surprising to see them dominate the male side of things by this August.
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue, watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel. Today they help the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist.
Last month, the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa. Them work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB.
"Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work. But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play," says Mathabire.
In Zimbabwe's bustling capital, Harare, Mathabire earned high enough points in their studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy or nursing at university. They chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in their family. In 2008, they were between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems. Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders.
The work took them into some of Africa's grimmest situations. They helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV, tuberculosis, pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe. Then they supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus. After that, they worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan, treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war.
In 2015, they were recruited for their first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders, work that would eventually earn them an International AIDS Society prize. They knew that TB was the No. 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from their previous work, but they didn't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until they read the study's protocol. They were eager to get started on the project.
For two years, Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients, who are more susceptible to the infection.
In Malawi and Mozambique, HIV is the leading cause of death. It is often spread through unprotected sex, and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi's and 24 percent of Mozambique's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death. Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in their early 30s who left a clinic untreated. The rapid test, which analyzes a molecule in the patient's urine with a paper strip, had shown that they had TB. A coughing test didn't. But doctors weren't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man. It hadn't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization's policy guidance. The man died before they could go back to get help.
Their story wasn't unique, Mathabire says. "It's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening," they say. "You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing."
Under normal circumstances, patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB. Mathabire's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results, but the wait could drag on for months.
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care, including tuberculosis treatment, patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits. And more remote clinics don't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals.
With the rapid TB test, sick patients could begin treatment the same day. Mathabire's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour. Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours. And doctors, nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips.
Mathabire also found that patients weren't skeptical of a new method. They really wanted to take the high-tech test. Mainly peasant farmers, they took the words of the health workers seriously. "Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [and opportunistic infections] in a terrible way," they say. It was like that in Zimbabwe too.
The team's findings, published by Doctors Without Borders this year, has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing. It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems, meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients.
In a statement, International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire's research will "support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic."
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis. But their award-winning research isn't the only major event of their summer.
They moved to Falun, central Sweden, to marry an infectious disease specialist whom they worked with in Zimbabwe. True to their early love of fashion, she's sewing their own wedding dress, with glass beads, silk and lace.
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science, culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic, The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian. You can contact them @SashaIngber.
Youtube
It seems like every two days the collective Twitter wokeness hive mind is big mad about a new thing. Maybe some celebrity tweeted out the wrong political opinion, or perhaps a prominent member of the platform's intelligencia was caught being less than the paragon of virtue we all like to present ourselves as being online. Whatever the catalyst for the latest case of online outrage, it's become pretty clear that all this woke trolling still barely moves the needle offline when the news can come down that Lil Dicky and Chris Brown's high-concept, lowbrow comedy single “Freaky Friday” has reached No. 1 on Billboard‘s Hot R&B Songs chart.
That's right, the song that features lily-white, jokey rapper Lil Dicky using Chris Brown as a mouthpiece to say the “N-word” without repercussions — repeatedly — and launched a dozen thinkpieces about the inappropriateness of said gimmick is the top R&B song in the country. While we can debate all day about which of the song's relative merits classify it as “R&B,” it's important to note that a song featuring both smug, casual “I'm not a racist” racism and the spiritual successor of Ike Turner, one which we've all spent weeks decrying online, was catchy enough and popular enough to dominate the charts despite the deluge of online criticism that followed in its wake.
Which begs the question: What's the point of all this online philosophizing and pontificating if the average listener is just going to keep rewarding performers like Dicky and Brown with accolades and more importantly, with plays on radio and streaming services that will translate into dollars in their respective bank accounts? If nothing else, it only proves we have a long way to go as a culture to truly live up to the lofty ideals of conscientious consumption we hail online. It also proves that while we can put plenty of pressure on Starbucks to force sensitivity training on its baristas and various retailers to stop supporting the NRA, our listening habits still have yet to catch up.
That isn't to say that we should give up trying to promote those ideals, far from it. If anything, it only illustrates the need to take these discussions offline, to actually address the advertisers, streaming platforms, and family and friends who continue to support abusers like Brown or smirking invective from the likes of Dicky. It also demonstrates how much better we need to get at explaining why these situations need to be taken seriously — it's more than just entertainment.
Entertainment doesn't just keep our eyes, ears, and brains occupied as we passively consume the sights and sounds of music videos, television shows, movies, and the like. Over and over again, it's been consistently proven that the imagery and stereotypes we absorb inform our worldview and our behavior. No, playing a particularly violent game of GTA doesn't automatically induce spree shootings and carjackings from otherwise docile gamers, just like playing a song from Chris Brown won't instantly turn every listener into a creepy scumbag who stalks their exes online and lashes out violently at any woman who happens to displease them.
TOKYO (AP) — North Korean leader Kim Jong-un hinted Sunday that Pyongyang may ring in the new year with another bang — the test-launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile.
In their annual New Year's address, Kim said that after testing what the North claims was its first hydrogen bomb last year, preparations for launching an intercontinental ballistic missile have “reached the final stage”
Kim did not explicitly say an ICBM test, which if successful would be a big step forward for the North, was imminent. But they have a birthday coming up on Jan. 8, and last year Pyongyang conducted a nuclear test on Jan. 6.
Kim threatened in the address to boost their country's military capabilities further unless the U.S. ends war games with rival South Korea. But they also said efforts must be made to defuse the possibility of another Korean war and stressed the importance of building the economy under a five-year plan announced in May.
“The political and military position of socialism should be further cemented as an invincible fortress,” Kim said, according to an outline of the speech carried by the North's official Korean Central News Agency. “We should resolutely smash the enemies' despicable and vicious moves to dampen the pure and ardent desire of the people for the party and estrange the people from it.”
The address was shown on television mixing video with Kim speaking and stretches of audio only, as still photos were broadcast. It was less than 30 minutes long.
South Korea's Unification Ministry said in a statement that it “strongly condemns” Kim's threat to proceed with a test launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile and strengthen North Korea's nuclear-strike capabilities. It said that the international community will not tolerate North Korean efforts to develop nuclear weapons, and that the North will only face tougher sanctions and pressure if it continues to go down that path.
Under Kim, who rose to power following their father's death in 2011, North Korea has seen steady progress in its nuclear and missile programs, including two nuclear tests in 2016. It recently claimed a series of technical breakthroughs in its goal of developing a long-range nuclear missile capable of reaching the continental United States.
U.N. resolutions call for an end to North Korea's nuclear and missile tests. Kim appears uninterested in complying.
The year ahead could be a tumultuous one in north Asia, with Donald Trump set to become the new U.S. president on Jan. 20, and South Korea's politics in disarray over a scandal that brought the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye.
Kim indicated there will be no change in the North's nuclear policy unless Washington makes a big, conciliatory first move, which, even with the advent of Trump, would seem unlikely.
Trump has somewhat offhandedly suggested they would be willing to meet with Kim — but not in North Korea — and has at the same time indicated that they want China to exert significantly more control over Pyongyang to get it to abandon its nuclear program.
Demands from Pyongyang for the U.S. to stop its joint military exercises with the South and enter into negotiations to sign a peace treaty formally ending the 1950-53 Korean War have fallen on deaf ears in Washington for years amid an atmosphere of distrust and deepening hostility.
Kim is in their early 30s and is now in their fifth year as the North's leader.
Their New Year addresses, and a marathon speech at the May ruling party congress, are a contrast with their enigmatic father, Kim Jong Il, who rarely spoke in public. But they have yet to meet a foreign head of state or travel outside of North Korea since assuming power, and remains one the world's most mysterious national leaders.
Sri Lankan army rescuers remove debris from a buried house following a garbage mound collapse in Meetotamulla, on the outskirts of Colombo, Sri Lanka, Colombo, Sri Lanka, Monday, April 17, 2017. Rescuers on Monday were digging through heaps of mud and trash that collapsed onto a clutch of homes near a garbage dump outside Sri Lanka's capital, killing dozens and possibly burying dozens more. (AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena)
MEETOTAMULLA, Sri Lanka (AP) — Rescuers on Monday were digging through heaps of mud and trash that collapsed onto a clutch of homes near a garbage dump outside Sri Lanka's capital, killing at least 30 people and possibly burying dozens more.
Hundreds of people had been living in the working-class neighborhood on the fringe of the towering dump in Meetotamulla, a town near Colombo, when a huge mound collapsed Friday night during a celebration for the local new year, damaging at least 150 homes.
By Monday morning, authorities had pulled the bodies from beneath the debris, according to a Disaster Management Center report. Authorities were unsure how many more people could still be trapped, with contradictory reports being released. They announced 30 people were missing Monday but later reduced the number to 11.
Disaster Management Center spokesperson Pradeep Kodippili said the number was reduced after adjusting names that had been entered on the list of dead as well as missing.
Law and Order Minister Sagala Ratnayake said the number of people could be between six and 10.
Soldiers were digging with backhoes and shovels, as relatives of the missing pointed out where their houses once stood amid coconut, mango and banana trees.
Those homes now lay in piles of collapsed concrete walls encased in a wall of mud up to 8 meters (25 feet) high and mixed with plastic bags, broken glass and other trash. Bicycles and auto-rickshaws, the three-wheeled vehicles used as local taxis, were crushed or lying topsy-turvy.
In other parts of the dump officials were mapping places that can slide and identifying families that need to be evacuated.
More than 600 of the area's residents were sheltering in nearby schools, while 11 people were being treated at a hospital for injuries.
One auto-rickshaw driver described a narrow escape. They were returning home with their wife, two sons and daughter when they stepped out from their rickshaw and their daughter said the ground seemed to be moving beneath their feet.
"There was a strong wind from the side of the dump, and my daughter shouted that the mound is splitting," Rasika Sanjeewa, 41, said Monday. "Suddenly, one slice of the mound came crashing down. The whole area was shaking."
Debris blocked them from fleeing immediately, but eventually they found a way out, Sanjeewa said. When they arrived later at their friends' home, where they had planned to celebrate the new year, they found it buried and their friends dead — a mother and daughter who worked as daily wage laborers.
The prime minister vowed over the weekend to shut down the dump, which has absorbed much of Colombo's garbage over several years amid heavy construction and renovations in the capital. As the garbage piled up, it began threatening the nearby homes, prompting residents to stage regular protests while complaining of health hazards.
"These people did not choose to live next to a dump. But they brought the garbage in and made this place horrible," said rickshaw driver Dilip Mirmal, 34, whose home was spared while those surrounding were completely subsumed. They counted 23 of their neighbors among the dead.
"This is a government-made disaster," they said. "I have a mix of feelings — of anger, frustration and sorrow. We have been trying to protest and raise these issues, but no one was listening."
Of course, you're going to want to take advantage of the chance to score a cinnamon roll for free because it doesn't get much better than ooey, gooey cinnamon-filled dough topped with a creamy frosting. Especially when you don't have to pay for it! Cinnabon is offering you the chance to score a free MiniBon at participating Cinnabon locations —and even better—they're making it super easy for you. All you have to do is register to receive emails from Cinnabon and you'll get the free MiniBon coupon. Having Cinnabon slide right into your inbox will be no problem. I mean—they'll send exclusive news and deals and even give you a treat on your birthday, so that sounds like something you'd want to be apart of, right? Absolutely! A MiniBon roll is just a smaller version of the bakery's classic Cinnamon Roll, and given the smaller portion, you definitely don't have to feel guilty about taking advantage of this deal.You can choose from the classic flavor or a caramel pecan version. Pair that with an iced coffee or a hot cocoa, and you've got yourself an excellent start to your day, all because you signed up to receive emails from Cinnabon. Don't you wish every company offered incentives like this? You can sign up to get even more deal announcements and get that free MiniBon here Also, find a Cinnabon location near you here so you can take advantage of this special promo, as soon as possible! That's not the only exciting dessert opportunity from Cinnabon, either. Back in June the company announced a new line of blended beverages that are a perfect way to cool down for summer. The Chillatta drink line includes Signature Cinnamon Roll, Strawberries & Cream, OREO Cookies & Cream, and Double Chocolate Mocha and an all-new Peaches & Cream flavor for the summer season.They've reimagined existing flavors to make them creamier and tastier than ever and also added the fruity Peaches & Cream as a special seasonal option. So, if you're looking for delicious treats (some of which you can snag for free!), you've got to head to Cinnabon.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
YPSILANTI, Mich. (AP) -- Elijah Minnie scored 16 of their 22 points in a close first half and Eastern Michigan used a big run in the second half to roll to a 58-41 win over Ball State on Saturday.
Minnie's layup gave the Eagles (13-10, 4-6 Mid-American) a 27-26 halftime lead. James Thompson IV scored the first five points on a 15-0 run and Minnie had six points, making it 56-36 with just over five minutes remaining. Ball State missed six shots and had three turnovers in a drought that last almost seven minutes.
Thompson and Tim Bond both had nine of their 11 points in the second half with Thompson also grabbing 14 rebounds. Bond had seven rebounds, four blocks, three steals and three assists.
Eastern Michigan shot 53 percent and held Ball State to 27 percent, blocking 13 shots.
Trey Moses had 17 points for Ball State (14-9, 5-5).
A vacant former hostel building could be converted into flats.
Plans have been submitted to overhaul Camrex House, in Tatham Street, Sunderland.
The three-storey site in the Sunniside Conservation Area currently has 79 bedrooms with communal bathrooms.
However, under the proposals put forwards this would be reduced to 50 self-contained apartments.
Of these, 42 would be one-bedroom units and the remaining eight would be studios.
A decision on the plans is expected by late August.
James Harrison
James Harrison , Local Democracy Reporting Service
GREENSBURG, Pa. (AP) — A trial is underway for an 18-year-old Pennsylvania man accused of fatally shooting a friend in the face and then taking a selfie with the victim's body.
Two officers testified Tuesday that Maxwell Morton, then 16, showed little emotion or concern about the February 2015 shooting of 16-year-old Ryan Mangan.
Westmoreland County Detective James Williams told jurors "when they described pulling the trigger, they had a little smirk on their face."
Police contend Morton took a photograph of themselves with Mangan's body minutes after the shooting and an hour later sent the image via Snapchat while they played online video games with a teen in Wisconsin.
The defense has argued that the teens were playing with the gun and it accidentally fired.
The judge ruled Monday the selfie can be seen by the jury.
It is an exciting time to be living in the "Biggest Little City in the World," especially if you are a business owner.
With some of the larger companies like Apple and Tesla investing in Northern Nevada, our community is filled with optimism. As a lender, we are seeing several trends accompanying this positive view of the economy.
In the past year, we've seen many businesses taking advantage of low rates, moving from leasing space to buying it, or upgrading existing space in anticipation of business expansion. With interest rates expected to rise in 2018, we are seeing companies that were taking their time looking at various buildings now focusing on acquiring real estate and making tenant improvements to suit their individual business needs.
In addition to adding space, we're seeing companies using money to update software systems and fulfill other technological needs.
SBA loans continue to be very popular, especially as Northern Nevada is seeing several franchise businesses move into our market, such as Dutch Bros. Coffee and Dunkin' Donuts. Many businesses are moving into the area or are being established by first-time business owners. Recommended Stories For You
The focus is to become more efficient and provide a better client experience, as they compete with some of the larger national companies vying for the consumer's share of wallet, but with a more local, personalized twist.
Manufacturing is also benefiting from the economic boom. Several of our local clients have been purchasing or refurbishing equipment, or purchasing new vehicles. Leases are very popular in this space. For business owners who know they are making purchases over a period of months, we can get them approved for the full amount through a master lease line of credit. As they make a purchase, they submit the invoice, at which time that portion of the line turns into a term loan for that piece of equipment. That way, they don't have to go through the process and hassle of reapplying each time.
SBA loans continue to be very popular, especially as Northern Nevada is seeing several franchise businesses move into our market, such as Dutch Bros. Coffee and Dunkin' Donuts. Many businesses are moving into the area or are being established by first-time business owners.
The SBA offers many popular programs to help first-time business owners, and SBA loans generally offer longer terms and require less money down, which helps preserve cash flow for companies of all sizes. For this reason, many established businesses are taking advantage of SBA programs right now to purchase buildings.
With the announcement of the new federal tax laws, especially the tax reform bill, several clients have told us they are looking to increase their staff within the next year. In the past, they could not afford to add new employees. This not only benefits the business, but is great economically for Reno, and draws top talent to our state. Other clients have been inquiring about how to start 401(k) plans for their existing employees. They may be starting to think about planning for their own retirement as well, asking how to start that process after so many years of putting all their revenue back into their company.
We've also seen that some businesses are expanding their reach into new markets. Nevada State Bank recently helped one of our clients, On Command Dog Boarding, Grooming and Daycare, owned by Barry and Tracey O'Dea, open their second location in south Reno. They were at full capacity at their current location in Sparks, and had several customers coming from south Reno. They had the opportunity to purchase a building that used to house a restaurant, and with some tenant improvements, opened for business this January.
These upward trends were noted last year in Nevada State Bank's Small Business Survey. When small business owners from throughout Nevada were asked if they were planning to apply for a loan, credit line or other type of financing over the next 12 months, nearly one-third of the respondents said "yes," with nearly three-quarters feeling confident their business revenues or sales would increase during the same time period.
As we enter 2018, it's rewarding to see us increasing our lending in so many areas.
Personally, I love Northern Nevada, and as other companies from surrounding states look to relocate or add another location here, we are becoming a premier place to work and live.
Jana Benton is a SVP, Business Banking North Sales Manager/Portfolio Manager at Nevada State Bank. They can be reached at jana.benton@nsbank.com or 775-688-6981.
Transcript for Trump welcomes French president, first lady to the White House
Prison grown mrs. ground. Members of the French delegation. And distinguished guests. Welcome to the White House. Mr. President Milan and I were honored. To visit your majestic country last summer now we are thrilled to host you. And re G here. In America. The wonderful friendship. We have developed. Over the last year is a testament to the enduring friendship. That binds our two nations. It is truly fit it. That we are holding our first official state visit. With the leader of America's oldest. Ally. The proud nation. Conference. Your visit Mr. President comes at a critical time for our alliance. Along with our British friends the United States and France recently took decisive action in response. To the Syrian regime's use of chemical weapons. I want to personally thank president grown. The French military in the French people for this day this partnership. They were absolutely incredible thank you very much Mr. President thank you. The long friendship between the United States and France began 241. Years ago this month. When a nineteen year old friend. Named to Lafayette. Set sail to John in America's fight for independence. They quickly won the trust of George Washington fort bravely in the battle. And helped secure the eight of France for the American clause decades later president Andrew Jackson wrote. That the memory of Lafayette. Will be second only to that of Washington. In the hearts. Of the American people. How are too great republics linked together by the time this bonds of history. Culture and guest and we are people who cherish our values protect our civilization. And recognize the image of god and every human soul. This legacy is made us who we are and given us what we hold dear the blessings of faith and freedom. The marvels of art and science the love of family and community and the defense of home. And country. President a grown people of France people of America now is the time force shrank. So let us be strong to let us be united at. Let us honor our past and face our future with confidence. And with them hot. And let the United States and France and forever. In solidarity. For the noble cause. Of liberty. And peace. Thank you very much.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 26-8-2 23-11-2 15-7-2 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 25-7-5 20-10-4 15-5-2 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 25-8-2 18-14-5 13-6-3 Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 25-9-2 16-15-5 13-7-3 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 26-8-1 15-18-4 15-6-1 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 24-11-2 16-17-3 13-10-3 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 18-13-6 19-12-5 11-7-5 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 18-14-3 19-13-5 12-9-1 Florida 70 36 27 7 79 212 216 22-11-3 14-16-4 13-6-2 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 16-14-6 15-16-5 9-10-5 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 20-13-4 12-19-4 9-8-3 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 16-14-4 14-18-6 10-12-2 Montreal 73 26 35 12 64 182 232 17-12-8 9-23-4 10-9-5 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 15-14-6 11-20-5 8-11-4 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 13-14-8 13-21-3 6-13-4 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 11-21-5 12-16-7 10-8-3 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 25-7-4 23-7-6 17-4-2 Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 25-9-2 21-12-3 17-3-2 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 26-7-2 17-12-8 13-8-2 Minnesota 73 41 24 8 90 227 210 24-6-7 17-18-1 11-11-0 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 21-11-3 19-12-6 19-4-3 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 25-9-2 14-16-6 10-10-3 Los Angeles 73 40 27 6 86 211 184 19-14-3 21-13-3 11-10-4 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 22-10-5 15-14-7 11-6-7 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 24-10-3 14-17-5 11-13-0 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 21-15-0 18-13-5 10-10-3 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 15-17-4 20-11-6 10-9-3 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 17-15-4 13-19-5 7-10-3 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 16-17-3 15-19-2 13-9-1 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 12-18-6 13-20-3 6-16-1 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228 14-20-4 9-17-7 7-10-6
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida 2, Montreal 0
Los Angeles 4, Minnesota 3, OT
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
Enraged for presenting temple honours to an upper-caste family, 2 Dalits were killed and 6 others were severely injured in an attack in Tamil Nadu's Sivaganga district by Upper-caste Hindus. A mob of 15 men brutally assaulted Dalit villagers on Monday night, May 28, in the attack their houses were also damaged.
On May 25, an upper-caste family was not presented honours at the Kachanatham temple festival. On the next day, an upper-caste man, named Chandrakumar (45), abused two Dalits for sitting cross-legged in front of him.
In another gruesome attack, in Kachanatham village of Tamil Nadu's Sivaganga district, 2 Dalits were killed and 6 others were seriously injured by Upper-caste Hindu men, who were ‘enraged' at Dalits as they did not present temple honours to an upper-caste family, and found a Dalit man sitting cross-legged in front of upper-caste men, reported the wire on Wednesday, May 30. A mob of 15 men brutally assaulted Dalit villagers on Monday night, May 28, in the attack their houses were also damaged. Among them, Arumugam (65) and Shanmuganathan (20) died on their way to the hospital, and one of the injured men is in critical condition.
No women were attacked in the incident. Only those who tried to stop the group suffered minor injuries, but those injuries had deep cuts on their bodies, a senior police officer told Indian Express. According to one of the villagers who are currently accompanying the injured being treated at Government Rajaji Hospital, many complaints had been lodged about Dalits facing innumerable threats but so far nothing has been done about them. “Even if we file a complaint, police will settle it in a kangaroo court without registering a case or taking action.” said the village.
ALSO READ: Man attacks Rajasthan priest over fake WhatsApp message about President Kovind's entry into Pushkar temple
The police have taken into custody 5 among the accused while the other 5 have surrendered before a Madurai court, Ramanathapuram SP Omprakash Meena said. Following the incident, over 100 villagers protested at Panagal Road in Madurai on Tuesday, demanding justice for those killed and injured.
According to a report published by The Hindu, on May 25, an upper-caste family was not presented honours at the Kachanatham temple festival. On the next day, an upper-caste man, named Chandrakumar (45), abused two Dalits for sitting cross-legged in front of him. After receiving a complaint, police reportedly booked Chandrakumar under Section 294 (b), (uttering obscene words) of the Indian Penal Code (IP).
ALSO READ: Bharat Bandh: BJP's Giriraj Jatav, BSP leader arrested for inciting violence
ALSO READ: Modi says their rivals can't digest that people from backward castes are ruling the country
For all the latest Regional News, download NewsX App
There are the regular Philadelphia Eagles fans and then, there are the diehards like Barry "The Hatchet" Vagnoni, who calls themselves a "whack job."
"Some people collect cars. Some people collect coins. I'm into Philadelphia Eagles. That's what I love. That's my passion," they told ABC News. "Till the day I die, I will always be a Philadelphia Eagles fan. ... This is my love. Other than my family, this is my love."
ABC
The Reading, Pennsylvania, father of two and grandfather of six has been an Eagles fan since 1954. In 1960, they and their father were watching, eyes peeled to the family TV, as the Eagles won the world championship against the Green Bay Packers.
Vagnoni called the victory "one of the happiest days of my life."
For him, Eagles game day is truly a family affair and this Sunday's Super Bowl festivities will be no different.
They and Dawn, their wife of 56 years, typically entertain 125 to 175 people in their 2,000-square-foot, locker-room-type man cave.The 2,000 square-foot space features a 35-foot bar and 16 televisions where guests can watch the game from anywhere, including the bathrooms. Those who attend are known as "locker-room members," mostly friends and family who must wear a special pass and comply with family-friendly rules.
"Naturally only Philadelphia Eagles fans allowed" Vagnoni told ABC News. "You must wear Eagles gear. No exceptions. No smoking in the locker room. No foul language in the locker room."
Barry Vagnoni keeps the crowd pumped from their perch on a stage, leading cheers, changing costumes and even beating a drum.
ABC
They added the room 13 years ago, and said they were inspired to build the addition after watching the Kevin Costner movie "Field of Dreams."
The locker room is a basilica for Eagles fans covered with team memorabilia from floor to ceiling and on every walls in between. There are signed jerseys, helmets and spikes as well as photographs, mugs and even a section of turf from the now-razed Veterans Stadium where the Eagles once played.
They told ABC News that although they had an estimate of how much it cost to run the parties, they wouldn't divulge for fear their wife would get mad. They said most of the signed memorabilia in the room comes from their and theirs wife's participation in various fundraisers and charitable events.
"It's my life's passion," they told ABC News about the room. "This is the utopia."
On Sunday, they and Dawn Vagnoni, plan to welcome more than 100 people to the man cave for Super Bowl LII, when the Eagles take on the New England Patriots in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
"This coming Sunday night is just, is my lifelong dream to be able to witness our Eagles in the Super Bowl and hopefully, Lord willing, hopefully they're going to get a win," they said.
ABC
They said he'll also be thinking of their late father, especially this Sunday.
"My dad would be so happy," Vagnoni said, "There's not a game that goes by that I don't think, while I'm standing up on stage leading the troops, cheering, and getting every body all jacked up, I think 'Boy, oh boy, Dad, you would really be having a ball.'"
The couple said they are expecting an overflow crowd of fans along with a band, dancers, two smokers and 50 pounds of wings.
Barry Vagnoni said their daughter, a dance teacher, put together several routines for a group to perform during game breaks.
"It's nothing but fun in this room," they said. "It's a lot of love -- win or lose. ... It's just one big party."
“ ” This coming Sunday night is just, is my lifelong dream to be able to witness our Eagles in the Super Bowl.
All of the food and drinks are free for those in attendance. They said they keep a jar around in case people want to leave a donation but nothing is expected. Folks can bring things as well.
Dawn Vagnoni said she'd learned of their husband's obsession the day they met him.
The two were born in the same hospital, one day a part, and grew up together as friends. They said Barry Vagnoni is indeed a "super fan."
"He runs the room. He's the energy in the room," they said. "Everybody loves him."
On game day they work behind the scenes, cooking and preparing the food, guarding the door and taking photos of all the guests to guests. BC
ABC
And though Vagnoni said they root for other Philadelphia teams, they said that none has their heart (and their wallet) like the Eagles.
"You gave me a choice between winning the Powerball and having a Super Bowl victory with my family and my friends, I'll take the Super Bowl victory of my Philadelphia Eagles, any day, any day of the week, any day of the year," Vagnoni said. "You give me that. ... I'll be very, very happy."
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — In a season of broken records and firsts for the Columbus Blue Jackets, one of the most important eluded them again: winning a playoff series.
The Blue Jackets' promising season fizzled out in Game 6 of their opening-round series against the Washington Capitals. They were stunning at times — like in the first two games, both won in OT — but glaringly not good enough the rest of the way. Columbus' power play went to sleep, and the Capitals took four in a row, capping it with a 6-3 victory Monday night.
Blue Jackets goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky made some acrobatic saves throughout the series, but they also allowed a goal or two they should have knocked down.
"We did not make big plays," coach John Tortorella said. "At times, we didn't get a big save. That goes right on through the team. I'm not just saying (Bobrovsky), but the whole team. That's why you're out in six. It's tough in the playoffs. We have a number of things we need to get better at, as individuals and as a team."
There are reasons to be optimistic about the future of this young team. It battled through slumps and myriad injuries to key players, climbing back in the Metropolitan Division race with a 10-game winning streak. It played its grittiest hockey in February and March and emerged as a wild card from a mix of teams that all came on strong to finish.
"I'm so proud to lead this team, but I just want to see something good happen for our team," said captain Nick Foligno, who scored two goals on Monday. "I want us to realize the potential we have in here, and I want it to happen now."
RECORDS AND FIRSTS
Columbus traded last offseason for forward Artemi Panarin, who became the star the team had hoped they would be. They broke Rick Nash's franchise record for points with 82 (27 goals, 55 assists).
They were great in the first three games of the playoffs but went quiet as Washington figured out how to pressure him.
The Blue Jackets sorely need another guy performing at Panarin's level. That could turn out to be Pierre Luc-Dubois, who broke franchise rookie records this season for goals and points (20-28-48). They centered the top line next to Panarin, and Tortorella said the playoffs contributed to their growth.
"At 19 years old, pushed into the forefront as far as being our No. 1 center and coming into this series against a team that's pretty deep in the middle, they handled themselves very well," Tortorella said. "Were there some minutes they struggled? Yeah, but he's 19. It's just a great process for them to go through early in their career."
SPARKLING BLUE LINE
The first-line defensive duo of Zach Werenski and Seth Jones again was one of the best in the NHL. Both set franchise scoring records for defensemen with 16 goals apiece. Werenski is just 20, and Jones is 23. That line should be strong for years to come.
QUESTIONS, QUESTIONS, QUESTIONS
After losing in the first round of each of four playoffs in its 17-season history, Columbus remains the only currently existing NHL franchise to never have won a playoff series.
What can get the Blue Jackets over the hump?
Another elite sniper to complement Panarin?
A much better season from forward Cam Atkinson? The former All-Star was the team's leading scorer last season but missed 17 games because of injury this time and never found their mojo. Other usually reliable forwards — including Foligno, Brandon Dubinsky and Boone Jenner — also were unspectacular.
Will the Blue Jackets pay up to keep Bobrovsky and Panarin? Both Russians have contracts that run through next season but are eligible for extensions in July. Panarin, who made $6 million against the cap this season, will be able to command a big raise.
___
Follow Mitch Stacy on Twitter at https://twitter.com/mitchstacy
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
MADRID (AP) — Six of nine prominent Catalan separatist politicians jailed for promoting the region's drive to secede from Spain have been moved to prisons closer to their homes.
Some observers see the prison transfer as a goodwill gesture by the central Spanish authorities ahead of a key meeting next week between Spain's new prime minister and Catalonia's new regional president, amid hopes for a thaw in relations between Madrid and the Catalan capital Barcelona.
But Catalan President Quim Torra rejected that interpretation Wednesday and stuck to their hard line on Catalan independence.
Torra said in a statement outside the Catalan regional parliament in Barcelona that the transfer is stipulated by law and "is not part of any negotiation."
They say the Catalan conflict with Madrid is political, not legal.
The Philippine National Police has yet to determine whether the case of 15-year-old Emmelyn Villanueva, who is currently in deep coma after suffering a gunshot wound in the head, is a result of a shooting incident or a stray bullet accident during the New Year's Eve revelry.
“It's still early to really determine if this was a stray bullet incident or was there really an encounter or a shooting incident,” Deputy Director General Ramon Apolinario, PNP's deputy chief for operations, said in a press conference at Camp Crame on Monday.
Apolinario said the PNP is “looking at all angles and possibilities” in the case.
ADVERTISEMENT
They said the PNP's Crime Laboratory and forensic experts were currently studying the firearm used and trajectory of the bullet, which could determine whether Villanueva was indeed hit by a stray bullet.
Emmelyn's family said they were watching a fireworks display near a basketball court on Sacristia Street in Barangay San Agustin when they suddenly fell to the ground.
It was only when they were brought to Jose Reyes Memorial Medical Center in Sta. Cruz, Manila, when their family found out that a bullet struck them
But the Northern Police District, which has jurisdiction over Malabon City, clarified that there was a gunman who fired the bullet deliberately. Villanueva, however, was not the target.
The Malabon police said the area where the gunman was probably standing was roughly 500 meters away from Villanueva's position.
Asked if it was possible that a bullet half a kilometer away from Villanueva could reach her, Apolinario said it depends on the bullet's trajectory, the terrain and the kind of firearm used.
“‘Yung ganong information should altogether be evaluated kung talagang aabot ‘yung bala, what kind of firearm or pistol that can reach 500 meters. May umaabot na baril na ganyan up to 1 kilometer pa,” they said.
As credit card rewards rates and bonuses skyrocket in value, they've fattened the wallets of many creditworthy consumers. But one group especially can benefit from these ever-growing offers: millennials.
For folks in their 20s to mid-30s, credit card rewards can trim expenses and make travel affordable at a time when income often flows to other financial priorities.
"Without miles and points, I probably wouldn't have gone on half the (trips) I've gone on," says Deric Poldberg, 26, of Carter Lake, Iowa, who works as a banker. As the founder of the award travel blog PassengerPoldberg.com, they often use rewards to book ambitious international getaways.
It's generally easy to come out ahead on credit card reward offers, as Poldberg has, if you can manage your spending well and pay down your balances every month to avoid interest. If that's doable, those rewards are well worth your attention.
REWARDS OFFER FINANCIAL WIGGLE ROOM
Starting out on your own is often a financial juggling act. Suddenly, your paycheck might be going to student loans, rent and an emergency fund, leaving little left over. Rewards earned on credit cards offer some financial breathing room, and they don't necessarily have to cost you.
Sign-up bonuses earned on cards with no annual fees, for example, are often worth $150 or $200. If those rewards come in the form of cash back, that's enough to cover a few date nights, a week of groceries or a new piece of furniture. You'll also earn ongoing rewards when using a rewards card — whether it's a cash-back or travel card — often getting about 1 to 2 percent back on each purchase.
"Just having that extra . designated amount of money that allows you to do things you normally wouldn't do, I think, is really beneficial," says Britany Ederveen, 27, a high school English teacher in Parker, Colorado , who blogs about travel and other topics. They carry a card that earns flexible rewards redeemable for travel, among other things.
TRAVEL BECOMES MORE AFFORDABLE
For many millennials, travel is a part of life, and rewards earned on a credit card can trim expenses significantly. Ederveen, for example, recently used their credit card points to cover hotel stays when visiting Germany and Austria with their boyfriend, making the trip much more affordable.
Points and miles can even come in handy for those who don't go on big trips. Some flexible travel rewards also cover rides on Uber or Lyft, campground fees, train and bus fares and other travel-related expenses. Plus, most travel cards with annual fees also tend to come with large bonuses, often worth $500 or more when redeemed for travel.
Blogger Matt Kepnes of Austin, Texas, began traveling internationally at age 23. But it wasn't until a few years later that they found out how useful credit card rewards could be. On their blog, Nomadic Matt, they write about their travels and explains how to benefit from these rewards programs .
"I realized, 'I've been flying around the world and not collecting any points and miles. I'm a huge idiot,'" says Kepnes, now 36. "So I really started investigating the points and miles system." They recommend putting everyday spending on a rewards credit card if you can qualify for one.
MORE FLEXIBILITY, MORE OPPORTUNITIES
You might not have a plump savings account as a millennial, but time is often on your side. And in the world of credit card rewards, that can be an enormous advantage, especially for young people willing to jump through a few hoops .
"When you're young, you don't have as many obligations. You're a little more apt to take a trip over a long weekend to another country," says Poldberg. In 2016, they and their girlfriend did just that when they traveled to Paris with rewards , after snagging an outstanding deal on the flight.
Even for millennials with less flexible schedules, there are opportunities to score extra rewards. If you shop online and don't mind trying out different retailers, you could earn more rewards by shopping through credit card bonus malls. Or you could maximize a rotating rewards category on a card by timing a large purchase for the quarter when you'll earn the most cash back.
It's usually not quick or easy to squeeze the most value possible out of credit card rewards. But for young folks who have the flexibility and willingness to experiment, such efforts can pay off.
_________________________________________________________________________________________________
This article originally appeared on the personal finance website NerdWallet. Claire Tsosie is a writer at NerdWallet. Email: claire@nerdwallet.com. Twitter: @ideclaire7.
RELATED LINKS:
NerdWallet: The secret to optimizing credit card rewards? Be disloyal
https://nerd.me/optimize-credit-card-rewards
Nomadic Matt: How I earn 1 million frequent flier miles each year
https://www.nomadicmatt.com/travel-blogs/travel-hacking-1-million-miles-per-year/
Passenger Poldberg: How I booked my first award ticket to Paris
https://passengerpoldberg.com/home/how-i-booked-my-first-award-ticket-to-paris,2,2016
The Chicago Tribune reports that there were a total of 779 homicides between January 1, 2016, and December 31, 2016. That is an increase of 287 homicides over 2015 totals.
China's population, which in 2016 had 793 million urban residents and 590 rural residents, is spread out over a land mass of 3.7 million square miles.
By 2010, 93% of the rural population had healthcare coverage, but providing rural medicine and timely healthcare to rural regions persist. This is where analytics can make a difference.
"We wanted to take analytics, artificial intelligence and deep learning technologies and use them to better understand different medical conditions, how to diagnose them, and how to treat them," said Kuan Chen, founder and CEO of Infervision, a Chinese artificial intelligence and deep learning company that specializes in medical image diagnosis.
Analytics, artificial intelligence, and deep learning are put into play by analyzing medical images and reports on different pathological conditions, and then coming up with different models and sources of treatment and medical interventions based on common patterns that are assembled from studies of thousands of patients in China's urban hospitals. "These models use deep learning to 'learn' from the data and continuously improve their diagnostic capabilities," said Chen.
The first disease that Chen targeted was lung cancer, with the software being able to locate hard-to-detect or hidden nodules in the lungs that could prove to be cancerous.
Now the task at hand is providing a similar diagnostic and medical intervention tool for strokes, which can especially be useful in rural areas where qualified medical practitioners are scarce.
SEE: IT leader's guide to deep learning (Tech Pro Research)
"By studying the stroke condition of a patient, the analytics can determine what is the optimum time table for treatment, and how aggressively the stroke should be treated," said Chen. In short, the AI and analytics become a second pair of eyes for radiologists against which they can cross-check their own diagnoses.
How important is this?
"In many rural areas in China, there are no trained radiologists who can help stroke victims," said Chen. "And in other areas of the world, like the US, radiologists make an average of $375,000 a year, so they are very expensive."
Chen says that the feedback they get from hospitals is that younger radiologists and medical practitioners rely heavily on AI, while older practitioners prefer to use it as a second opinion that they cross-check against their own.
"In a stroke, you want to respond to the condition as quickly as possible," said Chen. "It might take 30 to 35 seconds in a standard process to generate a report on the condition so treatment can be determined. With our tool, that time is cut to less than three seconds."
The use of deep learning and expanded analytics also expand the spectrum of diagnosis, which can lead to better results.
"In one non-stroke case that involved diagnosis and treatment of a bone fracture and a degenerated area of bone, the standard approach is to treat the affected area itself," said Chen. "With analytics and AI, a system can focus on different areas of the body that are far removed from where the problem is to see if these other areas could be affecting the condition. If it is a problem that is being generated far from the fracture itself, the analytics allow us to treat causes of the condition, and not just symptoms."
SEE: How to implement AI and machine learning (free PDF) (ZDNet/TechRepublic special report)
Here are some best practices hospitals and clinics can adopt as AI and deep learning tools evolve:
Deploy the tool where help is needed most
If there is an acute shortage of medical practitioners in a specific region, analytics and AI can help in situations like stroke intervention and treatment, and the chances for success for patients will improve.
Use the tool for training
Radiologists and medical practitioners must develop knowledge and experience before they can become expert diagnosticians. An analytics and deep learning tool can assist in the training process because users can compare their own findings against what the system finds in numerous scenarios.
Learn to expect the unexpected
You might think you are going to treat one condition and end up treating another. The bone fracture that Chen mentioned, where the system actually found the causal problem in a different area of the body, is a prime example. This is why medical practitioners should keep their minds open.
Never forget that AI and deep learning tools are still developing
Just because a system uses AI, deep learning and analytics doesn't mean that is it always right. Medical practitioners should use these systems as assistants and not as undisputed authorities, because there are some areas where a machine can't be a replacement for human thought and reasoning.
For more about AI, big data, and the latest innovations, subscribe to our Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see:
CHICAGO (AP) — Futures trading on the Chicago Board of Trade Tuesday.:
Settle WHEAT (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Mar 457 1-4 May 470 3-4 Jul 483 1-2 Sep 496 3-4 Dec 515 3-4 Mar 531 1-4 May 536 1-2 Jul 536 1-2 Sep 545 Dec 558 1-2 Mar 569 May 566 1-2 Jul 555 CORN (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Mar 361 1-2 May 369 3-4 Jul 377 1-2 Sep 384 3-4 Dec 393 1-2 Mar 401 3-4 May 406 3-4 Jul 411 Sep 407 1-4 Dec 409 1-4 Mar 416 May 419 1-2 Jul 424 1-2 Sep 424 1-4 Dec 413 3-4 Jul 421 3-4 Dec 419 1-2 OATS (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Mar 270 May 264 1-2 Jul 267 1-2 Sep 269 1-2 Dec 267 1-4 Mar 267 1-4 May 267 1-4 Jul 267 1-4 Sep 268 1-2 Dec 268 1-2 Jul 267 Sep 267 SOYBEANS (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Mar 1000 1-4 May 1011 1-4 Jul 1021 Aug 1022 1-4 Sep 1015 1-2 Nov 1013 1-2 Jan 1019 3-4 Mar 1020 3-4 May 1024 1-4 Jul 1029 3-4 Aug 1024 3-4 Sep 1013 3-4 Nov 1001 3-4 Jan 1006 1-2 Mar 1007 May 1014 1-2 Jul 1018 3-4 Aug 1011 1-4 Sep 1009 1-4 Nov 992 Jul 992 Nov 992 SOYBEAN OIL (60,000 lbs; cents per lb) Mar 33.08 May 33.28 Jul 33.49 Aug 33.55 Sep 33.60 Oct 33.60 Dec 33.74 Jan 33.83 Mar 33.92 May 34.02 Jul 34.14 Aug 34.11 Sep 34.08 Oct 33.73 Dec 33.70 Jan 33.81 Mar 34.02 May 34.03 Jul 34.23 Aug 34.23 Sep 34.23 Oct 34.23 Dec 34.23 Jul 34.23 Oct 34.23 Dec 34.23 SOYBEAN MEAL (100 tons; dollars per ton) Mar 340.50 May 343.90 Jul 345.80 Aug 344.70 Sep 343.20 Oct 340.20 Dec 340.90 Jan 341.20 Mar 342.10 May 343.50 Jul 345.10 Aug 344.70 Sep 343.50 Oct 339.10 Dec 338.90 Jan 339.60 Mar 340.60 May 340.60 Jul 342.10 Aug 342.10 Sep 342.10 Oct 342.10 Dec 343.30 Jul 343.30 Oct 343.30 Dec 343.30
The Ascension Parish Sheriff's Office says the second suspect who was at-large in connection with a fatal shooting in Geismar has been arrested.
According to Sheriff Jeff Wiley, detectives received an anonymous tip that led to the arrest of 22-year-old Javante Haynes Saturday morning, January 14, the fourth and final suspect in the parish's first homicide of 2017.
On a mobile device? Click here to see a photo gallery of suspects and the scene of the shooting
With the assistance of West Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office, detectives received a tip that Haynes was at a West Baton Rouge hotel room. Detectives located Haynes and arrested them without incident.
They were booked into the West Baton Rouge Parish Jail and will be transferred to the Ascension Parish Jail at a later date.
The shooting happened on Carrie Lane near LA 74 in Geismar around 10 a.m. on Monday, January 9. It is believed the four suspects were involved in an argument with the victim, Kermit Jackson, 39, who later died on January 13.
Charges were upgraded to second-degree murder for all four suspects believed to be involved in the shooting after the death of Jackson.
"I think it was gangsters with guns and cars and vendettas and paybacks and all that stuff that we seem to encounter in America nowadays," Wiley said after the shooting. "And, it happened today on a quiet little dead end road in Geismar."
Investigators believe Haynes is responsible for shooting the victim multiple times. Harvey has a lengthy criminal history that includes nine arrests with multiple drug charges, officials said.
Deputies reported Johnathan Darville turned themselves in to authorities on Friday, January 13, while Kentrell Lewis, 26, and Jyvariel Harvey, 20, turned themselves on Monday evening. Detectives also made another arrest Thursday evening of Rachel Bueche, 37, is charged with accessory after fact to second-degree murder in connection to the shooting.
RELATED STORIES: Shooting in Geismar by ‘gangsters with guns'
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Elizabeth (Beth) Leatherman July 25, 1950-April 27, 2017
Beth Leatherman (66) was born July 25, 1950 in Sandusky, Ohio to the late Jack and Nita Leatherman. Beth is preceded in death by their older brother Jon Leatherman.  They are survived by their sisters Kathryn (Leatherman) DeFrieze, Galveston, Texas; Mary Leatherman, San Francisco, CA; and brother Joseph (Stephanie) Leatherman, Columbia, S.C.; and numerous nieces and nephews.
Beth was a 1968 graduate of Findlay High School, Bowling Green State University with a degree in Social Work and received their Masters Degree in Social Work from the University of South Carolina.
They were a dedicated social worker who had a long and influential career in child welfare for Lucas County Children's Services. Later they were a national consultant with the Annie E. Casey Foundation and they were the Assistant Commissioner for New York City's Administration for Children's Services. Beth touched countless lives among the children, foster and adoptive parents and colleagues they met in their work.
Beth was laid to rest in a private service in New York City.
Comments
comments
Amber Rose and 21 Savage have split after almost a year together.
“They are definitely off. They are not together,”
a source revealed last week.
The 34-year-old TV personality and rapper 25, were last seen together holding hands in Los Angeles on Valentine's Day.
Before 21 Savage, Rose was linked to Dancing with the Stars pro Val Chmerkovskiy. The two split in February after about five months of dating. Rose married Wiz Khalifa in 2013 with whom they share a son, Sebastian.
Amber also claimed they were left heartbroken after they and Kanye West split up and that they has ‘bullied' them for the past seven years. They dated the rapper for two years before splitting in 2010.
Keeping physically active is vital to maintaining a healthy heart. However, recently we revealed new statistics which showed that 900,000 adults in the North East are failing to meet the recommended level of physical activity, significantly increasing their risk of heart disease and early death.
In the UK alone physical inactivity causes one in 10 premature deaths from coronary heart diseasel.
So it's never been more important to get your heart pumping.
With the British Heart Foundation's MyMarathon challenge you can complete the 26.2 miles in your own time, whether it's over four hours, four days or four weeks. Run to work every morning, jog during your lunch breaks or run laps around the park in the evenings; you decide the place and you decide the pace.
More than 30,000 people of all fitness levels took part in MyMarathon last year, raising over £1million for the BHF's life saving heart research.
Why not take in the challenge this May and help give your physical activity a boost. Every pound raised could help us accelerate the fight against heart disease.
You can sign up to MyMarathon by visiting bhf.org.uk/mymarathon where you will find helpful tips.
Dr Mike Knapton
Damon Zumwalt started their Northridge-based security company, Contemporary Services Corporation, in 1967 amid safety concerns that revolved mainly around clashes at rock concerts between the Hell's Angels motorcycle club and police.
Over the years the company's yellow uniform, emblazoned with their name “CSC,” have become ubiquitous at most major events in California and across the country. Their security staffers are often the first to respond to big incidents, including major acts of nature, such as tornadoes and wind storms. They work to evacuate large crowds.
But on their 50th anniversary, the company found itself in the middle of one of the worst mass shootings in modern U.S. history.
It claimed the life of one of the company's staffers, 21-year-old Las Vegas resident Erick Silva, along with 57 other killed by a gunman perched on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel.
Zumwalt said they were in Northridge Sunday evening, when they got a call from their Las Vegas manager, Jay Purves.
It was after the “very first volley of shots” that sprayed into the crowd they were overseeing, they said.
“Damon, active shooter,” Purves told their boss.
Purves was rattling off instructions about what to do next, when Zumwalt heard machine guns. They were about to ask their manager if they were OK, when they lost contact.
“My first fear was my manager was shot,” Zumwalt said.
Purves was unhurt. They had hung up the call after hearing on the radio that one of their employees had been shot. They noticed some flashes coming from the window of the Mandalay Bay hotel, but they couldn't be sure if it was only just a reflection. Their first thought was that the active shooter was inside the venue.
Meanwhile, back in Northridge, Zumwalt was watching video clips of the shooting. They say they saw many of their yellow-clad staffers rising to the occasion to get event patrons to safety, and they later learned more of what happened after their manager called them back about an hour later.
“We had several dozen guys helping, making stretchers out of barricades, bicycle racks, carrying them off the field to the waiting ambulances, cars and trucks, anyone taking them to the hospitals,” Zumwalt said. “That was what most of my people were doing for the next 10 or 20 minutes, even while bullets were being fired upon them.”
Their staffers have had to deal with tragedy. One employee was killed after being stabbed in the back. Another died after falling off a golf cart and hitting their head while on the way to break up a fight. Event-goers have also died, including from accidents such as people falling from several stories up.
But what happened Sunday was completely out of the normal realm of expectations, even though they now train regularly for active-shooter situations.
“You can't compare anything to this,” Zumwalt said. “This is like war. When you have people dying all around you like that, that's pretty pitiful.”
Zumwalt said Silva was an up-and-coming member of their staff, and had been supporting their parents and siblings as the primary breadwinner in their family.
“My heart breaks for having to lose Erick,” Purves said. “I had big plans for him, to put them in the manager training program.”
Two other staffers, Jeff Bachman and Daniel Rascon, were injured while helping attendees evacuate. Bachman was shot in the leg, while Rascon took one in the arm while they helped a concert-goer in a wheelchair down from an ADA stand.
Zumwalt has made counseling services available to their employees.
“A few of them have taken us up on that,” Purves said.
Zumwalt and Purves say the event security industry is now back to re-evaluating how best to improve its practices, in the wake of the shooting.
Those efforts began as far back as the 9/11 attack, with clients expecting higher security, but it seems like “this particular incident was an anomaly,” Zumwalt said.
“Mandalay wasn't even on the (event) site, so you don't anticipate that,” they said. “So now those kinds of things are going to have to be part of the consideration for people going to the events.”
“I don't know how they can make things better, unless we sacrifice our freedoms and liberties,” they added.
Purves, who served in the military, said things have become uncomfortably similar to their days stationed overseas in the early 1980s.
“I remember, in the early days, while I was in the Air Force, terrorism was over in Europe and the Middle East, and now it's on our own shores and land,” they said. “It's a shame it has come to this.”
In addition to the “see something, say something” mentality that is being preached to the public, there are other similarities to their experience in other countries, such as more surveillance cameras and tightened security at hotels.
“It's here, and we have to prepare ourselves for it now,” they said. “We always have to stay vigilant. This incident is going to change our industry and the hotel industry forever.”
It was announced Tuesday that rapper Meek Mill would be released from prison, after having been sentenced late last year to serve two to four years for probation violations, stemming from a decade-old case. Philadelphia 76ers co-owner and close friend of Mill's, Michael Rubin, was the first to announce the news on Instagram. Mill's lawyer later confirmed the news."@meekmill is FREE!!! Just left visiting Meek with @kevinhart4real and I'm on the way back to pick them up as we speak!" Rubin wrote Tuesday afternoon.Just hours after their release, the rapper, who hails from Philadelphia, was photographed at the 76ers home game against the Miami Heat.The 30-year-old rapper had been serving time for violating probation, which notables like Kevin Hart and Jay-Z have spoken out against, calling the ruling to jail Mill unjust and part of a larger racial issue. According to The Associated Press, Mill had been on probation for nearly a decade in a drug and gun case that occurred when they were 19.Mill's lawyer Joe Tacopina also confirmed the release to ABC News in a statement that read, "We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge [Genece] Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail. As we have said all along, Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail."Tacopina continued, "Meek is excited to be reunited with their family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured."Mill themselves also posted to various social media accounts, clearly excited about the prospects of coming home and thanking those who had helped the rapper obtain their release."I'd like to thank God, my family, my friends, my attorneys, my team at Roc Nation including Jay-Z ... my good friend Michael Rubin, my fans, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time," they wrote. "While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letter and rallies have helped me stay positive. To the Philadelphia District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice -- not only for my case, but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct.""Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues," Mill concluded. "In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career."After the ruling to jail Mill their past November, hundreds of protesters gathered outside Philadelphia's Criminal Justice Center to call for Mill's prison sentence on probation violations to be overturned.Rapper Rick Ross and Philadelphia 76ers legend Julius Erving spoke at the event. Jay-Z also penned an opinion piece for the New York Times, titled "The Criminal Justice System Stalks Black People Like Meek Mill."
UN Amb. @nikkihaley on cultural shift and what it means for the @POTUS accusers: Women who accuse anyone should be heard and dealt with pic.twitter.com/HLCUpfVNnO — Face The Nation (@FaceTheNation) December 10, 2017
On Sunday's Face the Nation, United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley said the many women who have accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct “should be heard.” The Trump appointee's comments on CBS News weren't the first time for the former governor of South Carolina has disagreed with the President of the United States, but considering the post-Harvey Weinstein climate politics and entertainment are currently enduring, they were some of them harshest.
When asked about this “cultural moment” regarding allegations of sexual assault or harassment against men in power, including Trump, Haley said they were “proud” of the women for speaking out:
“I am incredibly proud of the women who have come forward. I am proud of their strength, I'm proud of their courage, and I think that the idea that this is happening will start to bring a conscience to the situation. Not just in politics, but in Hollywood and every industry. I think the time has come…. Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with. We heard from them prior to the election, and I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
In a followup, Face the Nation anchor John Dickerson asked Haley whether or not the election's result rendered the accusations a “settle issue.” Haley responded, “That's for the people to decide. I know that they were elected, but women should always feel comfortable coming forward, and we should all be willing to listen to them.”
(Via CBS News and New York Times)
New York (AP) — Sugar futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Tuesday:
(112,000 lbs.; cents per lb.)
On Thursday Dec 7, St. Catharines Standard reporter Bill Sawchuk was removed from the Regional Municipality of Niagara building by regional staff, who unlawfully seized their computer and their notes. The story caught the attention of journalists, press freedom associations, and Canadians from Vancouver to Moncton. You can find all of our coverage on the story on this page.
Niagara Region seizes reporter's notes, computer
CAO apologizes for “inconvenience” to reporter
Region's seizure of computer seen as attack on the press
Minister, Ombudsman called upon in Standard matter
Councillors confused by incident with media
Caslin issues personal apology to reporter
LETTER: Freedom of press a charter right
Scientists in space have computers, but they don't exactly look like the one you might be reading this on. Computers in space have highly specific functions. There is no consumer-grade Mac or PC up in space. A lot of that has the do with the fact that laptops in space degrade quickly out there.
But NASA wants to fix that problem by creating new supercomputers, developed in partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise. The technology is being tested on the International Space Station in hopes that the computer can withstand trips to Mars.
Marketplace Tech's Ben Johnson spoke with Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Mark Fernandez, the lead developer for the NASA project, about the mission. Below is an edited excerpt of their conversation.
Related Reaching mars is a hard sell, but not impossible How to get to space without NASA
Ben Johnson: What is the spaceborne computer?
Mark Fernandez: The spaceborne computer is a joint effort between NASA and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. And one of the goals is to get state-of-the-art technology on board the International Space Station and to test it for at least a year. One year is the length of time we anticipate that it will take for a mission to Mars. And we kinda want to make sure that our computers, supercomputers and IT components can endure that trip.
Johnson: I understand that you guys have had a long partnership with NASA. But I think some people would wonder to themselves: The government's computers seemed to have worked pretty darn good on spacecraft for the entirety of the American space program. Why does a private company need to get involved with something like this?
Fernandez: Most of the computers on board the International Space Station are purpose-built for specific functions related to the flight and operation of the ISS. For example, they have a navigation computer and it only does navigation. This one is unique in that it's a general-purpose, high-performance computer system. So scientists can now have a platform with which they're familiar and begin to exploit those capabilities while in orbit rather than bringing all that data back down to Earth.
Johnson: Interesting. So it's not a mission-critical? This is something that might be a little more similar to what they have in their offices?
Fernandez: Yes, absolutely.
Johnson: Does it let them surf Facebook though?
Fernandez: We're pretty nerdy scientists. There are no games on board. There is no keyboard or monitor. This is strictly for crunching numbers for the benefit of the scientist and the community.
MOSCOW — The head of North American soccer says the region's teams need until 2026 at a home World Cup to reach their full potential.
Mexico's traditional round of 16 loss this week left the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Football (CONCACAF) without the quarterfinals place it got four years ago from Costa Rica.
“All in all, I think it's par for the course,” CONCACAF President Victor Montagliani said Tuesday of the region's performance in Russia.
With just three teams at this World Cup compared to four in 2014, Costa Rica was last in a tough group and newcomer Panama lost all three games.
“I think you will see an improvement in four years,” Montagliani told The Associated Press in an interview, though suggesting “eight years is more realistic.”
Elected to lead CONCACAF in 2016, the Canadian official acknowledged the soccer body had too often let down its 35 FIFA member nations.
“Quite frankly, over the last 40 years CONCACAF as a confederation has not really done much to help the federations try to compete at a world level,” Montagliani said of an era tainted by corruption, and leaders indicted by the U.S. Justice Department.
Now moved from Manhattan to Miami, CONCACAF has reformed its business practices and revamped competitions for national and club teams.
A Nations League kicks off next year, designed to raise competitive standards by giving smaller national teams more fixtures and revenue in a two-year cycle.
Four places were added to the marquee Gold Cup, which the United States will host next year with 16 teams.
“Then we will see what we look like eight years from now when we host a World Cup in our backyard,” Montagliani said.
Though Mexico beat Germany 1-0 in a stunning group-stage opener in Moscow, CONCACAF had a bigger win in the Russian capital. Five days earlier, FIFA members picked the joint United States-Canada-Mexico bid over Morocco to host the 2026 tournament.
That 48-team edition will give CONCACAF six guaranteed places — likely with automatic entry for all three hosts — plus two more chances in an intercontinental playoff round in November 2025. Two of six teams will advance, with Africa, Asia, Oceania and South America all sending one entry.
In Russia, CONCACAF was understrength after Honduras lost its intercontinental playoff last November, going down 3-1 in Australia after drawing 0-0 in the home leg.
“It's really important we get a fourth team (in 2022),” Montagliani said. “I think this year it was disappointing Honduras didn't take advantage of their home field advantage.”
Four years ago, Mexico grabbed a fourth place for the region when it surprisingly fell into the playoffs as Honduras advanced directly with the U.S. and Costa Rica.
This time, the U.S. slumped in the final qualifying group, letting in Panama which was overmatched in Russia.
“Like most debutants they saw how tough it is at this level,” Montagliani said. “The team that probably should have qualified four years ago was here this year and a little bit old in the tooth. You're going to see a different Panama now in the next four years.”
So too will CONCACAF on and off the field, the FIFA vice-president insisted.
“Our confederation will look differently by the time we get to '22 and definitely look different by the time we host in '26.”
Theresa May is having called a snap General Election for June in a surprise announcement outside 10 Downing Street.
Mrs May had previously said they would not call an election until the end of the current Parliament in 2020. Justifying the decision, they said: "The country is coming together but Westminster is not."
They added: "I have concluded the only way to guarantee certainty and security for years ahead is to hold this election."
It comes as Labour lag heavily behind in the polls.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Several parts of the 5 Freeway in Norwalk and Santa Fe Springs will be closed overnight to allow concrete to be poured for bridge columns and column footings.for the continuing widening project.
All southbound lanes are being closed nightly in a project that began Sunday and is scheduled to end Friday morning. The closures begin at 11 p.m. and end at 5 a.m., from the 605 Freeway to Norwalk Boulevard.
The work is part of the overall $1.8 billion, 6.7-mile 5 Freeway widening-project between the Orange County border and the 605 Freeway. The project will add a regular lane and a carpool lane to the existing six-lane freeway.
Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Thursday it's unacceptable and appalling that more than 8,000 children were killed and injured in conflicts last year from Syria and Yemen to Congo and Afghanistan and urged combatants to do more to protect boys and girls.
The U.N. chief said in their annual report on Children and Armed Conflict, obtained by The Associated Press, that the United Nations verified 3,512 child casualties in Afghanistan, more than 40 percent of the total and “the highest number ever recorded” in the country.
Guterres said the recruitment and use of children in conflict more than doubled in Somalia and Syria compared with 2015. And the U.N. verified 169 incidents affecting at least 1,022 youngsters in South Sudan, more than 60 percent of them recruited and used by government security forces, they said.
Extremist groups
The secretary-general said the number of violations against children committed by extremist groups — al-Shabab, Boko Haram, the Islamic State and the Taliban — totaled more than 6,800.
U.N. spokesperson Stephane Dujarric said in a statement that Guterres is appalled not only by the more than 8,000 youngsters killed and injured and the recruitment of children but by sexual violence against girls and boys and attacks on schools and hospitals.
“A child killed, recruited as a soldier, injured in an attack or prevented from going to school due to a conflict is already one too many,” said Virginia Gamba, the U.N. special representative for children and armed conflict.
The report contains a blacklist of government forces and rebel groups that recruit, use, kill, maim, rape, sexually abuse or abduct children in armed conflict or attack schools and hospitals.
For the first time this year, Guterres divided the list in two parts, one naming parties that have not taken any action to improve the protection of children, and one listing parties “that have put in place measures.”
​Saudi-led coalition
This year's list, which AP obtained and reported on Wednesday, was eagerly awaited because last year the Saudi Arabia-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from the Saudis.
Guterres put the coalition on this year's list of parties that are taking action to protect children, a decision welcomed Thursday by Human Rights Watch, Save the Children and the Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict.
The secretary-general said in the report that “the coalition's actions objectively led to the listing for the killing and maiming of children, with 683 child casualties attributed to this party, and as a result of being responsible for 38 verified incidents, for attacks on schools and hospitals during 2016.”
The secretary-general said there were 1,340 verified child casualties in Yemen, more than 50 percent of the deaths and injuries caused by the U.S.-backed coalition.
In talks with Saudi Arabia, Guterres said, its government told the U.N. the coalition took measures to reduce the impact of the conflict on children by changing rules of engagement and establishing a team to review all incidents involving civilian casualties and identify corrective actions.
“These initiatives are steps in the right direction,” Guterres said. “Nevertheless, I urge the coalition to improve its approach since, despite these measures, grave violations against children continued at unacceptably high levels in 2016.”
Dujarric said the secretary-general spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia on Thursday. The country's U.N. ambassador has scheduled a press conference Friday.
Human rights groups
Human rights groups echoed Guterres' concerns.
Jo Becker, children's rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch, said: “The coalition needs to stop making empty promises to exercise caution, take concrete action to stop these deadly unlawful attacks in Yemen, and allow desperately needed fuel and aid to reach those in need.”
Save the Children Director Debra Jones said all parties fighting in Yemen “must sit up and take notice and take action, as must those countries that are supporting or arming them.”
“The world must make sure the violations end,” they said.
Eva Smets, Watchlist's executive director, said the Saudi-led coalition is now one of 64 parties listed for violating children's rights and the U.N. must work with all these parties “to ensure these horrific violations of vulnerable children are never repeated.”
[Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Asia
Nebraska Cancer Specialists is dedicated to providing complete treatment for patients, medical oncology, radiation oncology, surgical specialists and diagnostic services. Dr. Ralph Hauke is here to tell us more today about Immunotherapy.
Nebraska Cancer Specialists
DENVER — The San Francisco Giants placed right-hander Jeff Samardzija on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness.
Samardzija left their start Tuesday after throwing 23 pitches and giving up two runs in the first inning. He's 1-4 with a 6.56 ERA this season.
The 33-year-old Samardzija said the shoulder ailment is one that "comes and goes. It's one of those things, where you have to deal with it."
To take their place on the roster, the Giants recalled righty Tyler Beede from Triple-A Sacramento. Beede made two starts with San Francisco in April, going 0-1 with a 8.22 ERA.
MOUNT PLEASANT, Wis. (AP) — Property owners in southeastern Wisconsin who believe they won't be fully compensated for land Foxconn Technology Group needs to build a $10 billion plant are appealing a ruling dismissing their case.
A dozen property owners filed a federal lawsuit in January alleging the village of Mount Pleasant's use of eminent domain is unconstitutional because it is for private rather than public benefit. They say the offers for their properties are too low.
A federal judge dismissed the suit this month, calling it "not cognizable."
The Journal Times reports that the property owners' attorney filed the appeal Tuesday.
An attorney for the village says the legal appeal won't stop the project.
The Taiwanese company's plant will manufacture advanced liquid crystal display panels.
___
Information from: The Journal Times, http://www.journaltimes.com
Cameron shares this latest update from the campaign to save Ryde Arena. Ed
The trauma began one year ago today, when AEW UK called in the bailiffs, changed the locks and shut the Community out. In response to this, we formed Ryde Arena Community Action Group, fighting back through solidarity which we first demonstrated joining together for our ‘ring around the rink'.
Most Islanders have fond memories of our ice rink, either through skating, playing or watching ice hockey, attending Christmas shows, rallies or concerts.
Users of the Arena
At the time of closing, the rink was home to four Senior Hockey teams; The Raiders and Buccaneers (who were semi-professionals) and the Vikings and Hawks.
In addition there were four Junior Hockey teams, five Synchronised Skating teams and the Isle of Wight Ice Dance and Figure Skating Club. The loss to the wider Community has been painfully felt; skaters as young as 18 moths used the Arena, not to mention wheelchair users and the elderly – some of whom had hip or knee replacements!
A minimum of eight schools used the ice rink for PE or extracurricular activities, English and foreign students and visitors loved the rink just as much as we did.
Beyond politics
Cameron Palin (RACAG member) said,
“We have our MP and every representative of the Isle of Wight Council supporting us, regardless of political perspective. “Politicians don't come together often, but this is beyond politics – this is for our Island!”
‘Asset of Community Value'
The Arena was secured as an ‘Asset of Community Value' by RACAG earlier this year, AEW UK's response was to market the Arena for £3.5 million – an insult to that Community.
The Isle of Wight Council's own valuation of £750,000 doesn't allow for the serious dilapidation since AEW took over the lease.
We currently have representatives from the Isle of Wight Council, Bob Seely MP and members of our Committee in talks with AEW UK to find a resolution to the situation. We remain positive that the Arena will in time, be fully restored and operational as a Community-run ice rink.
Anniversary walk
On Saturday 7th October we are taking part in a one year anniversary walk, 12 km for every month the rink has been closed.
Please show your support and join us outside the rink at 10:30am.
Image: © Laura Holme of LH4 photography
Location map
View the location of this story.
Check out a 4K video clip of Monday's Falcon 9 launch viewed from Spaceflight Now's office at the Kennedy Space Center.
The 213-foot-tall (65-meter) rocket took off from pad 39A and delivered a SpaceX cargo capsule on course to haul more than 6,400 pounds (2,900 kilograms) of experiments and equipment to the International Space Station. It was the 11th Falcon 9 flight of the year, and the 39th Falcon 9 launch overall.
Read our Mission Status Center for details on the flight.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Mexico's top drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is escorted as they arrive at Long Island MacArthur airport in New York, U.S., January 19, 2017, after their extradition from Mexico. Picture taken Janaury 19, 2017. U.S. officials/Handout via REUTERS
By Brendan Pierson
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Joaquin Guzman, the Mexican drug lord known as "El Chapo" who is jailed awaiting trial in the United States, may meet with a relative to discuss ways to pay for their defense, a lawyer for Guzman said on Monday.
Lawyer Jeffrey Lichtman told reporters after a hearing in federal court in Brooklyn that Guzman's sister had been cleared to see him. They have not been allowed any visits since being extradited from Mexico in January on U.S. drug trafficking charges.
Lichtman, best known for successfully defending the son of convicted mafia boss John Gotti, and three other lawyers are seeking to take over Guzman's defense from court-appointed lawyers.
They said that they needed assurances that the government would not try to seize their fees. In the hearing, U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan refused to allow the private lawyers to join the case provisionally while the fee issue is resolved.
Lichtman said Guzman would meet with a family member other than their wife on Thursday, but declined to confirm it was Guzman's sister. They said the meeting would allow Guzman to discuss for the first time how they would pay for private lawyers, since they did not have access to their finances in jail.
A spokesperson for U.S. prosecutors declined to comment or confirm the meeting.
Guzman, 60, is charged with running an international cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine smuggling operation as leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, playing a major role in Mexico's decade-long drug war that has killed more than 100,000 people. They face life in prison if convicted at trial, currently set for April.
(Reporting By Brendan Pierson; editing by Grant McCool)
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — One New York member of congress said he's had enough about feeling defenseless against violence, and carrying a gun in public will be their answer from now on.
“On a rare occasion, I'd have my gun in the glove box or something, but it's going to be in my pocket from this day forward,” said Rep. Chris Collins (R-NY) during an interview with a Buffalo TV station following Wednesday's shooting of a top Republican during a practice baseball game in Alexandria, Virginia.
House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise was left in critical condition after being shot by a gunman while practicing for an annual charity baseball game.
The shooting suspect, identified by law enforcement sources as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois, died following a shootout with capitol police.
“While it is apparent that the shooter was a zealot with an intention to cause harm, it is important that we all be cognizant that our words have strong meaning,” Collin said in a statement. “It's time for all of us, including myself, to tone down our rhetoric and recognize that we are all of one country and all proud Americans.”
The incident highlighted how vulnerable Congress members are when in public. Only the leaders of Congress get security details; rank-and-file members do not.
“Today's attack on Whip Steve Scalise, members of Congress, the Capitol Police, and congressional aides is absolutely devasting,” Collins said. “For those injured, we all send our prayers for a speedy recovery. If it weren't for the brave men and women of the Capitol Police, this attack would have resulted in an even greater tragedy and I, along with my colleagues, are thankful for their service.”
Congressman Chris Collins' Statement on Shooting in Alexandria, Virginia: pic.twitter.com/DZIn8jVwQ4 — Rep. Chris Collins (@RepChrisCollins) June 14, 2017
Two members of the Capitol Police were injured along with a congressional aide and a lobbyist. The assailant died after the incident.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The rival Koreas began two days of friendly basketball games in Pyongyang in their latest goodwill gesture amid a diplomatic push to resolve the nuclear standoff with North Korea.
Women from North and South Korea were mixed into two teams that competed against each other Wednesday at Pyongyang's Ryugyong Jong Ju Yong Gymnasium. A game between the men's mixed teams will be held later in the day.
The South Koreans will play against the North Korean men's and women's teams on Thursday before returning home on Friday.
The games will precede a planned three-day visit to North Korea by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for meetings over the future of the North's nuclear program.
18:45 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 MK Mualem: 'Expel terrorist families - within Judea and Samaria' Read more Jewish Home Knesset-faction Chairwoman Shuli Moalem Rafaeli has appealed to Minister Avigdor Lieberman to carry out the expulsion of terrorist families - within Judea and Samaria. ► ◄ Last Briefs
The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival has announced the dates for its 20th anniversary and how to get pre-sale tickets. The festival is also offering a new upgrade for car camping.
So when is Coachella 2019? The festival happens April 12-14 and April 19-21 at the Empire Polo Club in Indio.
As it has done in recent years, promoter Goldenvoice will put a limited number of passes on sale early. This year you can get Coachella 2019 passes starting at 11 a.m. pacific Friday, June 1.
General admission passes are $429 for the weekend and go up to $504 for the inclusion of a shuttle pass. A VIP pass is $999 and preferred parking (formerly known as VIP parking) is $150.
Sign up for our Festival Pass newsletter . Whether you are a Coachella lifer or prefer to watch from afar, get weekly dispatches during the Southern California music festival season. Subscribe here
Regular car camping is $125 for a pass but for $325, preferred camping gets you in the lot closest to the Ferris wheel (and closest to the festival entrance). If you pony up for the preferred camping, you don't have to line up as early to get the prime spots. Tent camping is $125 and camping companion parking is $60.
The pre-sale is the only time you can do the payment plan for tickets.
Typically, Coachella doesn't announce the lineup for the festival until January. However, the pre-sale for 2018 had a little bit of an advantage since everyone knew Beyoncé was going to be there.
Tickets will be available at www.coachella.com.
Getty Image
One of the biggest stories in all sports in 2016 (but particularly in combat sports) was Brock Lesnar‘s sudden return to MMA from retirement. The former UFC Heavyweight Champion fought for the first time in years at UFC 200, and emerged victorious in a lopsided fight against Mark Hunt, and they did so while being under contract to WWE.
But of course, that was far from the whole story. Much was made of Lesnar receiving a special exemption from the USADA to return to fighting on short notice — normally, fighters are required to undergo months of drug testing before returning from official retirement. Although they were drug tested a slew of times between the announcement of their return and their fight, the USADA may have been aware of a failed drug test prior to their fight, and following their win, they failed both an in-competition and out of competition test as they tested positive for banned substances.
After a lengthy investigation process, Lesnar was fined and suspended from MMA for one year, and their win at UFC 200 was stripped from him. That suspension is now on hold, because it looks like Lesnar is once again calling it quits from cage fighting.
MMA Fighting reported on Tuesday that according to a UFC spokesperson, Lesnar has notified the company of their retirement. Again. If they wish to return to the drug testing pool in anticipation of fighting again, they will still serve five more months on their suspension from the time they begin being drugged tested by the USADA again.
It was unlikely Lesnar was going to fight again in the first place. Now it seems like an extremely long shot. Few people have ever enjoyed being hit in the face less than Brock Lesnar, and they have been getting nothing but easy paydays for the last few years. He'll almost certainly stick with their light WWE schedule until they finally retire from athletics for good.
Malacañang on Thursday advised mediamen covering the ongoing conflict in Marawi City to take precautions after a foreign journalist was hit by a sniper bullet.
Journalist Adam Harvey of Australian Broadcasting Corporation was wounded in the neck while covering the conflict. Harvey is the first journalist injured in the siege.
READ: Australian journalist shot in Marawi
ADVERTISEMENT
“While I understand that you would not shirk your duty in the pursuit of any story, bear in mind that there's no story more valuable than one's life. Take the necessary precautions and stay safe while covering conflicts,” Presidential Spokesperson Ernesto Abella said in a statement.
Abella also urged mediamen covering the conflict “to remain true to [their] profession in delivering timely, accurate and relevant news to our people.”
“After all, part of any journalist's sacred calling is to bear witness to the truth,” they said.
In a Palace briefing, Abella told journalists in Marawi City to “stay out of trouble” as they urged them to be objective in their reports.
“I think they should be as objective as possible and see it in the context that this is basically an action of rebellion. Stay out of trouble,” they said. JE
Inquirer calls for support for the victims in Marawi City
Responding to appeals for help, the Philippine Daily Inquirer is extending its relief to victims of the attacks in Marawi City
Cash donations may be deposited in the Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860.
Inquiries may be addressed to Inquirer's Corporate Affairs office through Connie Kalagayan at 897-4426, ckalagayan@inquirer.com.ph and Bianca Kasilag-Macahilig at 897-8808 local 352, bkasilag@inquirer.com.ph.
For donation from overseas:
Inquirer Foundation Corp account:
Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860
Swift Code: BNORPHMM
McCOMB — Drew Johnson worked the paint and Cooper McCullough got hot from 3-point range as the duo combined for 34 points in leading Pandora-Gilboa to a 64-46 win Tuesday over McComb in a Blanchard Valley Conference boys game.
Johnson finished with a game-high 20 points for the Rockets, who improved to 13-5 overall and 7-2 in the BVC, while McCullough hit 4 of 7 from deep and finished with 14.
Adrian Grubb led McComb as the only double-figure scorer with 11 points, while Caden Schroeder scored nine with a team-high four rebounds.
pandora-gilboa (13-5, 7-2 bvc)
Johnson 7-5–20, McCullough 4-2–14, Larcom 4-1–9, Wauters 3-0–9, Breece 2-1–5, Huffman 1-0–3, Murphy 1-0–3, Schwab 0-1–1. TOTALS: 22-42 10-15 — 64.
mccomb (3-14, 2-7 bvc)
Grubb 3-4–11, C. Schroeder 4-1–9, Case 3-2–9, T. Schroeder 2-2–7, K. Gustwiller 2-0–5, S. Gustwiller 2-0–4, Rinehart 0-1–1. TOTALS: 16-36 10-17 — 46.
Pandora-Gilboa 16 11 21 16 — 64
McComb 9 12 13 12 — 46
3-Point GOALS: Pandora-Gilboa 10-20 (McCullough 4, Wauters 3, Huffman, Murphy & Johnson), McComb 4-15 (Grubb, Case, T. Schroeder & K. Gustwiller).
rebounds: Pandora-Gilboa 20 (), McComb 16 (C. Schroeder 4).
turnovers: Pandora-Gilboa 10, McComb 13.
LIMA PERRY 66
MILLER CITY 48
MILLER CITY — Miller City scored just six points in each of the first and third quarters in a 66-48 nonconference loss to hot-shooting Lima Perry on Tuesday night.
The Commodores, who are now 16-3 overall, drained 18 of 31 shots from 2-point range and went 15 of 22 at the free-throw line.
Perry got a 22-point, six-rebound performance from Jakoby Lane-Harvey with Orion Monford adding 18.
Noah Otto, who hit five 3-pointers, led Miller City (12-6) with 17 points and Mark Kuhlman added 10. Jacob Kuhlman grabbed a team-leading eight rebounds.
lima perry (16-3)
Gardner 1-4–6, Monford 7-1–18, Dray 2-1–6, Whiteside 1-0–2, Lane-Harvey 7-7–22, Glover 3-0–6, Nichols 2-2–6. TOTALS: 23-43 15-22–66.
miller city (12-6)
M. Kuhlman 3-3–10, J. Kuhlman 2-2–6, Schimmoeller 4-0–8, Niese 2-3–7, Otto 6-0–17. TOTALS: 17-44 8-15–48.
Lima Perry 13 17 12 24 — 66
Miller City 6 17 6 19 — 48
3-Point GOALS: Lima Perry 5-12 (Monford 3, Dray, Lane-Harvey); Miller City 7-22 (Otto 5, M . Kuhlman 2).
rebounds: Lima Perry 20 (Lane-Harvey 6); Miller City 27 (J. Kuhlman 8).
turnovers: Lima Perry 8, Miller City 17.
HERITAGE CHRISTIAN 59
OHIO EAGLES 39
LIMA — Andrew VanDenBerghe and Heritage Christian outscored the Ohio Eagles homeschool team in every quarter en route to a 59-39 win Tuesday.
Joe Oestreich added 12 points and claimed a game-high nine rebounds for Heritage Christian (8-7). Matthew Bame scored 10 points for the Minutemen, who built a 31-18 halftime lead.
Nathan Reeves' 13 points led the Eagles (3-14). Trey Manley added 11 points and led the Eagles with six rebounds.
HERITAGE CHRISTIAN (8-7)
VanDenBerghe 10-2–23, Bame 5-0–10, Oestreich 4-2–12, Grimm 2-0–4, Larsen 2-1–5, Ridenour 1-0–2, Schultz 1-0–3. TOTALS: 25-65 5-14 — 59.
OHIO EAGLES (3-14)
Radabaugh 1-1–3, Throckmorton 0-1–1, Manley 5-0–11, Reeves 6-0–13, Klay 3-1–7, Nitesche 2-0–4. TOTALS: 17-43 3-13 — 39.
Heritage Christian 17 14 15 13 — 59
Ohio Eagles 12 6 10 11 — 39
3-Point GOALS: Heritage Christian 4-18 (Oestreich 2, Schultz & VanDenBerghe); Ohio Eagles 2-7 (Manley & Reeves).
rebounds: Heritage Christian 45 (Oestreich 9); Ohio Eagles 31 (Manley 6).
turnovers: Heritage Christian 13; Ohio Eagles 22.
OAK HARBOR 61
LAKOTA 36
OAK HARBOR — Oak Harbor held Lakota to single-digit scoring three of the four quarters Tuesday night as the Rockets posted a 61-36 Sandusky Bay Conference River Division victory over the Raiders.
Oak Harbor (6-13, 5-8 SBC) led 8-6 after one quarter, but outscored Lakota (4-17, 3-9) 35-21 over the middle two quarters.
Tate Smith's 13 points led Oak Harbor with Raymmon Behlmer adding nine.
Lakota got a 16-point effort from Josh Kagy.
lakota (4-17, 3-9 sbc)
Myers 0-2–2, J. Kagy 4-6–16, A. Kagy 2-0–5, Wehrle 3-0–6, Schaser 0-2–2, Gabel 0-1–1, White 2-0–4. TOTALS: 11 11-19–36.
oak harbor (6-13, 5-8 sbc)
Poiry 0-1–1, Harris 2-0–4, Alexander 4-0–8, Behlmer 3-2–9, Gezo 1-0–3, Schulte 3-2–8, McAtee 2-0–5. TOTALS: 23 11-17–61.
Lakota 6 5 16 9 — 36
Oak Harbor 8 14 21 18 — 61
3-Point GOALS: Lakota 3 (J. Kagy 2, A. Kagy); Oak Harbor 4 (Behlmer, Gezo, Schulte, McAtee).
turnovers: Lakota 17, Oak Harbor 10.
junior varsity: Oak Harbor, 47-37.
MOHAWK 57
FREMONT ST. JOSEPH 42
FREMONT — Mohawk got a solid one-two scoring punch from Brandon Flood and Keith Jenkins Tuesday night in posting a 57-42 nonconference victory over Fremont St. Joseph.
The Warriors (6-14) had an eight-point lead after three quarters before putting together a 22-point final quarter to take the victory, benefitting in a big way at the free throw line where Mohawk was 13 of 16 opportunities in the last eight minutes.
Flood was 7 of 8 at the charity stripe en route to a 17-point effort, while Jenkins went 4 of 6 and finished with 16 points.
St. Joseph (6-14) got a 15-point performance from Chris Morrisette.
mohawk (6-14)
Jenkins 4-4–16, Hammer 2-2–7, Dietrich 0-4–4, Flood 5-7–17, Hayman 2-2–6, Dunlap 1-0–3, Klopp 2-0–4. TOTALS: 16-38 19-24″”57.
FREMONT ST. JOSEPH (6-14)
Wonderly 2-0–5, Militello 3-0–6, Foster 2-0–6, S. Harrison 2-0–4, Morrisette 6-3–15, Rosengarten 1-4–6. TOTALS: 16-35 7-16–42.
Mohawk 18 8 9 22 — 57
Fremont St. Joseph 11 6 10 15 — 42
3-Point GOALS: Mohawk 6-18 (Jenkins 4, Hammer, Dunlap); Fremont St. Joseph 3-9 (Foster 2, Wonderly).
rebounds: Mohawk 25, Fremont St. Joseph 22.
turnovers: Mohawk 16, Fremont St. Joseph 18.
junior varsity: Mohawk, 57-42.
ARLINGTON 79
HARDIN NORTHERN 32
DOLA — Arlington led Hardin Northern just 16-11 after the first quarter but dominated the rest of the game en route to a 79-32 win on Tuesday.
Arlington improved to 9-10 with the win.
Zach Wilhelm's 15 points led Hardin Northern (2-19).
Comments
comments
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as they are. They led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," they say. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," they say, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, they argue, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for their husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," they say. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of their family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. They run a clinic that dispenses free medicine to their poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," they say.
They don't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about their nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into their house warning them to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. They hide out here when he's afraid.
They repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but they say the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
They trace it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, they believe, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of their age, but says they used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so they predate Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, they said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is their messenger,'" they say, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, they say, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
Their granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. They say he's proud of Pakistan, which they describe as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for their grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard their grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to their own children.
Besides, they say, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
Episode 4 of Peaky Blinders series 4 ended with Tommy heading into possibly the most dangerous situation he's ever faced. If you've seen every episode of the show so far, you'll know that's a pretty bold claim. The Peaky Blinders are well known for getting into terrifically dangerous situations. If you're not up to date with the series so far, be prepared for spoilers ahead.
Cliff-hanger
Episode 4 left viewers with the biggest cliff-hanger of the series to date. Tommy, seemingly none the wiser, is being followed by a car full of Changretta and their gun-toting goons. He'd just left the hospital after seeing Polly's boy Michael. Michael's strangely ominous final words to Tommy were ‘Have a good weekend'. But the look on Tommy's face says they may well know what's up.
If the revelation that Tommy was driving into an ambush wasn't enough, the camera panned to disclose that Polly is staring after their car. The bombshell that Polly was working with Changretta had already been dropped the previous week. This final look appeared to confirm them guilt.
Polly's betrayal
Or did it? Despite what we have seen of Polly this series, it still must have come as a shock to see them betray Tommy after all these years. They certainly haven't been too happy with Tommy ever since they got the family imprisoned in series 3. Them moments in the noose have left them a changed woman. But betrayal of Tommy seems like a step too far.
There's an interesting parallel here though with one of the other threads covered in episode 4. Mrs Ross, incapable of forgiving the Shelby family for their past actions, was definitely out for revenge. They lured Arthur to their house under false pretences in order for the Changrettas to get a shot at him.
Luckily for Arthur, it was all a decoy, but this showed a character that has not forgiven or forgotten what the Shelbys have done to them Could Polly be another character that really wants their revenge? Or is it more about just protecting their son Michael from imminent death at the hands of the Italians?
If Polly really has betrayed Tommy, then they seem to be doing a good job. Tommy will have a hard time getting out of the predicament we saw them in at the end of episode 4. But this is Tommy Shelby. And even if Polly has thrown them to the Italians, Tommy may just be wise to their game already. If they are on to her, then two things are certain. 1. Tommy will survive the trap that has been laid. 2. Polly will not survive the rest of this series.
What do you think? Has Polly really turned them back on Tommy, or are they still working together for survival?
Read more:
Peaky Blinders fans blown away by explosive series start
(Please be advised that this story contains language that may offend some readers in para 11)
By Steve Friess
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (Reuters) - The enraged father of three daughters who were sexually abused by Larry Nassar lunged at the former USA Gymnastics national team doctor and tried to attack them during a sentencing hearing in a Michigan courtroom on Friday.
The father, Randall Margraves, was nearly within striking distance of Nassar before officers tackled them to the floor in front of shocked spectators including their daughters. The judge later accepted Margraves' explanation that they "lost control" of their emotions and said they would not punish him.
The chaotic scene began minutes after sisters Lauren and Madison Margraves had concluded tearful victim statements on the second day of a sentencing hearing in Eaton County, following similar presentations by scores of other women through previous court sessions.
Nassar has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison for their guilty plea in neighboring Ingham County to molesting young women under the guise of medical treatment.  They are scheduled to receive an additional sentence on Monday for their guilty plea to related charges in Eaton County.
At a news conference with their family and attorney hours after the outburst, Margraves apologized for their behavior, saying they were "remorseful" and "embarrassed" for losing their composure.
"I am no hero. My daughters are heroes, and all the victims and survivors of this terrible atrocity," they said, adding that they became enraged when "I had to hear what was said in those (victim) statements, and I had to look over at Larry Nassar shaking their head."
Margraves said they had never heard the explicit details of what their daughters endured at the hands of Nassar until they listened to their accounts in court.
A tall, burly man with thick gray hair, Margraves said their relationship with their daughters had long been "strained, distant and difficult. Now I know the main reason. The reason was Larry Nassar."
"Now I have to deal with the fact that I failed to protect my daughters," they added.
The courtroom disturbance came after Margraves, standing alongside their daughters and wife, asked if Judge Janice Cunningham, as part of sentencing, would "grant me five minutes in a locked room" with Nassar.
The judge replied that was not an option and rebuked Margraves for their vulgar language in calling Nassar "a son of a bitch" in court. Margraves then asked for one minute alone instead. The judge demurred again as some in the courtroom laughed uncomfortably.
The father then bolted towards Nassar, seated in an orange jumpsuit behind a nearby table. Margraves' daughters' hands flew to their mouths, and one of Nassar's lawyers moved to shield their client.
'WHAT IF THIS HAPPENED TO YOU?'
Gasps, cries and shouts filled the courtroom as Margraves was wrestled to the floor, knocking items off a desk on the way down before they were handcuffed, while Nassar was whisked to safety.
"One minute!" Margraves demanded repeatedly, their head pinned down. As uniformed officers pulled them from the courtroom, they implored them, "What if this happened to you guys?"
The judge then ordered a recess.
The attempted attack underscored the anguish Nassar's abuse has caused their victims' parents, some of whom were present in the doctor's exam room even as Nassar, unbeknownst to them, was molesting their children. Several have spoken in court about the guilt they feel for exposing their children to a sexual predator.
"I failed my own daughter," Lynn Erickson said tearfully in court on Friday, as their daughter Ashley, one of Nassar's victims, wiped away tears.
Margraves' daughters had also described the impact on their parents. At Nassar's first sentencing hearing last month, their oldest daughter Morgan said their father "went out driving to look for them around East Lansing" after news of their abuse broke.
"I'm not exactly sure what they would have done if they saw him," they said. "However, they felt they still had to protect us in the way fathers do for their daughters."
The county sheriff said their office would decide by next week whether to seek criminal charges against Margrave for their conduct. An online fundraising page at the website GoFundMe had collected more than $18,000 for the father's potential legal fees by early evening.
The first of bald eagles Liberty and Justice's two eggs hatched on St. Patrick's Day in their nest above the DC police academy. And now, the world watches closely anticipating the arrival of the second eaglet.Mom and dad are taking turns waiting for their next eaglet to start pecking through the egg.Their nest is located 110 feet up an oak tree at the Metropolitan Police Academy in Southwest Washington, DC.This will be the second eaglet to hatch in recent days.The Earth Conservation Corps is running a live camera from the eagle nest."Liberty, the female, has primary responsibility for incubating their eggs and caring for the young. Justice, the male, has the crucial job of catching fish and bringing them for their mate and hatchlings," said Earth Conservation Corps in a statement on its website.A naming contest is forthcoming, but details about it have not been announced at this time.
Today in Source News Flash: 2 Chainz‘s Pretty Girls Like Trap Music kicked off last Wednesday, with a surprise from the artist. As it turns out, Chainz broke their leg about two weeks ago and tried to keep it a secret from their fans. Despite the “inconvenience” the ATL rapper kicked off the tour from a custom pink wheelchair, determined to bring it to their fans despite their medical set-back.
On Thursday (August 10), the RIAA announced that Future's self-titled album is officially certified platinum. Future's fifth studio album churned out the highest-charting single of their career in “Mask Off.”
DMX was ordered confined to their suburban New York City home Friday (Aug. 11) by a judge who said they repeatedly violated bail conditions on tax fraud charges.
This weekend, AWGE and Midnight Studio's Shane Gonazales unboxed an exclusive new collaboration between OFF-WHITE and AWGE: a long-sleeved tee commemorating A$AP Mob's Midnight Rave that took place in Los Angeles Saturday night.
The YEEZY Supply kicked off this week with new drop, The sneaker, officially dubbed the YEEZY Wave Runner 700, boasts an on-trend chunky silhouette reminiscent of old-school skate shoes and '90s-era adidas models like the EQT Solution, but the product description says this new kick also features adidas' current Boost technology.
James Alex Fields Jr., the man suspected of killing a woman as they allegedly mowed down a group of counter-protesters at a white supremacist rally in Virginia, is set to appear Monday in court via video link.
LaVar Ball, who most recently said they could beat Michael Jordan with one hand tied behind their back, on Sunday lost a shooting contest to rapper Ice Cube with the benefit of both hands untied.
Need to Know: Feb. 14, 2017
Fresh useful insights for people advancing quality, innovative and sustainable journalism
OFF THE TOP
You might have heard: The Knight Foundation and Lenfest Institute for Journalism will invest a combined $4.8 million in the Knight-Lenfest Newsroom Initiative, a program designed to help metro newspapers “accelerate their shift from print to digital, to reach new audiences, and to better engage readers and communities” (Philly.com)
But did you know: The Knight-Lenfest Newsroom Initiative is strongly pushing America's metro newspapers over the print/digital divide (Nieman Lab)
For two decades, U.S. newsrooms have been in the process of becoming “digital,” Ken Doctor writes. The announcement of the Knight-Lenfest Newsrooms Initiative is more strongly pushing newsrooms toward actually becoming “digital” organizations, Doctor writes, by sharing best practices, workflows and tools from national newsrooms with local papers. This project is coming out of the Table Stakes project, which started in 2015 with four newspapers focusing on how to further their digital transformations.
+ API is one of the organizations helping to lead the program, and we will be creating new online and in-person resources that can support strategic decisions and transformation in any newsroom. More to come.
+ Poynter will design a program to guide smaller newsrooms through this process, with training that will include in-person conferences and e-learning (Poynter)
The smart way to start your day Each morning we scour the web for fresh useful insights in our Need to Know newsletter. Sign up below. Sign Up
+ Noted: WSJ editor Gerard Baker defends the paper's coverage of Trump in a staff meeting, saying it would be “fake news” to claim the WSJ hasn't been tough enough (Huffington Post); The Washington Post joins Snapchat Discover and says it will provide breaking news coverage through the format (Washington Post); As Medium moves away from an ad-based business model, Business Insider reports that some say Medium was a “vanity project” for founder Ev Williams (Business Insider); Slate lays off half a dozen full-time staffers and contract writers (Huffington Post); In March, the Knight Foundation will launch an open call for ideas on how to “counter misinformation and help quality journalism become a more trusted and visible resource” (Knight Foundation)
TRY THIS AT HOME
To find original story ideas that will resonate with your readers, look to the ‘white spaces' (MediaShift)
To find story ideas that haven't been covered before that will catch your audience's attention, NewsWhip's Gabriele Boland says you need to look at the “white spaces” — the space between everything that's being reported. Boland gives a few tips on how to find “white spaces,” including: Take a look at the biggest stories right now and think about angles you aren't seeing, look at historical trends about what worked well in years past, and pay attention to smaller blogs and posts from members of your community.
OFFSHORE
Norway's Aftenposten doubled its digital subscribers in a year by changing how it looked at its analytics (Digiday)
“There's been a shift in mentality from views, reach and page impressions to how many subscribers we have and how we can make them happy,” says Schibsted's (parent company of Aftenposten) chief commercial officer Tor Jacobsen. “The culture change we have had has been very important: Daily editorial meetings used to be about which articles drew the most traffic, now it's about which articles drew the most subscribers.” About 20 percent of the articles Aftenposten posts daily are available without a subscription, and it's found that “emotional stories on important or engaging themes” and “pieces that give the user insight on themes of personal interest or personal gain” are most likely to lead to a subscription.
OFFBEAT
People don't trust algorithms, but research shows that people are more likely to use algorithms if you give them control over it (Knowledge@Wharton)
Wharton professors Cade Massey and Joseph Simmons study a phenomenon called “algorithm aversion,” which they define as “the tendency for people to not want to follow specific evidence-based rules when they make decisions.” Massey and Simmons' research shows that people don't want to rely on algorithms because they tend to rely on gut feelings — and showing them how an algorithm works makes them less likely to want to use it, because they see that it can make mistakes. But their research also shows that giving people some control over the algorithm will make them more likely to use it — and at the same time, that makes the algorithm less effective: “The downside to giving them control is they start degrading the algorithm. In most domains, they're not as good as the model. The more of their opinion is in there, the worse it performs. In some sense, you'd like to give them as little control as possible and still have them buy in.”
UP FOR DEBATE
‘Trump is managing the press corps to avoid tough questions' (Poynter)
“Every White House controls who will be called upon at a formal press conference or even more informal press briefing. When it comes to joint appearances with another head of state, there are decisions as to how many reporters from each side's media delegation will be acknowledged,” James Warren writes. “The White House under Trump intends to kill two birds with one stone virtually every day: Circumvent what it deems antagonistic ‘liberal' media and give greater voice to more ideologically sympathetic outlets by calling on them.”
+ The White House gives press credentials to the Gateway Pundit, a conservative blog known for its pro-Trump coverage and for spreading false rumors about voter fraud and Hillary Clinton's health (New York Times); Journalist April Ryan says White House communications official Omarosa Manigault “physically intimidated” them and claimed Ryan was one of several journalists the Trump administration had built dossiers of damaging information against (Washington Post)
SHAREABLE
Facebook is starting to reach out to local newsrooms, offering a ‘mea culpa' to reporters (Columbia Journalism Review)
Last week in Dallas, Facebook hosted 70 print and broadcast reporters, offering a mea culpa to those reporters: “We have not been doing a great job at listening to local journalists and local newsrooms, but we're recommitted to doing that,” Facebook News Partnerships manager Dorrine Mendoza said, going on to clarify, “I shouldn't say ‘recommitted.' I should say ‘committed,' if I want to be perfectly honest here.” At its events in Dallas, Facebook shared best practices and case studies of how local newsrooms use the platform, and answered questions on topics ranging from the news feed to Instant Articles to hands-on technical issues.
+ Facebook also visited journalists in Atlanta, and it will make stops in San Diego and Seattle next in its tour (Poynter)
WAUKESHA, Wis. (AP) — One of two Wisconsin girls who tried to kill a classmate to win favor with fictional horror character Slender Man is being sentenced for their role in the attack.
Prosecutors want 15-year-old Morgan Geyser to spend the maximum 40 years in a mental hospital for stabbing Payton Leutner in suburban Milwaukee in 2014. Geyser's attorneys will make their own case for what they believe is best for Geyser during a daylong hearing Thursday in Waukesha County.
Geyser and Anissa Weier lured Leutner into the woods at a park and attacked them Leutner crawled out of the woods and got help from a passing bicyclist.
Geyser pleaded guilty to attempted first-degree intentional homicide in October to avoid prison. Weier was sentenced to 25 years in a mental hospital in December.
HOCHFILZEN, Austria (AP) — Laura Dahlmeier won the women's individual competition Wednesday for their third gold medal and fourth overall at the biathlon world championships.
The overall World Cup leader from Germany finished the 15-kilometer race in 41 minutes, 30.1 seconds to beat sprint world champion Gabriela Koukalova of the Czech Republic by 24.7 seconds. Both Dahlmeier and Koukalova missed one target in their first shooting stage but shot cleanly afterward.
Alexia Runggaldier of Italy hit all 20 targets and finished 1:45.6 behind to win bronze.
Defending world champion Marie Dorin Habert of France missed four targets in total and finished nearly five minutes behind in 40th.
Dahlmeier has already won the pursuit and mixed team titles, and finished runner-up to Koukalova in the sprint.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832931","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832931","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832931","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832931","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks after meeting with police at the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department in the wake of the mass shooting in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S., October 4, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
By Steve Holland and Yara Bayoumy
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is expected to announce soon that they will decertify the landmark international deal to curb Iran's nuclear program, a senior administration official said on Thursday, in a step that potentially could cause the 2015 accord to unravel.
The official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Trump is also expected to roll out a broader U.S. strategy on Iran that would be more confrontational. The Trump administration has frequently criticized Iran's conduct in the Middle East.
Trump, who has called the pact an "embarrassment" and "the worst deal ever negotiated," has been weighing whether it serves U.S. security interests as they face an Oct. 15 deadline for certifying that Iran is complying with its terms.
"We must not allow Iran ... to obtain nuclear weapons," Trump said during a meeting with military leaders at the White House on Thursday, adding:
"The Iranian regime supports terrorism and exports violence, bloodshed and chaos across the Middle East. That is why we must put an end to Iran's continued aggression and nuclear ambitions. They have not lived up to the spirit of their agreement."
Asked about their decision on whether to certify the landmark deal, Trump said: "You'll be hearing about Iran very shortly."
Supporters say its collapse could trigger a regional arms race and worsen Middle East tensions, while opponents say it went too far in easing sanctions without requiring that Iran end its nuclear program permanently.
Iranian authorities have repeatedly said Tehran would not be the first to violate the accord, under which Iran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for lifting most international sanctions that had crippled its economy.
If Trump declines to certify Iran's compliance, U.S. congressional leaders would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Tehran suspended under the agreement.
Whether Congress would be willing to reimpose sanctions is far from clear. While Republicans, and some Democrats, opposed the deal when it was approved in 2015, there is little obvious appetite in Congress for dealing with the Iran issue now.
The prospect that Washington could renege on the pact, which was signed by the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, the European Union and Iran, has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it.
"We, the Europeans, we have hammered this: the agreement is working," said a European diplomat who asked to remain anonymous. "We as Europeans, have repeated ... it's impossible to reopen the agreement. Period. It's impossible."
French President Emmanuel Macron said last month there was no alternative to the nuclear accord, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA).
A senior Iranian diplomat told Reuters on Thursday the end result of Trump's expected move would be to isolate the United States since the Europeans would continue to support it.
"Many foreign investors told us that they will not be scared away from Iran's market if Trump de-certifies the deal," the diplomat said.
Trump has long criticized the pact, a signature foreign policy achievement of their Democratic predecessor Barack Obama.
The administration was considering Oct. 12 for Trump to give a speech on Iran but no final decision had been made, an official said previously.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a close ally of Trump, last month said that unless provisions in the accord removing restrictions on Iran's nuclear program over time are eliminated, it should be canceled.
"Fix it, or nix it," Netanyahu said in a speech at the U.N. General Assembly annual gathering of world leaders on Sept. 19.
Many of Trump's fellow Republicans who control Congress also have been critical of the deal.
'CANNOT ABIDE'
Trump blasted the deal in their speech to the U.N. General Assembly, also on Sept. 19.
"We cannot abide by an agreement if it provides cover for the eventual construction of a nuclear program," Trump said, adding that Iran's government "masks a corrupt dictatorship behind the false guise of a democracy."
Trump is weighing a strategy that could allow more aggressive U.S. responses to Iran's forces, its Shi'ite Muslim proxies in Iraq and Syria and its support for militant groups.
Trump's defense secretary, Jim Mattis, told a congressional hearing on Tuesday that Iran was "fundamentally" in compliance with the agreement. They also said the United States should consider staying in the deal unless it were proven that Tehran was not abiding by it or that it was not in the U.S. national interest to do so.
When Mattis was asked by a senator whether they thought staying in the deal was in the U.S. national security interest, they replied: "Yes, senator, I do."
Last week, Iran's foreign minister said Tehran may abandon the deal if Washington decides to withdraw.
A State Department official said the Trump administration was "fully committed to addressing the totality of Iranian threats and malign activities and seeks to bring about a change in the Iranian regime's behavior."
The official said that behavior includes ballistic missiles proliferation, "support for terrorism," support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, "unrelenting hostility to Israel," "consistently threatening freedom of navigation in the Persian Gulf," cyberattacks against the United States and its allies, human rights abuses and "arbitrary detentions of U.S. citizens."
"The JCPOA was expected to contribute to regional and international peace and security, and Iran's regime is doing everything in its power to undermine peace and security,” the State Department official added.
The move also would represent another step by Trump that would undo key parts of Obama's legacy.
If Trump moves to decertify the accord, it would mark another example of walking away from international commitments as they pursue their nationalist "America First" agenda. They previously announced plans to abandon the Paris climate accord and the ambitious 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, two key Obama achievements.
(Reporting by Steve Holland and Yara Bayoumy in Washington; Additional reporting by Jeff Mason, Patricia Zengerle and David Alexander in Washington and Parisa Hafezi in Ankara; Writing by Will Dunham; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Israeli ambassador to Switzerland, Yaakov Kedar, has informed Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely that anti-Semitic signs have been removed from an apartment hotel in the southern resort of Arosa. The ambassador will appeal to the Swiss Foreign Ministry for condemnation.
Hotovely had responded with shock to the signs, which they called "an anti-Semitic manifestation of the worst and ugliest kind." According to Hotovely, the woman who hung the signs should be brought to justice and authorities should not be satisfied with removing them. They added, "The manifestations of anti-Semitism in Europe have not, unfortunately, stopped and we must ensure that in such cases the punishment will produce effective deterrence for those who still harbor the anti-Semitic germ."
U.S. President Donald Trump praised North Korean leader Kim Jong-un as "very open" and "very honorable" on Tuesday, adding Kim wants to meet "as soon as possible", reported AFP.
"We are having very good discussions," Trump said during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron at the White House.
We've seen human workers walk off the job, but four-legged landscapers?It happened in Georgia where officers with the Roswell Police Department said some goats and one donkey were supposed to be clearing a woman's yard on March 16, 2018 before walking off the job.She hired them from a company for a couple of days.Officers were eventually able to get the animals back into the woman's yard to finish the job.The Roswell Police Department shared the video on Facebook saying officers can now add "goat wrangler" to their job description.
WASHINGTON (AP) — No, that wasn't drooled on the lips of Massachusetts Rep. Joe Kennedy III. They say it was ChapStick.
Twitter lit up with jibes about the 37-year-old Democrat's response to President Donald Trump's State of the Union. In their televised speech Tuesday, Kennedy's lips appeared wet and glistening, leading to tweets about Kennedy's "drool."
Kennedy joked on ABC's "Good Morning America" Wednesday that they "decided to go a little bit light on the ChapStick this morning...which is probably a wise choice." They told CNN that Tuesday's ChapStick was "a little too much, apparently."
Other State of the Union responders have attracted similar unwanted attention. In 2013, GOP Sen. Marco Rubio's response to President Barack Obama's speech was mocked for Rubio's awkward off-screen reach for water.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The chair of the Republican National Committee says they will return contributions from former finance chair Steve Wynn if he's found guilty of sexual misconduct allegations.
Ronna Romney McDaniel tells Fox News Channel's "America's Newsroom" that they find the allegations against the Las Vegas billionaire "deeply troubling."
They say an investigation will be conducted and that if he's found guilty of wrongdoing "we will absolutely return 100 percent of that money. But we're going to let due process take place."
Wynn has denied the allegations, first reported by The Wall Street Journal.
The RNC announced Saturday that Wynn was stepping down from their position as finance chair.
Some Republicans in Congress have already announced they are donating contributions they received from Wynn to charity.
Jacob Rees-Mogg says that if Number 10 pursues remaining in the single market for goods and regulatory alignment, that is “not Brexit” and will mean we have nothing to offer other countries in terms of trade deals. They say it would be contrary the Tory manifesto. And they say they took 50 Tory MPs to see the chief whip this morning to protest…
“Are you reassured by what they have had to say?” @afneil asks @Jacob_Rees_Mogg about chief whip ‘s role in #Brexit talks #bbcdp pic.twitter.com/HPFxWHJiKO — BBC Daily Politics and Sunday Politics (@daily_politics) July 4, 2018
They say they are still backing May…
FIFA President Gianni Infantino has summoned Confederation leaders to a meeting in Zurich to discuss a potential multi-billion investment in the sport which could radically alter the football calendar.
The revolutionary proposal could see a revamping of the FIFA Club World Cup and the new Nations League, which would replace the current FIFA Confederations Cup.
FIFA are keen to introduce these tournaments as they are set to generate $25 billion (£18 billion/€20.5 billion) in revenue through broadcasting rights in Asia.
The new Club World Cup would take place in June or July every four years and feature 12 European teams, including the Champions League finalists and Europa League winners from the previous four seasons, plus four clubs from South America and two each from Africa, Asia and North America, as well as one from the host country and an extra one from either South America or Oceania.
The proposal, however, which Infantino put forward at a FIFA Council meeting in the Colombian capital Bogota in March, could greatly impact the current calendar and influence the FIFA World Cup.
The FIFA Club World Cup, won last year by Spain's Real Madrid, could be radically overhauled if a new multi-billion dollar from Asian investors is accepted ©Getty Images
Europe's elite football clubs have recently called for fewer matches during the season and mandatory rest periods for players.
The prospect of this could be harmed by the new Club World Cup schedule.
Discussions surrounding a potential 48-team World Cup in Qatar and the 2026 World Cup bidding process are also likely to be on the table.
FIFA's 2026 Inspection Committee recently completed visits to bidding nations Morocco and North America, whose bid contains Canada, the United States and Mexico.
With the meeting being called at such short notice, it is unclear how many Confederation Presidentswill be able to attend the discussions in Zurich next week.
Bishop Elect Than Thai Nguyen, right, and Bishop Kevin Vann embrace as the Diocese of Orange names Nguyen their new auxiliary bishop during a press conference at Christ Cathedral in Orange, CA on Friday, October 6, 2017. Nguyen is a Vietnamese refugee who escaped by boat after communist takeover. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Bishop Elect Than Thai Nguyen answers reporter's questions during a press conference at Christ Cathedral in Orange, CA on Friday, October 6, 2017 as the Diocese of Orange names Nguyen their new auxiliary bishop. Nguyen is a Vietnamese refugee who escaped by boat after communist takeover. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Bishop Elect Than Thai Nguyen, right, enters with Bishop Kevin Vann the Diocese of Orange names Nguyen their new auxiliary bishop during a press conference at Christ Cathedral in Orange, CA on Friday, October 6, 2017. Nguyen is a Vietnamese refugee who escaped by boat after communist takeover. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Father Benjamin Tran of St. Anne's Seal Beach records Bishop Elect Than Thai Nguyen during their introduction speech as the Diocese of Orange names Nguyen their new auxiliary bishop during a press conference at Christ Cathedral in Orange, CA on Friday, October 6, 2017. Nguyen is a Vietnamese refugee who escaped by boat after communist takeover. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Bishop Elect Than Thai Nguyen is congratulated by a well wisher during a luncheon in their honor. The Diocese of Orange names Nguyen their new auxiliary bishop during a press conference at Christ Cathedral in Orange, CA on Friday, October 6, 2017. Nguyen is a Vietnamese refugee who escaped by boat after communist takeover. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Bishop Elect Than Thai Nguyen pauses before taking their seat the Diocese of Orange names Nguyen their new auxiliary bishop during a press conference at Christ Cathedral in Orange, CA on Friday, October 6, 2017. Nguyen is a Vietnamese refugee who escaped by boat after communist takeover. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
An iPhone records Bishop Kevin Vann introducing Bishop Elect Than Thai Nguyen the Diocese of Orange names Nguyen their new auxiliary bishop during a press conference at Christ Cathedral in Orange, CA on Friday, October 6, 2017. Nguyen is a Vietnamese refugee who escaped by boat after communist takeover. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Bishop Elect Than Thai Nguyen Laughs as they visit with people attending a luncheon in their honor. the Diocese of Orange names Nguyen their new auxiliary bishop during a press conference at Christ Cathedral in Orange, CA on Friday, October 6, 2017. Nguyen is a Vietnamese refugee who escaped by boat after communist takeover. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Bishop Elect Than Thai Nguyen gently touches their fingertips together as they address questions from reporters as the Diocese of Orange names Nguyen their new auxiliary bishop during a press conference at Christ Cathedral in Orange, CA on Friday, October 6, 2017. Nguyen is a Vietnamese refugee who escaped by boat after communist takeover. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Bishop Elect Than Thai Nguyen poses for pictures as the Diocese of Orange names Nguyen their new auxiliary bishop during a press conference at Christ Cathedral in Orange, CA on Friday, October 6, 2017. Nguyen is a Vietnamese refugee who escaped by boat after communist takeover. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
GARDEN GROVE — As Father Bill Cao watched the Diocese of Orange's newly appointed auxiliary bishop, Thanh Thai Nguyen, speak Friday morning, Oct. 6, they felt an instant connection.
Both have 10 siblings. Both escaped Vietnam's oppressive communist regime, by boat.
Cao, pastor of Saint Anthony Claret Catholic Church in Anaheim, was one of about 100 people — clergy, community and media — gathered at Christ Cathedral to hear the formal announcement of Nguyen's appointment.
They said they were thrilled to welcome the new bishop to the diocese, which is home to 1.3 million Catholics, about 100,000 of whom are of Vietnamese descent.
“The connection that they are going to have with the Vietnamese diaspora in Orange County, the largest outside of Vietnam, is going to be powerful because of the commonality of our experiences,” Cao said.
News of Nguyen's appointment came from the Vatican early morning Friday, but Nguyen said they were informed Sept. 27.
“I was so shocked,” they said. “I was trembling, my head was spinning. I wasn't myself for a few days.”
Nguyen, 64, who has served at St. Joseph's Catholic Church in Jacksonville, Fla., drew a lot of laughs from the gathering with their self-deprecating wit and easy disposition.
“Leadership is the ability to hide your panic from others,” they said of their effort to keep their appointment a secret for several days.
The Most Rev. Kevin Vann, bishop of Orange, who announced Nguyen's appointment at the Christ Cathedral, said the appointment came directly from Pope Francis with recommendations from them and other church leaders.
“(Nguyen) brings a great deal of experience as a pastor and working with diverse communities,” they said.
The role of the auxiliary bishop in a diocese is primarily to assist the bishop with pastoral care and administration. Timothy Freyer, a Huntington Beach native, was ordained as an auxiliary bishop of Orange Jan. 18.
Nguyen will be the diocese's second Vietnamese auxiliary bishop. Dominic Luong, the diocese's first Vietnamese bishop, retired in January 2016, but was in attendance at Friday's gathering.
Vann said they haven't spoken with Nguyen about the specifics of their job, but believes they will be very much involved with the Vietnamese Catholic community.
They also expect Nguyen will guide the construction of the Lady of La Vang shrine at Christ Cathedral, a project undertaken by community members in honor of the Marian apparition believed to have blessed persecuted Catholics in Vietnam during the turn of the 19th century.
A date for Nguyen's ordination has not yet been set, Vann said.
Nguyen was born in Nha Trang, Vietnam, and spent most of their elementary education in Catholic schools. In 1966, they entered St. Joseph Seminary, a small diocesan institute in Vietnam.
Their seminary education was interrupted by the communist government takeover of South Vietnam on April 30, 1975. They and other seminarians found themselves forced into hard labor in the rice fields just to be able to continue their studies.
In 1979, Nguyen, along with 26 members of their extended family, boarded a 28-foot motorboat that left Cam Ranh Bay for the Philippines. The group spent 18 harrowing days at sea –several of them with no food or water — and were ambushed by a tropical storm.
“Every day we were at sea, we prayed the Rosary,” they said. “If not for God, where could we have found the strength to survive that journey?”
After spending 10 months in a refugee camp in the Philippines, Nguyen and their family came to Beaumont, Texas, in June 1980. They continued their education, graduated from the Weston Jesuit School of Theology in Cambridge, Mass., and was ordained in 1991.
“I love parish life,” they said. “I find it both challenging and rewarding.”
Nguyen said despite their own refugee experience, helping lead a large diaspora of Vietnamese Catholics is going to be new and different.
“My goal is always to unite people of different backgrounds, bring the flock together,” said Nguyen, whose parish in Florida offers services in English, Latin, Spanish, Portuguese and Polish.
The bishop-elect's speech was touching, said Elizabeth Nguyen, who chairs the committee raising funds for the La Vang shrine.
“Because of their experience as a refugee, they can connect with my parents' and grandparents' generation,” they said. “But, because they have worked with other communities, they can also relate to my generation and my daughter's generation.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on U.S. President Donald Trump's planned meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (all times local):
10 a.m.
U.N. chief António Guterres says there is no "plan B" for resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, after the White House suggested a two-state solution was one of many options for making peace.
Speaking to reporters in Cairo, Guterres said the international community must do everything it can to bring about a two-state solution.
Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry, standing next to Guterres, did not comment on the issue.
The two-state solution has wide international backing and has been a cornerstone of American diplomacy in the Middle East for more than two decades.
A senior White House official said Tuesday that Trump hopes to bring the two sides together and facilitate a peace agreement, but that peace — and not necessarily a Palestinian state alongside Israel — was the priority. The official spoke on condition of anonymity in order to preview the meeting.
___
4 a.m.
A Palestinian official says the goal of establishing a state of Palestine alongside Israel enjoys broad international support, expressing surprise at a Trump administration suggestion that a peace deal may not come in the form of a two-state solution.
Husam Zomlot, an adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, says the "two-state solution is not something we just came up with."
Zomlot spoke ahead of a White House meeting on Wednesday between President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
A White House official has said that it's up to Israelis and Palestinians to decide what peace will entail, and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
Zomlot says it's not clear if the comments signal a shift from long-standing U.S. policy of supporting a two-state deal.
___
3:30 a.m.
The White House says rebooting the Mideast peace process is a very high priority for the Trump administration, although peace may not come in the form of a two-state solution.
A senior White House official says President Donald Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal and hoping to bring the Israelis and Palestinians together sometime soon.
Trump is meeting Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The official says that peace is the goal, regardless of whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution. The official spoke on condition of anonymity in order to preview the meeting.
Other topics of discussion expected to come up Wednesday include expanded Israeli settlements, Iran and a potential move of the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Australia's prime minister has called on an Australian archbishop to resign after becoming the most senior Roman Catholic cleric to be convicted of covering up child sex abuse.
Adelaide Archbishop Philip Wilson was sentenced in a Newcastle court on Tuesday to 12 months in detention for failing to report to police the repeated abuse of two altar boys by a pedophile priest north of Sydney during the 1970s.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Wednesday they were surprised that Wilson had not resigned when they were convicted in May.
The Adelaide Archdiocese did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday
Wilson stood down from their position as archbishop days after they were convicted in May. They have not said whether they were considering an appeal.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured for nearly four decades as the investigation has ebbed and flowed like the tides off a California island where their body was found floating on Thanksgiving weekend 1981.
Renewed interest came this week when the lead detective in the case said their widower, actor Robert Wagner, now 87, is considered a person of interest.
Here's a look at what's known about the death and the investigation over the years.
ALL ABOARD
The body of Wood, 43, was found off Catalina Island, a scenic getaway about 30 miles south of the Los Angeles-area coastline. The three-time Academy Award nominee who starred in "West Side Story" and "Rebel Without a Cause" couldn't swim. They were wearing a red down jacket and nightgown.
They had been drinking heavily aboard a yacht with their husband and with actor Christopher Walken, who was filming the thriller "Brainstorm" with Wood. The only other person aboard was the boat's captain.
Wagner, who was starring at the time in the TV drama "Hart to Hart," has denied any involvement in their wife's death, and no charges have been filed.
THEORIES FROM TWO KEY WITNESSES
Wagner wrote in a 2008 memoir that they and Walken argued that night. Walken went to bed and Wagner stayed up for a while, they wrote. When they went to bed, they noticed their wife and a rubber dinghy that had been tied to the yacht were missing.
"There are only two possibilities," Wagner wrote, "either they were trying to get away from the argument, or they were trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened."
Walken has said little publicly over the years about the incident and has offered brusque replies at times when pressed. However, they told Playboy in 1997 that they thought Wood was probably half-asleep and slipped, hit their head and fell from the dinghy.
"Anybody there saw the logistics — of the boat, the night, where we were, that it was raining — and would know exactly what happened," Walken said. "You hear about things happening to people — they slip in the bathtub, fall down the stairs, step off the curb in London because they think that the cars come the other way — and they die. You feel you want to die making an effort at something; you don't want to die in some unnecessary way."
CHANGING INVESTIGATION
Authorities initially ruled the death an accidental drowning, but that changed. They reopened the investigation in 2011 after the boat's captain, Dennis Davern, said they heard the couple arguing the night of them disappearance.
The Los Angeles coroner's office amended Wood's death certificate in 2012 to include "drowning and other undetermined factors."
The change was due in part because investigators couldn't rule out that some of the bruises and marks on Wood's body happened before they went into the water, according to the report. Wood wasn't wearing a life jacket, had no history of suicide attempts and didn't leave a note.
The report also revealed that investigators hadn't preserved Wood's fingernails to determine if they had tried to claw their way back into the dinghy. Scratch marks were found on the craft's hull.
When the case was reopened, Los Angeles County sheriff's Lt. John Corina said Wagner was not a suspect.
This week, Corina told CBS News that they didn't believe Wagner had told the whole story about what happened and called them a person of interest in the case.
Initially, a sheriff's spokesperson downplayed the report Thursday and said there was nothing new in the case. But later, the department issued a statement confirming that Wagner is a person of interest.
"Do we have enough to make an arrest at this moment? No," spokesperson Nicole Nishida said.
WHAT WALKEN AND WAGNER TOLD INVESTIGATORS
Investigators made at least 10 attempts to interview Wagner again after reopening the investigation in 2011, including tracking them down in Colorado. But either Wagner or their lawyer refused.
Wagner's attorney, Blair Berk, issued a statement five years ago saying neither Wagner nor their daughters had any new information and blaming people for trying to exploit the 30th anniversary of Wood's death.
"Mr. Wagner has fully cooperated over the last 30 years in the investigation of the accidental drowning of their wife in 1981," Berk said at the time. "Mr. Wagner has been interviewed on multiple occasions by the Los Angeles sheriff's department and answered every single question asked of them by detectives during those interviews."
At the time, Corina said Walken gave a prepared statement and spoke to detectives for an hour.
Detectives also interviewed other actors who knew Wagner and Wood to learn more about their relationship.
NEW WITNESSES COME FORWARD
New witnesses interviewed since the case was reopened gave statements that "portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night," said Nishida, the sheriff's spokesperson.
One witness described hearing yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom, they said. Shortly afterward, other witnesses heard a man and woman arguing on the back of the boat and believe the voices were those of Wood and Wagner.
Those statements differ from the version of events originally provided by witnesses, including those who were on the boat, they said.
Wagner's publicist, Alan Nierob, declined to comment Thursday.
Allotment owners have been left “devastated” after their sites were trashed and precious animals stolen by thieves.
The premises in Mundles Lane, behind St George's Church in East Boldon, were targeted overnight on Tuesday.
Fred Rylands says they "can't believe" the attack.
Up to 20 locks have been smashed by yobs while two goats and six ducks were taken, as well as hens.
The goats, named Lottie and Gypsy, which were both nabbed in the theft belonged to pensioner Fred Rylands and they say they will no longer keep up with the allotment.
“I just can't believe it,” said an emotional Mr Rylands, 72, who is a retired milkman.
“They've broken almost every single lock and taken the goats which were my pride and joy.
Fred Rylands says they "can't believe" the attack.
“My family has been here for 150 years and for this to happen is just devastating.
“The goats are tagged so I hope that they can be traced and I can get them back.
“I've had things stolen before but nothing as bad as this.”
Mr Ryland discovered the damage on Wednesday morning after they had visited their plot the evening before.
Fred Rylands says they "can't believe" the attack.
Police have confirmed that they are investigating the incident in a bid to track down those responsible.
Despite keeping animals and developing their allotment site for decades, Mr Rylands says this latest setback has deterred them keeping it in future.
“Because of what's happened, I'm going to call it a day,” they added.
“This has really put me off and I can't take it anymore.
Fred Rylands says they "can't believe" the attack.
“It's only a hobby to me but to lose the goats like this is really upsetting.
“It would cost about £300 of £400 to replace them, but I can't put a price on what they meant to me.
“I've had things stolen before and they've turned up again so maybe there's a chance I'll get them back.
“The locks alone were £15 each too.”
A spokesperson for Northumbria Police said of the incident: “Police are appealing for information following a break-in at allotments in East Boldon.
“A number of allotment plots were targeted in an incident on Mundles Lane, which took place between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning.
The damage was discovered on Wednesday morning.
“Locks were reported to have been broken, and much-loved livestock has been stolen.
“Officers are asking anyone who may have seen anything or has information that could help their enquiry to contact them on 101 quoting log 1263 130617.”
Image via Getty.
Carrie Fisher's death is heartbreaking to so many because their openness and honesty about their life made them seem like someone you've known all your life, an intimate and wonderful old friend. The words of their actual old friend supports some of those feelings.
Advertisement
In a tribute published on The Hollywood Reporter Monday, Mark Hamill shared some sweet memories of getting to know Carrie Fisher as a young man and the joy of having their life inextricably linked to theirs through the Star Wars series. Before shooting with Fisher began, Hamill asked the production office to set up a dinner between them so they could get to know her, and it sounds like they knew how to make instant pals:
You know, they were 19 years old at the time. I was a worldly 24. So I was thinking, “Oh my God, it'll be like working with a high school kid.” But I was just bowled over. I mean they were just so instantly ingratiating and funny and outspoken. They had a way of just being so brutally candid. I'd just met them but it was like talking to a person you'd known for ten years. They were telling me stuff about their stepfather, about their mom, about Eddie Fisher — it was just harrowing in its detail. I kept thinking, “Should I know this?” I mean, I wouldn't have shared that with somebody that I had trusted for years and years and years. But they were the opposite. They just sucked you into their world.
Most of their anecdotes are similar to the goofy memories you might have of your own social group's hijinks, except they were on the set of one of the most successful movies of all time:
Advertisement
Once at lunchtime they said, “You should try on my jumpsuit.” I said, “The one-piece white jumpsuit? You're what, 5'2”? I'll never get in!” They said, “Just try.” I put on that Princess Leia zipper jumpsuit and it was so tight I looked like a Vegas lounge singer. If that wasn't ridiculous enough, they had me put on one of those bald cap masks with the Bozo hair and glasses and nose and then they walked me around the back lot.
Hamill alludes to times when they and Fisher were in conflict, and times when they “hated each other's guts.” But, they say, “That's all part of what makes a relationship complete. It's not all one sided. Like I say, they were a handful. They were high maintenance. But my life would have been so much drabber and less interesting if they hadn't been the friend that they are.”
You can read the whole essay here.
Sponsored
Update 4:02 pm:
Carrie Fisher's daughter, Billie Lourd, posted a message on Instagram Monday as well, thanking fans for the support in an extremely difficult time. They write:
Advertisement
Advertisement
SAN DIEGO – Was Chargers management decisive Sunday afternoon, or was it weaselly?
The Spanoses, dad/CEO Dean and son/president of football operations John, did bow to the will of the people, at least.
Coach Mike McCoy was booed by the remnants of a crowd of 54,915 moments after a 37-27 loss to Kansas City. A little more than an hour after that, the team announced that McCoy would not return for the final season of their contract.
They did so in an emailed press release, well after McCoy had spoken to the media and, in essence, made their case for being retained.
And did the Spanoses, who presumably made the final decision, make themselves available to answer questions? Surely you jest. The sole comments were a quote by John Spanos and another by General Manager Tom Telesco in the four-paragraph statement.
After all, that seems to be the way things are done these days. Why deal with reporters and their sometimes uncomfortable queries when you can avoid them?
So we got this from John Spanos, via press release:
“Mike McCoy is a man of high character. And we thank them for their dedication to the Chargers. The decision to dismiss Mike was made in the best interests of our franchise. Our team's disappointing performance has not matched this team's potential and has fallen short of the demanding standards that we seek to impose throughout our organization. Our comprehensive search for a new head coach begins immediately.”
And Telesco was quoted thusly: “I want to thank Mike for their tireless work and commitment to this organization. They instilled a culture of work ethic and togetherness that we can build on for years to come.”
As speculation about McCoy's status increased toward the season's final weeks, this seemed to be the logical end game, given a four-year record of 27-37 and seasons of 4-12 in 2015 and 5-11 in 2016 (or 2016-17, considering the final loss occurred on the first day of the new year).
It figured that in the event of a move to Los Angeles, the team would want a fresh start with a new coach.
And while it was This Space's suspicion that the team might be more inclined to give them another year if it were staying in San Diego, maybe those boos as they came off the field convinced the Spanoses once and for all that they couldn't stay here, either.
(Will the team stay? That's still to be determined, or at least to be announced. I don't expect the decision-makers to field questions then, either.)
The 21 players on injured reserve, the lineups at the end of the season that bore little resemblance to the depth charts at the beginning, the close games and the team's competitiveness … balanced against the starkness of 27 wins and 37 losses, all of that meant little when McCoy's fate was decided.
“Mike has given us a heck of a chance,” quarterback Philip Rivers said, before he, too, learned of McCoy's dismissal.
“When you lose 18 fourth-quarter games (through the four years of McCoy's tenure), that means you're right there each and every week. We've dealt with a lot of adversity and fought each and every week. I think that's a credit to them and the staff, that pure effort each and every week.
“There are 20 teams in our boat, that are eliminated, and I don't know that all 20 can say that they fought and played as hard, and practiced the way we did. I think a lot of guys deserve credit for that, but especially Mike and the staff and the job they've done with whoever's out there.”
That last tidbit, of course, was a reference to the remainders who have had to step in as stars, starters and experienced backups have been lost for the season.
Consider: The Chargers' two running backs Sunday were Ronnie Hillman and Andre Williams. Hillman was claimed off waivers from Minnesota Nov. 22. Williams was signed off the practice squad Tuesday. That scenario has been repeated throughout the Chargers roster.
This is not to excuse the sometimes baffling conservatism and clock management McCoy has engaged in throughout their four seasons, nor does it overlook this issue – if you're losing so many games in the fourth quarter, isn't that considered a problem rather than a positive?
McCoy's last public speech as Chargers coach Sunday evening was passionate enough.
“I know this; I want to be back,” they said.
“This is a special group, (and) 2017 is going to be a special year for this football team. You look on the sidelines today and all those guys who have been out for a long time are out there, and they've got a bright future here … I've said it all along to you guys, regardless of who is out there, the way this team works, the way they fight their tails off, the same way they played today – we've created a culture here.”
Someone else will now get to tweak, or alter, that culture. And the Spanoses' quest for the right fit to do so will be challenging, for three reasons:
• They're competing with the Rams, 49ers, Jaguars, Bills, probably Denver (where Gary Kubiak has decided to step down for health reasons) and almost certainly others for available candidates.
• They are historically reluctant to pay top dollar, which limits the field accordingly.
• If they truly are serious about moving to Los Angeles, and competing head-on with the Rams for the region's allegiance, hiring an unknown coordinator probably will not quicken anyone's pulse.
Wish them luck. They'll need it.
Contact the writer: jalexander@scng.com
DETROIT (AP) — Consumer Reports is now recommending Tesla's Model 3 compact electric car after a company software update improved its poor braking performance.
The magazine says the wireless update of antilock braking software cut 19 feet from the car's stopping distance from 60 miles per hour.
A previous test found that it took 152 feet for the car to stop from 60. That was the longest braking distance of any modern car the magazine has tested.
But in a test after the update, the stopping distance fell to 133 feet. Consumer Reports says that's typical for a compact luxury car.
The improved braking raised the car's score high enough for it to be a recommended buy. But the magazine still has concerns over wind noise and the touch-screen controls.
(WJHL) – The Pledge of Allegiance is an expression of patriotism and commitment to our country. The Bachman Bernard Family is proud to present the Daily Pledge from our local schools.
Advertisement
LOS ANGELES (AP) — It's a bittersweet morning for the songwriters of "Remember Me" from "Coco."
Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez learned of their Golden Globe nomination just as a bomb exploded on the New York City subway. The couple said they turned on the television to watch the Globe nominations when news of the Port Authority explosion broke Monday.
This is the second nomination for the songwriting pair, who were previously recognized for "Let It Go" from "Frozen."
Anderson-Lopez said they are now at work on "Frozen 2" and the Broadway version of "Frozen."
The couple says it's a "giant thrill" to be nominated, but they didn't plan to do much celebrating. Their cat is terminally ill and may be put down today.
Anderson-Lopez said they planned to sing "Remember Me" to him.
20th Century Fox
Deadpool and Logan have been getting more attention, but the X-Men are still out there and ready to make movies. After a few months of rumors, X-Men: Dark Phoenix has been made official, and it'll be coming to theaters next years with the whole crew in tow.
Deadline is reporting that longtime producer and writer on the series, Simon Kinberg, will step into the directorial role for the first time. And yes, everybody is back; Jennifer Lawrence, Michael Fassbender , James McAvoy, Nicholas Hoult, Alexandra Shipp, Sophie Turner, Tye Sheridan, and Kodi Smit-McPhee have all been confirmed as returning, meaning we'll see the core team of X-Men (Storm, Cyclops, Nightcrawler and Jean Grey) and Jessica Chastain is currently in talks to take the role of Lilandra, Professor X's alien lover/queen of the Shi'Ar empire.
The full plot hasn't been confirmed, but the title, and the presence of Lilandra, indicates it'll be the second attempt to tackle the Dark Phoenix Saga, a sprawling story from the '70s run that revived the X-Men as a concept. Jean Grey, possessed by the Phoenix Force, loses their grip and becomes the Dark Phoenix, a powerful force capable of eating suns. Jean ultimately sacrifices themselves to keep the Phoenix Force from destroying the universe, and the story itself is often pointed to as one of the best Marvel ever put in print. So, you know, no pressure or anything. We'll see what's in store November 2018.
(via Deadline)
Keith Urban celebrated New Year's Eve with a free performance in Nashville on Dec. 31.
Before the guitar dropped (yes, Nashville drops a guitar—eat your heart out NYC), Keith performed a medley of hits in tribute to artists who died in 2016, including George Michael's “I'm Never Gonna Dance Again,” Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah,” Glenn Frey of the Eagles' “Take It Easy,” David Bowie's “Heroes,” Merle Haggard's “Mamma Tried” and Prince's “Purple Rain.”
Check out the performance below, which includes a dancing cameo by Keith's wife, Nicole Kidman.
A Hood County deputy crashed into another vehicle while chasing a suspect into Parker County on Thursday.
Around 12:30 p.m. Thursday, Hood County deputies responded to a burglary suspect fleeing north towards Weatherford on Highway 51, said Public Information Officer Lt. Johnny Rose. A deputy was traveling north on Highway 51, topped a hill and was unable to stop before striking a vehicle making a left turn from the southbound lane, Rose said. No one was injured in the accident, Rose said.
The burglary case is still under investigation.
Eggborough coal plant to close with 130 job losses
Image: Shutterstock
The Eggborough coal-fired power station in Yorkshire is to shut down after failing to secure new supply contracts for backup power next winter.
The plant, which started producing electricity in 1970, is capable of supplying 5% of power in the UK – enough electricity for two million homes.
Owner Eggborough Power Ltd, which has a Capacity Market contract until September 2018, said it would not be economically viable to continue to operate the power station after that.
Around 130 jobs are expected to be lost but 40 staff will remain to support the decommissioning and demolition phase.
Managing Director Adam Booth said: “With the age of the plant and the current government's policy that all UK coal-fired power generation must cease by 2025, Eggborough has been under threat of closure for the past few years.
“Eggborough has a proud history of generation and a dedicated and skilled workforce. We will work through the consultation with employee representatives and provide support to employees throughout this process.”
A planning application is currently being progressed to develop a new 2.5GW combined cycle gas-fired power station at the site.
The Capacity Market for delivery in 2018/19 closed at £6/kW – the lowest of any auction to date.
Energy and Clean Growth Minister Claire Perry said: “With the government's intelligent intervention through the Capacity market, we have achieved an even higher standard of energy security for next winter and at a low cost for billpayers.”
Los Angeles Lakers head coach Luke Walton had nothing new to offer on Lonzo Ball's status, other than that the rookie continued to rehab their left knee sprain prior to Friday's game against the Brooklyn Nets. Walton did, however, dispute the notion, posed by one reporter at the Barclays Center, that the Crown Prince of Chino Hills was a poor shooter prior to their injury.
“He really started shooting the ball well, honestly, since whatever the date is, somewhere in December,” Walton said. “He was shooting the three-ball at a pretty high clip.”
Walton is right to point back to December as a turning point for Zo's stroke. Over their last 12 games, dating back to a Dec. 9 win over the Charlotte Hornets, Ball connected on 38.8 percent of their three-point attempts. Prior to that, Lonzo had converted 24.3 percent of their long-range looks.
Walton, though, insisted that the ends of Ball's shots don't matter as much as the means behind them.
“We know that we're trying to win games and we know we've got to make shots to do that, but we also know we're developing these young players,” they explained. “So whether he's making or missing shots, we need them taking the right ones.
“And when he's open, I want them shooting those with confidence because I have all the belief in them that he's going to be a very consistent three-point shooter as their career goes on.”
As for Zo's scoring inside the arc, Walton cited the point guard's 6-foot-6 frame as an important asset for their eventual improvement therein.
“I think their size will become more of an advantage for them offensively as they learn to finish around the rim at this league,” they said. “He's got such a good feel for the game that he'll be able to get to those angles and use their size and their length to really create problems for other teams' defenses, and especially the way they can see the floor. He's going to keep defenses honest, and being able to finish down there is going to be big for them as they grow in this league.”
Luke Walton & @LakersReporter chat about Brook Lopez's return to Brooklyn, expectations for today's game and more. pic.twitter.com/aXAssj7R4I — Spectrum SportsNet (@SpectrumSN) February 2, 2018
So far, Ball has finished fewer than half (48.8 percent) of their shots within three feet of the hoop, per Basketball Reference. That stat figures to trend upward over time as Lonzo's body matures, to the point where they can both absorb and dole out physical punishment, and they learn how to maneuver around contact.
Right now, though, Zo has bigger fish to fry—specifically, getting their knee back in working order so they can return to practice and reclaim their place in Walton's rotation thereafter.
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File). FILE - In this March 9, 2017 file photo, Dr. Garen Wintemute, an emergency room physician at the University of California, Davis, Medical Center, shows the website of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, on a ...
By PAUL ELIAS
Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Gun deaths have fallen in California over a 16-year period ending in 2015, driven largely by a decline in gang violence and black homicides a recent and rare scientific study of firearm violence has found.
Researchers at the University of California, Davis published their findings in the May issue of the journal Annals of Epidemiology after reviewing 50,921 firearm deaths recorded in California between 2000 and 2015. The University provided the study results on Monday.
The report found 24,922 firearm homicides during that period and 23,682 suicides by gun. Researchers say the number of firearm homicides dropped from 4.19 per 100,000 people in 2000 to a low of 3.13 per 100,000 in 2014 before ticking up slightly in 2015.
Researcher Veronica Pear attributed the decline in gun homicides to a reduction of gang violence, particularly in Los Angeles County.
The study also showed a big drop in the number of black men being killed by guns.
Pear said the number of gun homicides of black men dropped 32 percent from the peak in 2005 at 47 per 100,000 people to 31 per 100,000 in 2015. The homicide rate for Hispanic men was 6.7 per 100,000 in 2015, a 38 percent decline from its peak of 10.8 per 100,000 in 2005.
The homicide rate of White and Asian men held steady throughout the period at roughly the same level of roughly 3 homicides per 100,000 annualy.
Pear said they hope the new research will be used by others studying the cause and effects of gun violence.
"We also hope it can serve as a template for researchers in other states to create similar profiles," they said.
For the last 30 years, the federal government has largely abandoned gun-violence studies after the National Rifle Association prevailed on Congress to significantly restrict funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevent to do the research. The NRA said it does not oppose gun research but is against research that it calls biased, flimsy or aimed at advocacy.
A few private foundations and California have recently stepped up funding of gun violence studies. California became the first state to publicly support the research when lawmakers voted to fund U.C. Davis' Violence Prevention Research Program with $5 million over five years.
The Kaiser Permanente health care consortium announced earlier this month it would spend $2 million to study gun violence among its 12 million members.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
2017-2018 Soccer Season: Crisis Chelsea in the Year of Mourinho?
Spartak Moskva continues a very disappointing start to the season in the Russian Prem'er-Liga, this week losing to rivals CSKA Moskva in the Moscow Derby. Chelsea follows up the defeat to Arsenal in the Community Shield with a 3-2 home defeat against Burnley. In Spain, Real blast Barça in the first leg of the Super Cup.
European Leagues, Euro Finals and Membership Associations Super Cups
Russian Prem'er-Liga (After 6 games)
CSKA-Spartak was the crunch match this week in the Russian Primer-Liga, Spartak, the champions, continuing a disappointing start to the season, lying ninth after six matches. CSKA 2 Spartak 1 was the result. In the other big match at the top, Zenit thrashed Akhmat Grozny 4-0 and claims top spot, while Krasnodar dropped points at home to Amkar (1-1).
Leaders: 1. Zenit 16; 2. Rostov 13; 3. Lokomotiv Moskva 13; 4. CSKA 12; 5. Krasnodar 11
2016-2017 Final Standings
Champion: Spartak Moskva
2. CSKA Moskva 3. Zenit St. Petersburg 4. FC Krasnodar 5. Akhmat Grozny (formerly Terek Grozny)
English Premier League (After 1 game)
Chelsea gets off to a home defeat after losing the FA Charity Shield to Arsenal. The result was Chelsea 2 Burnley 3. Spurs won 2-0 away at Newcastle FC, Manchester City coming away from newly promoted Brighton and Hove Albion with the same score, while Liverpool got a point at Watford in a six-goal draw (3-3). Arsenal won the seven-goal thriller at home against Leicester (4-3) and Manchester United won 4-0 at home against West Ham United.
2016-2017 Final Standings
Champion: Chelsea FC
2. Tottenham Hotspur FC 3. Manchester City FC 4. Liverpool FC 5. Arsenal FC
German Bundesliga (Kick-off August 18/19)
2016-2017 Final Standings
Champion: FC Bayern München
2. RB Leipzig 3. Borussia Dortmund 4. Hoffenheim 5. 1. FC Köln
French Ligue 1 (After 2 games)
Nice is the team in trouble in France, with zero points from the opening two games, while the pack at the top looks familiar. Lyon won away at Rennes 2-1; Marseille won 1-0 at Nantes; Saint-Étienne is back in the pack at the top with a 1-0 away win at Caen. PSG got the three points at Guingamp, Neymar scoring and serving an assist on their debut; Falcao helped Monaco to a 4-1 win at Dijon.
Leaders: PSG, Lyon, Marseille, Monaco, St.-Étienne (all with 6 points)
2016-2017 Final Standings
Champion: AS Monaco FC
2. Paris Saint-Germain 3. OGC Nice 4. Olympique Lyonnais 5. Olympique de Marseille
Portuguese Primeira Liga (After 2 games)
Sporting CP is off to a good start with a maximum six points from the opening two games, 2-0 away at Desportivo das Aves last week and then this week a 1-0 home win against Vitória de Setúbal. Tondela 0 FC Porto 1, five goals without suffering any after two games. Rio Ave won 2-1 at Boavista in the city of Porto. Benfica and Vitória Guimarães play Monday.
Leaders: FC Porto, Sporting CP, Rio Ave (6 points)
2016-2017 Final Standings
Champion: Sport Lisboa e Benfica
2. FC Porto 3. Sporting Clube de Portugal 4. Vitória SC (Guimarães) 5. Sporting Clube de Braga
Spanish Primera Liga (Kick-off August 18,19)
2016-2017 Final Standings
Champion: Real Madrid CF
2. FC Barcelona 3. Club Atlético de Madrid FC 4. Sevilla FC 5. Villarreal CF
Italian Serie A (Kick-off August 19,20)
2016-2017 Final Standings
Champion: Juventus FC
2. AS Roma 3. SSC Napoli 4. Atalanta BC 5. SS Lazio
Euro finals
Women's UEFA Final
Netherlands 4 Denmark 2
Nadim 6 (Pen.); Harder 33
Miedema 1º, 89; Martens 28; Spitse 51
UEFA Super Cup Final
Real Madrid 2 Manchester United 1 Played August 8 in Skopje, Serbia
Casemiro 24 Lukaku 62
Isco 52
59 per cent ball possession to Real, 41% for United; passing accuracy 90% to 83% in Real's favor, 16 shots to 13, 2 on the woodwork, depicts the way the game went. Real Madrid is in a different league and Manchester United have a long way to go to reach the top of European soccer.
Supercups
Spanish Super Cup First Leg
Barcelona 1 Real Madrid 3
Messi 77 (pen.)
Piqué (o.g.) 50, Ronaldo 80, Asensio 90
England: Community Shield 2017
Arsenal 1 Chelsea 1 (Arsenal win on penalties 4-1)
Moses (46)
Kolasinac (82)
Portugal: Super Cup 2017
Benfica 3 Vitória SC (Guimarães) 1
Jonas, Seferovic, Raul Jimenez
Raphinha
Germany DFL Supercup 2017
Bayern Munich 2 Borussia Dortmund 2 (Bayern win 5-4 on penalties)
Pulisic, Piszczek (o.g.)
Lewandowski, Aubameyang
France: Super Cupb 2017
Monaco 1 Paris Saint-Germain 2
Djibril Sidibe 30
Dani Alves (51); Adrien Rabiot (63)
Russia Super Cup 2017
Spartak Moskva 2 Lokomotiv Moskva 1 (aet 0 0)
Luiz Adriano (101), Q. Promes (113)
M. Fernandes (116)
Last season's Champions League 2016-1017
http://www.pravdareport.com/society/showbiz/18-06-2017/138000-confederations_cup-0/
Last season's Europa League (2016-2017)
http://www.pravdareport.com/news/society/12-05-2017/137713-united_ajax-0/
Photo: By André Zahn - André Zahn (User:Nic/de:Benutzer:Nic), CC BY-SA 2.0 de, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=1008333
Netherlands 4 Denmark 2
Nadim 6 (Pen.); Harder 33
Miedema 1º, 89; Martens 28; Spitse 51
UEFA Super Cup Final
Real Madrid 2 Manchester United 1 Played August 8 in Skopje, Serbia
Casemiro 24 Lukaku 62
Isco 52
59 per cent ball possession to Real, 41% for United; passing accuracy 90% to 83% in Real's favor, 16 shots to 13, 2 on the woodwork, depicts the way the game went. Real Madrid is in a different league and Manchester United have a long way to go to reach the top of European soccer.
Supercups
Spanish Super Cup First Leg
Barcelona 1 Real Madrid 3
Messi 77 (pen.)
Piqué (o.g.) 50, Ronaldo 80, Asensio 90
England: Community Shield 2017
Arsenal 1 Chelsea 1 (Arsenal win on penalties 4-1)
Moses (46)
Kolasinac (82)
Portugal: Super Cup 2017
Benfica 3 Vitória SC (Guimarães) 1
Jonas, Seferovic, Raul Jimenez
Raphinha
Germany DFL Supercup 2017
Bayern Munich 2 Borussia Dortmund 2 (Bayern win 5-4 on penalties)
Pulisic, Piszczek (o.g.)
Lewandowski, Aubameyang
France: Super Cupb 2017
Monaco 1 Paris Saint-Germain 2
Djibril Sidibe 30
Dani Alves (51); Adrien Rabiot (63)
Russia Super Cup 2017
Spartak Moskva 2 Lokomotiv Moskva 1 (aet 0 0)
Luiz Adriano (101), Q. Promes (113)
M. Fernandes (116)
Last season's Champions League 2016-1017
http://www.pravdareport.com/society/showbiz/18-06-2017/138000-confederations_cup-0/
Last season's Europa League (2016-2017)
http://www.pravdareport.com/news/society/12-05-2017/137713-united_ajax-0/
Photo: By André Zahn - André Zahn (User:Nic/de:Benutzer:Nic), CC BY-SA 2.0 de, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=1008333
Close Get email notifications on Connor Behrens daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever Connor Behrens posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
NOTE: The national semifinals from San Antonio will be televised Saturday, March 31, on TBS with team-specific “TeamCast” broadcast on TNT and truTV. The national championship will air Monday, April 2, on TBS.
Jim Nantz, Grant Hill, Bill Raftery and Tracy Wolfson will be on the call for the Final Four and national championship games on TBS. Veteran play-by-play voice Ian Eagle will be on the mic for the regional semifinals and finals for the first time.
Sweet 16/regional semifinals
THURSDAY
7:07 p.m., CBS: No. 7 Nevada vs. No. 11 Loyola-Chicago (Brian Anderson, Chris Webber, Lisa Byington)
7:37 p.m., TBS: No. 3 Michigan vs. No. 7 Texas A&M (Kevin Harlan, Reggie Miller, Dan Bonner, Dana Jacobson)
FILE PHOTO: James Alex Fields Jr., 20, is seen in a mugshot released by Charlottesville, Virginia police department after being charged with one count of second degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of failing to stop at an accident that resulted in a death after police say they drove a car into a crowd of counterprotesters during the "Unite the Right" protests by white nationalist and "alt-right" demonstrators in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., August 12, 2017. Charlottesville Police Department/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo
By Sheila Dang
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Online fund-raising sites are turning their backs on activists looking to offer financial support for James Fields, the man accused of driving their car into counter-protesters at a white-nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
GoFundMe, Kickstarter and other mainstream crowdfunding firms have policies that prohibit hate speech or abuse, the latest example of technology firms making it harder for far-right groups to organize online.
Fields is accused of killing one woman and injuring 19 others on Saturday after the rally in Charlottesville turned violent. Supporters of Fields, who was denied bail at a court hearing in Virginia on Monday, have turned to the internet to raise money for their legal defense.
GoFundMe, one of the two leading crowdfunding firms, said on Monday it has removed multiple fundraising campaigns for Fields, because the company prohibits the promotion of hate speech and violence.
"Those campaigns did not raise any money and they were immediately removed," said Bobby Whithorne, director of strategic communications at GoFundMe, adding that fewer than 10 campaigns have so far been posted. GoFundMe will continue to delete similar campaigns if more are created, they said.
Most mainstream crowdfunding sites, which let people fund projects or ventures by raising money online, have policies that prohibit campaigns that promote hate speech or violence.
Kickstarter, which vies with GoFundMe as the largest crowdfunding platform, said it also has a policy prohibiting hate speech or encouraging violence. It said its service focuses on creative projects and has not seen any campaigns related to Fields or the Charlottesville protest.
Indiegogo, a smaller rival, said it has a similar policy prohibiting campaigns that promote threatening or abusive behavior. It said it is monitoring campaigns but has yet to see any funds supporting Fields.
The block on mainstream crowdfunding is just the latest blow to far-right activists operating online. In the last 24 hours, neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer had its domain registration revoked twice, by GoDaddy Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google, for violating terms of service.
FORCED OUT OF MAINSTREAM
The rejection by mainstream crowdfunding sites means white nationalists have been forced to use other platforms that champion freedom of speech.
Jason Kessler, who organized the far-right rally in Charlottesville, has raised $2,659 as of Monday afternoon on RootBocks, a crowdfunding site that is "free from political or social censorship," according to its website.
They started a campaign called the "Unite the Right Legal Defense Fund" on Sunday night and aims to raise $50,000 to sue the city of Charlottesville for failing to protect the speakers and protesters at the rally.
Another campaign on RootBocks opened on Saturday has raised more than $8,000 of its $50,000 goal to support a lawsuit against Charlottesville by Nathan Damigo, founder of white-nationalist group Identity Evropa. On Saturday, Damigo said on Twitter they were wrongly arrested at the protest, in violation of their civil rights.
CrowdJustice, a site that focuses on raising money for legal cases, has not seen any funds connected to Fields or others who were in Charlottesville, said Chief Executive Julia Salasky.
The firm verifies that defendants or plaintiffs have an attorney or nonprofit who is taking their case before they can start a fund on the website, Salasky said.
"That filters out people who are promoting hatred and without a legal basis," they said.
(Reporting by Sheila Dang; editing by Anna Driver and Bill Rigby)
Three races were sailed at Rutland on the Saturday ahead of the wind and snow.
Stanley and Henderson won all three to take the title, with Tom Ballantine and Maddy Anderson of Salcombe YC in second and Ben Palmer and Claire Walsh, Hayling Island SC, third.
RS200 - 2017 Inland Championship
1st Maria Stanley and Rob Henderson, Itchenor SC/Hayling Island SC 1 1 1 3 pts
2nd Tom Ballantine and Maddy Anderson, Salcombe YC 4 3 2 9 pts
3rd Ben Palmer and Claire Walsh, Hayling Island SC 2 4 3 9 pts
4th Jack Holden and Amy Yeoman, Itchenor SC 6 5 4 15 pts
5th Christian Birrac and Alan Roberts, Hayling Island SC 3 2 15 OCS 20 pts
6th Ed Connellan and Matt Rhodes, Middle Nene SC 7 7 8 22 pts
7th Seb Balch and Emma Knott 8 8 7 23 pts
8th Andy Hadfield and Rachel Hadfield, Parkstone YC 9 9 6 24 pts
9th Robert Gullan and Izzy Allerston, Hayling Island SC 5 6 15 RET 26 pts
10th Hattie Collingridge and Katie Sparks, Waldringfield SC 10 11 5 26 pts
11th Hannah Mumford and Tara Head, Redoubt SC/Downs SC 11 10 15 DNC 36 pts
12th Marcin Centkowski and Leslaw Maciag, Severn SC 12 15 DNC 15 DNC 42 pts
13th Martin Penty and Tom Penty, Beaver SC 15 DNC 15 DNC 15 DNC 45 pts
13th Rory Odell and Josh Bonsey, Northampton SC 15 DNC 15 DNC 15 DNC 45 pts
Gerald New - Sailweb
11 December 2017 11:30 GMT
National and local leaders are voicing their support for the victims of a shooting that took place during baseball practice among members of Congress and staff in Alexandria, Virginia this morning.
Reaction from Ohio congressional delegation
When shots were fired in the early morning in Alexandria, Virginia it was Republican Representative Brad Wenstrup of Cincinnati who reportedly jumped to action to help the victims, which included fellow Republican House Member Steve Scalise.
Wenstrup, a doctor and an Iraqi war veteran, said the baseball field felt like a combat zone.
Republican U.S. Senator Rob Portman offered their thoughts and prayers for the victims, as did Democratic U.S. Senator Sherrod Brown.
“It's a reminder that there are things far more important than party politics and how we must work together as people who love this country," Brown said.
Gov. John Kasich commended Wenstrup saying that it was strong work by Wenstrup and that they were proud of him.
ST. LOUIS (AP) -- St. Louis second baseman Kolten Wong left Wednesday night's game against Milwaukee in the sixth inning after suffering tightness in their right forearm.
Wong, who went 1 for 2 with an RBI double in the second inning, was replaced by Greg Garcia.
Wong has hit safely in all six games since returning from the disabled list on June 6.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
07:00 CNN Nieuws
07:35 Roep Van De Bruidegom
08:10 Fitness:Shaun T Tabata Strenght
08:45 Angelina Ballerina :Schatfiets
09:00 CNN Nieuws
09:35 Sranan Tori : Wasserette – Waka waka libi abi eng baka pisi
10:00 Tv.Film : Willow
12:15 CNN Nieuws
12:35 Superhero Movie
14:00 Super Hit Video:Super Pop Clips
15:00 DNA Journaal (afl.39)
15:35 G.I.Joe Sigma Six
16:05 Thomas And Friend Day Of The Diesel
17:10 Bijbel Wortoe Taki So En Leri Wi So (les.14)
18:00 ATV Nieuws
18:50 Steve Harvey:Funderdome
19:35 The King Of Queens
20:10 Undercover Boss:Canada
21:10 ATV Sports
22:05 Trekking:Tek.2/Double Tek.2/Match.3/High.5
22:15 The Haves And The Have Nots
23:00 Gotham
23:45 Caribbean Newsline
00:15 Herhaling ATV Nieuws
00:50 Fargo
01:45 Tv.Film : Black Superman : Injustice Among Us
03:55 World Wildest Cities:Manaus
04:20 Bunheads
05:05 House Of Lies
05:35 Batman
06:15 CNN Nieuws
07:35 Steven Reyme Ministries
(Wijzigingen Voorbehouden)
SJSC RIGA International Airport
(VAS ”Starptautiskā lidosta “Rīga'''')
Reg. No 40003028055, address - Lidosta “Rīga” 10/1, Mārupes novads, LV-1053
P: (+371) 67207135, F: (+371) 67211767, www.riga-airport.com
hereby announces a request for quotation procedure “Provision of Mail and Courier Delivery Services” (Identification No. CA-18/118).
Amendents are made to the request for quotation procedure.
The quotations must be submitted before 28 May 2018, 16.00 (local time) in the procedure provided for in Article 10.1. and 10.2. of the instructions of the request for quotation procedure.
Contact person: Head of the Legal Support Unit Iveta Kadiķe,
P: (+371) 67207678, (+371) 29129252, e-mail address: I.Kadike@riga-airport.com
The instructions of the request for quotation procedure pdf
Amendments No 1
Answers to the questions asked by possible applicants:
1_answer
Results of the request for quotation procedure:
In procurement section No 1 the contract has been awarded to VAS “Latvijas Pasts” for the total transaction amount of EUR 6431.00 (excluding VAT);
In procurement section No 2 the contract has been awarded to SIA “TNT Latvia” for the total transaction amount of EUR 5000.00 (excluding VAT).
One of the social media posts resembled a wanted poster or a missing-persons flyer: Photographs of men were arranged in rows, seeking their names and employers.
But the Facebook post wasn't circulated by law enforcement in the search for a suspect or by relatives looking for a missing loved one. It was the work of ordinary people trying to harness the power of social media to identify and shame the white nationalists who attended last weekend's violent rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Meanwhile, a Twitter account dedicated to calling out racism, YesYoureRacist, identified people who attended the rally using photos culled from the news and social media and listed their places of employment and other information. A website created Sunday dedicated itself to collecting the names, social media profiles, colleges and employers of people photographed at the rally.
At least one person has lost their job as a result, showing that angry online groups can be used to renounce racism as well as promote it.
"The goal with online shaming is very short term and driven by people's desire to feel as if they are fighting back and having an impact," said Brian Reich, who's written several books on digital communications, behavior and political influence. "They are afraid, appalled and they want to stop it."
But is it helpful? Reich said those behind these efforts "are arguably fanning the flames," giving attention to a group — white supremacists — that feeds on attention.
———
THE END OF ANONYMITY?
Nicholas Brody, professor of communications at the University of Puget Sound, said the events show that in the age of social media, "nothing is really anonymous anymore."
People attending a white supremacist rally decades ago may have had the comfort of knowing that their schools, employers and disapproving family members probably wouldn't find out about their activity.
These days, not only can information be quickly and widely shared, but a lot of data is available about people on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. Image searches and facial-recognition technology, meanwhile, can make it relatively easy to identify people online.
But the method isn't foolproof. In 2013, users of Twitter and the website Reddit wrongly accused a man of being a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing. Reddit later apologized .
———
COLLEGE STUDENT IS EXPOSED
Peter Cvjetanovic, a 20-year-old college student, was photographed shouting with a group of torch-wielding protesters Friday during a march through the University of Virginia campus. Cvjetanovic said in a television interview that they didn't expect the photo to spread as widely as it did.
But spread it did. And thousands of people signed an online petition to have them kicked out of school. Cvjetanovic told a local TV station that they are "not the angry racist they see in that photo," but a white nationalist who cares for all people.
The University of Nevada in Reno confirmed Monday that Cvjetanovic is a student there. Spokeswoman Kerri Garcia said the university is "still monitoring the situation and reviewing information."
A message left for Cvjetanovic through the school was not returned. There was no telephone listing available for them in Reno.
Meanwhile, Top Dog, a hot dog company in the San Francisco area, said one of its employees resigned after being confronted by management about participating in the rally.
———
'DOXING' AS INVITATION TO VIOLENCE
The practice of publishing private or identifying information — such as an address or phone number — about people online in an attempt to hurt, shame or abuse them is known as "doxing."
In the 1990s, anti-abortion hackers infamously exposed abortion providers' home addresses, photos and other information on a now-defunct website called the "Nuremberg Files." Names that were greyed out indicated people who had been "wounded." A strikethrough meant they had been killed.
Collecting and posting publicly available information, such as a photo of a person attending a public protest, is not the same thing, even if that can still hurt or shame people.
Paul Levinson, a communications professor and social media expert, called it a "moral obligation" to expose white supremacists for who they are, something for which social media provides a good opportunity.
Gordon Coonfield, communications professor at Villanova University, said there is an important difference in the reasons people get doxed.
"Doxing an advocate of racial equality is an implicit — and often explicit — call for violence against them," they said in an email. "Doxing a white nationalist is a call for accountability. Compelling individuals to be accountable for their words and deeds online or off is not a threat to freedom of expression. It is the foundation of freedom of expression."
Of course, mere presence at a rally does not imply willing participation. Tiki Brand Products, whose torches were used and widely photographed during the rally, took to Facebook to distance itself from the march.
"We do not support their message or the use of our products in this way," the company wrote on its Facebook page. Our products are designed to enhance backyard gatherings and to help family and friends connect with each other at home in their yard."
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Shutterstock
For a company that prides itself on things “just working,” there's a flaw in the iPhone that Apple fans know all too well. You get in the car, your phone pairs via Bluetooth or USB, and immediately whatever you were last listening to blasts over the speakers. Or, if you weren't listening to anything, the first song in your iTunes library blares, which might leave you explaining to Grandma why, precisely, you've got a song called “A Bitch Iz A Bitch.” Fortunately, there's a genius solution to this problem, courtesy of social media maven and writer Samir Mezrahi: “A a a a a Very Good Song,” which is just ten minutes of pure silence.
While there are several “silent songs” for you to choose from on the iTunes store, the real genius here is the title and the length. The five As mean there's literally nothing that could manage to play itself first, so your phone will pair but nothing will blast from the speakers for many minutes, allowing you ample time to scroll through your library or get on Spotify and choose a playlist that's not the one which just plays “Two Princes” on a loop.
The thing is, we should be asking bigger questions here: Like why Apple allows this autoplay monstrosity to happen in the first place. You'd think turning it off would be simple, but it turns out there's no easy way you can disable this “feature,” short of disabling Bluetooth on your phone. Considering Apple's war on the headphone jack, though, that's becoming less and less of an effective option.
For now, if you're sick of hearing A House Divided by Megadeth every time you jump in the car for work, drop a dollar on Mezrahi's track. Hey, they deserve a little money, and perhaps if it gets put in the #1 spot, Apple might implement shame protection. Or so we can hope.
(Via Cosmopolitan)
Ahead of the appointment of Jennie Formby as the Labour Party's general-secretary, some long-standing HQ staff are jumping before they are pushed out. Exitism from the party by long-standing moderate activists is also on the rise as the once entryist crypto-commies and toytown trots are welcomed into the party by Corbyn…
John Stolliday, Director of Governance and Legal is off, as the ‘compliance unit' boss they will be quitting before they inevitably get pushed out. The PLP secretary Dan Simpson is also quitting. Along with the outgoing general secretary Iain McNicol; Patrick Heneghan,Tracey Allen, Julie Lawrence, Neil Fleming and Emilie Oldknow are going.
Most will be gone after the May local elections. If Chuka is going to launch their centre party he'll have some experienced operators available to hire…
UPDATE: Simon Jackson, Labour's Director of Policy And Research, has quit today.
The seats have been off all winter and the wheel will be removed next week -- the 60-year-old iconic Ferris Wheel at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk is being retired.In a Facebook post, the Boardwalk announced that its last day of operation was last fall. The Ferris Wheel was down during the winter for routine maintenance. It was during that time the park decided not to bring it back.In a response to a patron on Facebook, the park writes, "We would have given guests an opportunity for one last ride! We're sorry we weren't able to give everyone a last chance to ride the Ferris Wheel! We're looking at all options for a replacement (including another ferris wheel..)"To give people a sense of how many times the wheel turned over the years, the park offered this statistic, "Our Ferris Wheel had more than 4 million riders since 1986 alone! (We didn't track its ridership before that.) That's a lot of memories!"The Boardwalk says they may put a food cart or a game there temporarily over the summer while they make a decision on a replacement ride.Many people were asking if the Ferris Wheel seats would be available for purchase but the park has not yet made a decision saying, "We will let people know here on Facebook if we decide to sell the seats."
WASHINGTON (AP) — The IRS says it's following President Donald Trump's executive order on health care by easing enforcement of the unpopular Obama-era requirement for people to have coverage or risk fines.
Trump directed federal agencies to ease the health law's rules after they took office.
An IRS spokesperson says the IRS had planned to start rejecting returns this year on which the taxpayer failed to indicate whether or not they had coverage.
But the IRS says it will keep processing such returns, as it has in the past.
Many of the law's supporters consider the coverage requirement essential for nudging younger, healthy people into the insurance pool to keep premiums in check.
The IRS says the requirement is still the law.
At Sony's CinemaCon presentation in Las Vegas, Sony Motion Pictures chairperson Tom Rothman revealed that 2017's surprise blockbuster “Jumanji” will be getting a sequel to premiere Christmastime of next year.
Rothman acknowledged that the release date would pit it against “Star Wars: Episode IX,” which is set to premiere around the same time.
“Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle,” starring Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart, has been one of the biggest blockbusters of the year, earning over $400 million domestically and with a global tally approaching $1 billion. After coming in second its premiere weekend to “Star Wars: The Last Jedi,” “Jumanji” accomplished the unusual feat of climbing to No. 1 in its fifth weekend, and remaining at the top for the following three weekends. After falling back to second to “Maze Runner: The Death Cure,” “Jumanji” rose back to No. 1 for a fourth weekend.
The film has been especially popular overseas, earning $77 million from China alone for a international cume of $552 million.
The action adventure film starred Johnson, Hart, Jack Black, and Karen Gillan as video game characters who adopt the personalities of high school students after the students are mysteriously sucked into the game. The film was directed by Jake Kasdan from a script by Chris McKenna. Nick Jonas and Bobby Cannavale also starred.
"Jumanji" sequel will arrive for Christmas 2019, Tom Rothman says #CinemaCon — Dave McNary (@Variety_DMcNary) April 24, 2018
Related stories
Sony Honchos Rally the Troops at All-Hands Meeting (EXCLUSIVE)
'God of War' Removes Most User-Interfaces With 'Immersive Mode'
Christine Birch Out as Sony Domestic Marketing Chief (EXCLUSIVE)
Subscribe to Variety Newsletters and Email Alerts!
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on charges filed against Turkish security agents in Washington, D.C. (all times EDT):
6:35 p.m.
A U.S. official says police in Washington will announce charges against 12 Turkish security agents related to violence that happened when Turkey's president visited last month.
The official says seven will be charged with felonies. D.C. police will announce charges against five for misdemeanors.
The official wasn't authorized to speak publicly on the matter ahead of Thursday's announcement and demanded anonymity.
Washington's mayor and police chief have scheduled a news conference to provide an update on arrests.
___
3:10 p.m.
Police say two men have been arrested for their role in a violent altercation outside the Turkish ambassador's residence during a visit to Washington by Turkey's president last month.
The Metropolitan Police Department said in a brief statement that Sinan Narin had been arrested in Virginia on an aggravated assault charge.
It said Eyup Yildirim had been arrested in New Jersey on charges of assault with significant bodily injury and aggravated assault.
The department released no further details about the suspects but said additional information would be available Wednesday.
U.S. officials had strongly criticized the Turkish government after President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's security forces pushed past police and violently broke up a protest outside the residence on May 16.
Emergency officials responded to a wreck Friday night on I-12 E involving four to five vehicles.
Officials say the incident happened just before 8 p.m. on Friday, February 2 on I-12 E near Exit 22 (Livingston/Frost). One person reportedly sustained critical injuries and was transported via AirMed. Officials also say a grass fire started on the side of the road due to spilled fuel.
I-12 East is closed at Livingston (MM 22) due to an accident. Traffic is being diverted off I-12 East at Satsuma (MM 19). Congestion has reached 5 miles in length. Please use alternate route. — Baton Rouge Traffic (@BR_Traffic) February 3, 2018
Details are limited at this time. We will update the story when we know more.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
EMBED >More News Videos The 29th Annual Professional BusinessWomen of California Conference is taking place at Moscone Center on Tuesday, and ABC7 is again a proud sponsor.
EMBED >More News Videos This edition of Beyond the Headlines focuses on a long standing organization called the Professional BusinessWomen of California, or PBWC.
Actress Ashley Judd talking about the #MeToo movement at the #PBWC. pic.twitter.com/ItSfNVEe8V — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) April 24, 2018
Loved meeting Benita Mays from Bank of the West. Such a treat to talk to viewers face to face instead of through a camera! #PBWC #standupliftup pic.twitter.com/XNbXJ2JWOw — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) April 24, 2018
Love meeting ABC7 News viewers! This is Janet Portley and they say they watch us every morning! #PBWC #standupliftup pic.twitter.com/ZJ71syiZ3j — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) April 24, 2018
We are here at the ABC7 news booth. Come say hi! #PBWC #standupliftup pic.twitter.com/HTVs6ySc3C — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) April 24, 2018
At least 6,000 people, mostly women, are attending the sold out Professional BusinessWomen of California Conference in San Francisco Tuesday.Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin, Ashley Judd and Maria Shriver are among the speakers and panelists at the conference, which focuses on empowering women and making improvements in the work place.ABC 7's Cheryl Jennings is serving as emcee and introducing an impressive list of speakers.Kaiser CEO Bernard Tyson talked about their ancestors who were slaves and how they now lead a major American company. "Nobody should own your dreams no matter how high or far you want to go, you can own that," they said."So far, it is more inspirational than expected. I thought it might be a little boring, but the speakers have been great," attendee Jacqui Bellini-Murray said.The 29th Annual Professional BusinessWomen of California Conference is taking place at Moscone Center, and ABC7 is again a proud sponsor.Judd is one of the many dynamic women who are bringing their passion to the conference. Judd is appearing on a panel focusing on the Me Too and Times Up movements.Bay Area Congresswoman Jackie Speier appeared with ABC7's Cheryl Jennings and talked about the conference and how this Me Too discussion is timely and important.Speier and Judd later addressed those at the conference in a discussion about keeping the movement alive. "It's a milestone that we are crossing and we have to do it for our kids and our grandkids and all those women who come after us," said the member of congress who said one of their greatest fears is that people will forget.Judd urged the women in the audience to set and maintain boundaries and when a problem arises, never go at it alone. "It takes guts to speak up but make sure you cultivate strong female alliances because they make the experience less lonely and more empowering," expressed Judd.This year's theme is "Stand Up, Lift Up." Speier founded the group in 1989. They recently appeared on ABC7's "Beyond the Headlines with Cheryl Jennings" and said this discussion is timely and important. "We are truly changing the culture at work for all time, so that our daughters and granddaughters are never going to have to deal with frankly what we had to deal with," Speier said.The key is to take the energy, lessons and connections out into the business world.Members of the ABC7 News team are leading panels designed to help women gain career confidence, media skills and more.But PBWC goes well beyond this one-day conference. Throughout the year, the organization works with its corporate partners to offer workshops, socials and mentorships - all designed to empower women in the workplace and in their lives.
Houston Astros' George Springer (4) and Jose Altuve (27) celebrate after they scored on teammate Carlos Correa's double in Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series against the Boston Red Sox, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip)
HOUSTON (AP) — Carlos Correa, Jose Altuve and the high-powered Astros led the majors in runs, hits and batting average in the regular season.
Now that it's playoff time, Houston is still hammering away.
Correa homered, doubled and drove in four runs, Altuve got two more hits and the Astros battered the Boston Red Sox 8-2 Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in Major League Baseball's AL Division Series.
George Springer also homered to back Dallas Keuchel in Houston's second straight romp by the same score.
"One through nine, everybody can do damage, everybody can go deep," Correa said. "That's the good thing about our lineup, there are no holes in our lineup, and we feel very confident no matter if we went 0 for 4 the day before or if we went 4 for 4."
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park, a year after Boston was swept in the ALDS by Cleveland. Brad Peacock (13-2) starts for Houston against Doug Fister (5-9).
"We couldn't really script it any better," Keuchel said.
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener, they got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz. Correa, who went 0 for 4 on Thursday, made it 2-0 when they launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field.
"For me if he's not No. 1, he's No. 2 in the league," Altuve said of Correa, often referring to them as their little brother. "One of the best players, I'm really happy to have them on my team. Believe it or not I have learned from him."
Keuchel pitched into the sixth, allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven to improve to 3-0 with a 0.96 ERA in three career postseason starts.
After Jackie Bradley Jr. had an RBI single in the Boston second, the Astros started to break away.
Springer hit their first postseason homer when they sent the second pitch of the third inning into the front row of the seats in right field.
So is Red Sox manager John Farrell surprised that the series has been this lopsided so far?
"They're very good, they're deep, and they have got a number of ways to beat you," they said. "So we fully respect and understood the opponent, and they're playing like that."
A double by Alex Bregman set up an RBI single by Altuve later in the third, making it 4-1 and ending Pomeranz's first career postseason start after two relief appearances. The lefty kept their head down as they trudged toward the dugout after being lifted.
David Price, the starter-turned-reliever with the $217 million contract, pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the Red Sox. Following their exit, Houston tacked on four runs in the sixth.
A two-out intentional walk to Altuve, the major league batting champion this season, led to a two-run double by Correa. The top overall pick in the 2012 draft and crown jewel of Houston's years-long rebuilding project raised their hands in delight and motioned for the crowd to get louder as they stopped at second base.
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when they caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as they tried to throw it back in. Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from them and they were charged with an error, allowing a run to score.
Left-hander Keuchel had trouble settling in early and after needing 30 pitches to get through the second inning, it looked like this start might be a short one. But they struck out the last two batters of that inning as the first of 13 straight they retired.
Some things to know for Wednesday's matchups:
WIZARDS AT RAPTORS
Series tied 2-2. Game 5, 7 p.m., NBATV
NEED TO KNOW: The home team has won each game so far. The Wizards absolutely need at least one road victory, and they've been here before: Washington was eliminated a year ago in the second round against Boston after going 3-0 in at home and 0-4 in away games.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Toronto's 3-point shooting. The Raptors attempted a season-low 18 shots from beyond the arc, making seven, in its Game 4 loss . They never took fewer than 21 in any regular-season game, and averaged 13.7 made 3s and 31 attempts in Games 1-3.
PRESSURE IS ON: DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry. While Washington's All-Star backcourt duo of John Wall (26.8 points, 13 assists and 4.8 rebounds) and Bradley Beal (29.5 ppg the past two games) led the Wizards in Games 3 and 4, Toronto's counterparts have not been very efficient lately. Lowry is shooting 41.7 per cent, and DeRozan is at 44 after going 10 for 29 in Game 4.
INJURY UPDATE: Because of an injured right shoulder, Raptors PG Fred VanVleet has played a total of only three minutes in the series.
PACERS AT CAVALIERS
Series tied 2-2. Game 5, 7 p.m. TNT
NEED TO KNOW: After scoring 32 points in the opener, Pacers guard Victor Oladipo has scored 18 and 17 in the past two games and is just 10 of 35 from the field. Cleveland has been blitzing and trapping Oladipo, forcing them to pass or rush their shot.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Lance Stephenson. Indiana's always entertaining swingman baited James into a technical foul in Game 4, when they also wrapped up Cleveland's Jeff Green late in the game and spun them to the floor.
PRESSURE IS ON: Cavs coach Tyronn Lue. While he's had to sort through injuries and battled their own health issues all season, he's been criticized for some decisions, including a reluctance to play forward Tristan Thompson in this series. If the Cavs go down 3-2 or are eliminated, look out.
INJURY UPDATE: Cavaliers starting G George Hill (back spasms ) is questionable. They received injections but couldn't play in Game 4.
JAZZ AT THUNDER
Thunder lead 3-1. Game 5, 9:30 p.m. Central, NBA TV.
NEED TO KNOW: Jazz rookie Donovan Mitchell is averaging 27.5 points and 8.5 rebounds while shooting 45 per cent from the field. He's averaging 17.3 points in the second half and shooting 46 per cent.
They topped Karl Malone's rookie playoff record with 33 points in Game 4.
"I'm not trying to think about all that now," they said. "We have bigger things to worry about right now as a team."
KEEP AN EYE ON: Thunder F Carmelo Anthony. He's shooting 37 per cent from the field and 23.1 per cent from 3-point range. They were brought to the Thunder to take pressure off Thunder G Russell Westbrook, but their inability to make shots has only made things more difficult.
PRESSURE IS ON: Westbrook. While averaging 21.3 points, 11.8 rebounds and 8.3 assists, he's only shooting 37 per cent, 21 on 3s. Westbrook normally attacks with reckless abandon, but 7-foot-1 Jazz centre Rudy Gobert is making that tougher.
INTRIGUING MATCHUP: Thunder F Paul George vs. Jazz F Joe Ingles. George has been solid, averaging 27.3 points. But their focus has drifted and they have got caught up in some of Ingles' agitating tactics. George was the aggressor in Game 4 , at one point shoving Ingles and getting a technical.
TIMBERWOLVES AT ROCKETS
Rockets lead 3-1. Game 5, 9:30 p.m., TNT.
NEED TO KNOW: Timberwolves might still be reeling from the 50-point third quarter the Rockets posted to turn a tight Game 4 into a rout . Minnesota actually outshot Houston for the third straight game, but only turned that into one victory. "Everybody will look at the 50 points that we scored in the quarter, but it was our defence," said Chris Paul, who had 15 of their 25 points over those torrid 12 minutes.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Rockets sixth man Eric Gordon. After shooting just 11 for 39 over the first three games, they scored a series-high 18 in Game 4. They hit four 3s, including a buzzer-beater at the end of the third to fulfil the 50-point quarter goal the Rockets have been trying to reach for two years under coach Mike D'Antoni.
PRESSURE IS ON: Wolves G Jimmy Butler. While the Rockets were running away in the third, Butler forced some shots in a frantic attempt to keep up. The team's best defender must also try to figure out how to better disrupt the high ball screens the Rockets set on Harden to set up those frequent 3s.
INJURY UPDATE: Wolves PG Jeff Teague dislocated their right pinky finger in Game 4 and struggled with two points on 1-for-7 shooting in 28 minutes with four fouls and three turnovers.
___
AP Sports Writers Howard Fendrich, Cliff Brunt and Dave Campbell contributed to this report.
___
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
This is the year you become a writer. And what do writers do? They write, of course.
There's nothing mystical or magical about it. You just have to show up and do the work: place butt in chair, fingers on keys, and start typing.
And this is where most people fail. They never actually write a word. They talk about writing, think about writing, even read about writing. But they do not write.
Bonus: Join my free, 31-day writing challenge and get a daily writing prompt for the next month. Join my free, 31-day writing challenge and get a daily writing prompt for the next month. Click here to sign up.
How writing (really) happens
You told yourself last year was going to be different, that you were actually going to do NaNoWriMo this time. That you were going to work on that book or get back into blogging.
But none of that happened. Why? Because you attempted too much. You tried to eat the whole elephant in one bite. And that never works when it comes to writing.
Here's what I know about writing: It happens in small bites. Step by step. One little chunk at a time.
You don't write a whole book. You write sentences that turn into paragraphs. And paragraphs turn into sections that, then, turn into chapters.
In other words, it all begins with words.
You don't control the outcome, just the process
I'm in the middle of writing my next book right now, and it's scaring me to death. It feels so important, so audacious, that I'm locking up, completely paralyzed.
I don't want to mess this up (it's supposed to be the best thing I've written so far). And because of that fear I'm having trouble starting. So what do I do?
Do I try to write the whole thing in one sitting or keep fixating over the book concept? Do I continue obsessing over getting the table of contents just right or worry about what critics will think of this sentence or that paragraph?
No. I just get up and write my 500 words. Turns out, that's all writing really is — showing up. Not worrying about the outcome, just honoring the process. (You may tweet that.)
This is all writing really is: showing up. Not worrying about the outcome, just honoring the process. http://t.co/eSVkNnNlRf — Jeff Goins (@JeffGoins) January 1, 2014
Join the 31-day challenge
500 words is short enough that you can usually find time to do it daily, and it's long enough that if you stick to a schedule, you'll have something substantial in no time.
It takes me anywhere from 30-60 minutes to write 500 words. And if I keep up with that pace, I've got a book in 90 days. That's my plan for finishing my next book: 500 words per day, every day, until it's done. And I want you to join me.
If you've ever wanted to develop a daily writing habit or need help getting back on the horse, then you'll want to get in on this.
My 500 Words is a 31-day challenge designed to help you develop a daily writing habit and become a better writer.
For 31 days, we'll be writing 500 words a day. These won't be great words, but they will be written. We're not trying to reach perfection; we're just trying to get more ideas out of our heads and onto paper.
And if you want to be part of this, we can keep each other company.
The rules
Write 500 words per day , every day for 31 days.
, every day for 31 days. You can write more if you want , but 500 words is the minimum.
, but 500 words is the minimum. Don't edit . Just write.
. Just write. If you miss a day, pick up where you left off. Don't make up for lost days.
for lost days. Encourage , don't criticize (unless explicitly invited to do so).
, don't criticize (unless explicitly invited to do so). Blogging counts , but email does not.
, but email does not. All of this is totally free.
How it works
Leave a comment at the end of this post, saying you're “in.” Add your blog to the linkup on the 500 Words Page, if you're a blogger. Write every day, and record your progress (I'll be using Lift). Join the Facebook group for extra accountability and encouragement. You can also follow along via Twitter with the hash tag #my500words. Sign up for the free challenge to get writing prompts and nudges sent to you via email.
My 500 Words challenge and jump-start your writing habit To get started with thechallenge and jump-start your writing habit sign up for free by clicking here
So… are you in? What will you be writing this month? Share in the comments.
DeMarcus Cousins will make an early season trip back to Sacramento, while Gordon Hayward will wait almost all season to see Utah again.
Chris Paul's return to their old Clippers home is part of a Martin Luther King Jr. day tripleheader that includes another NBA Finals rematch, while Paul George and Jimmy Butler also learned the dates of their return games Monday when the NBA released its full 2017-18 schedule — which for the first time in history features no teams playing four games in five nights.
The league had unveiled its opening-week national TV games and its five-game Christmas schedule last week. Opening night is Oct. 17, the earliest the regular season has started in 37 years.
Cousins will then return to California's capital city to play for the first time since the Kings traded them to New Orleans last February when the Pelicans visit on Oct. 26 as part of a TNT doubleheader.
From there, it's another five months until Hayward plays in Salt Lake City for the first time since joining the Boston Celtics as a free agent in July. The Celtics visit the Jazz on March 28 for an ESPN game.
Other nights of note:
— George travels back to Indiana on Dec. 13 for the first time since the Pacers surprisingly dealt them to Oklahoma City.
— Butler, another All-Star who went East to West in the summer, takes the Timberwolves into Chicago on Feb. 9.
— The NBA's top two picks go head-to-head for the first time Nov. 15 when Markelle Fultz and Philadelphia visit Lonzo Ball and the Lakers.
— The All-Star Game is Feb. 18 in Los Angeles.
The Christmas schedule, as usual, is headlined by NBA Finals foes Golden State and Cleveland meeting for the first time since the Warriors' five-game victory in June. They will meet again on Jan. 15 on the Cavaliers' home floor.
Later that night, Paul's Houston Rockets play the Clippers at Staples Center for the first time since acquiring the point guard to play alongside James Harden in their backcourt. The opener of the TNT tripleheader features Memphis' return to the Martin Luther King Jr. Day schedule, hosting the Lakers.
The regular season ends April 11.
———
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Asked about players who did not stand for the national anthem before preseason games, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Monday that while the playing of the anthem is a special moment to him, "we also have to understand the other side."
Goodell made the comments at University of Phoenix Stadium during a 45-minute question-and-answer period with Arizona Cardinals club seat holders. One season ticket-holder, Bruce Olson, asked the commissioner whether players were going to continue to protest during the anthem and if anything could be done about it.
"It's one of those things where I think we have to understand that there are people that have different viewpoints," Goodell said. "The national anthem is a special moment to me. It's a point of pride. But we also have to understand the other side, that people do have rights and we want to respect those."
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett sat on the visiting bench during the anthem before the preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday, a decision they made before weekend protests by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia. Bennett has said that the aim of their protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, they hope to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat on a cooler during the anthem Saturday night on the field at University of Phoenix Stadium. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised a first before their team's game.
The fact that former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick is still looking for a team to play for after their kneel-down protests last season is also still a hot topic.
Goodell, without mentioning any of the players, said other players are taking the platform they have into local communities to create dialogue toward positive change.
"Protest to progress is what I call it, and we all have to recognize that if we want to see change, let's go out and try to make that change happen in a peaceful and important way," Goodell said.
Olson, who described themselves as a season-ticket holder "since Day 1," said the commissioner "beat around the bush" on the issue. They said he'd like Goodell to take a tougher stance.
"The thing is, all they (Lynch) has to do is stand up for two minutes and they can still have whatever beliefs they want. Go with what looks good for the game and to the people," Olson said. "He (Goodell) makes rules and, 'You do this, you do that,' why can't they just say 'You stand up. You can believe what you want or do what you want. Just stand up like a man.'"
Goodell also addressed other issues:
— On starting the season with a major star suspended, as is the case with Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott, who is out for six games after the league investigated accusations of domestic violence against him: "You never like to see that happen. That's not something good. Those things are dictated by circumstances. We do everything we can to make sure we're enforcing our policies and holding the standards to the highest level. That's an unfortunate part of that, but that's what you do."
— On the rule change that will allow players more freedom to celebrate big plays: "They (players) were a driving force behind our changes in the celebration rule. They've been very impactful in the way we think about different aspects of our game and our experience in what we need to do."
— On concussions, when a fan asked them about safety for their 10-year-old son: "The most important thing is to get the right facts, and we've put all our facts out there. We want a greater awareness. . The reality is nowadays we're so much smarter about the brain and injuries, and we have so much further to go."
___
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
PHOENIX (AP) — Suns guard Isaiah Canaan has broken their left ankle in a gruesome injury against the Dallas Mavericks.
The backup point guard's ankle gave way on a baseline drive to the basket in the final seconds of the first quarter Wednesday night. Their foot was pointing in the wrong direction as they tumbled to the court, and there were groans from the crowd and looks of shock from their Phoenix teammates as trainers rushed to him.
Canaan was loaded onto a stretcher and wheeled off the court.
In their fifth NBA season, Canaan was signed by the Suns on Dec. 13 after being waived by Houston on Oct. 28.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Turkish President Erdoğan issues ultimatum to Washington and Brussels
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, when visiting Greece, called for a revision of the 1923 Lausanne Treaty. This is a sensational news, the significance of which is comparable to Trump's recent recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. In fact, it means the beginning of the revision of the world order established after WWI.
What is the Lausanne Treaty?
The Lausanne Treaty is an international document, which consolidated the results of the First World War for Turkey in 1923. As a result of the treaty, the former Ottoman Empire lost Arabia, Egypt, Sudan, Tripolitania and Cyrenaica (two main parts of Libya), Mesopotamia (Iraq), Palestine (present-day Israel and Palestine), Trans-Jordan (present-day Jordan), Lebanon, Syria, as well as islands in the Aegean Sea.
What did Erdoğan say?
"The Lausanne Treaty needs to be revised in the light of current events. This revision will be useful not only for Turkey, but for Greece. When I talk about the revision, we need to discuss everything from alpha to omega. Perhaps, Greece may find some issues and forecasts annoying, but we can sit down and discuss ... This will concern not only Greece, but the entire region," the Turkish president said.
What does this mean?
One should pay attention to the scale of Erdoğan's statement. The Turkish president calls to revise everything from alpha to omega that will concern not only Greece, but the entire region. It goes about something bigger than the question of bilateral relations between Ankara and Athens. Yet, even this bilateral format stipulates for the expansion to the problems of Cyprus, the division of the shelf, the exploitation of offshore oil and gas fields.
In fact, it goes about the whole complex of relations between Turkey and the West: NATO and the EU. Erdoğan has actually put forward an ultimatum to Washington and Brussels: if you want Turkey to remain your strategic ally and a NATO member that would deploy your armed forces on its territory and generally represent and defend your interests in the Middle East and the Black Sea, in the face of Russia and Iran; if you want Ankara to continue to restrain the flow of refugees and cooperate in the struggle against extremism and terrorism, then you have to make some concessions. Erdoğan wants NATO and the West to help Turkey to strengthen its positions in the Balkans and in the Middle East, in the Islamic world on the whole, then the West will have to confirm Turkey's special role and open up clear prospects for strategic economic and investment cooperation in the club of Western powers.
If the West says no to it, then Western countries may expect major problems. The Turks have vividly shown that they can work effectively with Russia and Iran.
Is Erdoğan building anything new?
There is nothing new about the most recent initiative from the Turkish president. Turkey has long sought to join the ranks of the "European elite" to be on equal footing with Britain, France, Austria, Prussia. The cherished dream has never materialised for Turkey, though. Turkey did not acquire the status of a full member of the Western club even after the country joined NATO: it was never admitted to the European Union. Therefore, Erdoğan's ultimatum to the West comes as a continuation of Turkey's eternal policy of blackmail: either you take us to your company or we go to join your opponents.
From the point of view of the current dynamics of political processes in the Middle East and Europe, Ankara's new step certainly creates a new reality and new prospects.
Conclusions
The first conclusion that can be drawn from the above: as long as Erdoğan puts forward such an ultimatum, they believe that they have enough or almost enough energy for this. They believe that cooperation with Russia and Iran has made them strong enough to raise rates in bargaining with the West. The West has become weaker because of the Trump factor and the ongoing crisis in the EU.
Conclusion No.2: Erdoğan believes that the quality of relations with Russia and Iran has become outdated, and now is the time to convert it into a new quality of Turkey's foreign policy role. Ankara is ready to turn away from Moscow and Tehran. If the West does not agree to Erdoğan's conditions, then cooperation within the framework of this triangle will need to be translated to a higher quality.
Conclusion No. 3: Erdoğan will demand support for their idea of revising the Lausanne Treaty in any case both from the West and from Russia with Iran, although requirements will be different.
Conclusion No. 4: Most likely, the West will not yield to Erdoğan and will try to force Ankara to seek solutions to its problems in an alliance with Russia and Iran. These problems can create many difficulties for Moscow and Tehran. Russia is unlikely to agree to support Turkey's strategic aspirations in the Aegean Sea, the Balkans, the Transcaucasus, the Caspian region and in Central Asia. Iran may well be interested in the prospect of cooperation with Turkey to put pressure on Russia's interests in the Caucasus and the Caspian.
Dmitry Nersesov
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Local historian Keith Johnson takes a look at an alleged rape that left more questions than answers...
On the first Thursday of August 1867 William Ascroft, who resided at Walton-le-Dale, appeared at the Preston Police Court accused of criminally assaulting Mary Ann Garlington, aged 14, early on the previous Sunday morning.
READ MORE: Lightning strike kills boy, 15, near Preston https://www.lep.co.uk/lifestyle/nostalgia/lightning-strike-kills-boy-15-near-preston-1-8979147
They allegedly stole from them a pair of boots, a pair of clogs and two shillings in money.
According to the prosecution the victim had met with the prisoner in Lancaster Road late on the previous Saturday evening. The prisoner had asked where they lived and when they said Walton-le-Dale they said they also lived out that way and would accompany them home.
The pair agreed to walk together and took a route through Frenchwood that led to Swillbrook Lane. Halfway down the lane the accused had taken indecent liberties with them In consequence of their screams three men who were also making their way from Preston seized the apparent offender and took them to a police officer.
Unfortunately, they were a new recruit and did not appear to understand the seriousness of the situation and allowed the accused to walk away.
The girl was the first witness called and they told how they had put their bare hand over their mouth so they could not scream and then sexually assaulted them Afterwards they had pulled them newly bought boots off their feet, taking them along with a pair of clogs they had been carrying and what money they had in their pocket.
They screamed for help and the three men came to their aid within minutes. That evening they had gone into town with their friend, Thomas Seed, but they had become parted when they had gone to deliver a message.
Dr. Brown deposed that they examined the girl on the Sunday morning and said that they did not find any marks indicating that a violent act had taken place, although there were signs of recent sexual intercourse.
Detective Mathers stated that when they apprehended the prisoner the next day and accused them of ravishing the girl and stealing their belongings they had replied, “Yes. They say so.”
Sgt. Turner of the county police force stated that they had examined the place where the girl was found and there were appearances of a scuffle having taken place. They had examined the prisoner's clothing and found a thorn in their stocking beneath their foot. The missing items had not been found and Ascroft had denied all knowledge of them or their whereabouts.
Mr. Blackhurst spoke on behalf of the accused saying they denied the charge and would produce witnesses to show that they were in the Cross Axes Inn on St. Johns Street at the time of the attack and only headed towards Swillbrook later. William Green, weaver, was one of those who testified, telling the court they had gone from the inn to a tripe shop in Water Street together.
The magistrates concluded that it was a painful case and came to the decision that it ought to be decided by a jury and committed Ascroft to the next Liverpool Assizes on bail sureties of £100.
The trial took place in late August 1867 before Lord Chief Justice Bovill and after going through the evidence and hearing from those who testified as to being in Ascroft's company that night the jury retired.
The defence claimed a case of mistaken identity and after their deliberations the jury returned a verdict of not guilty of rape and Justice Bovill told the accused they were free to go.
The heartache and distress of the 2016 presidential race still remain as intense as if the election happened yesterday.
If you don't consider yourself an election junkie, you might find it unfortunate we are now only a little more than a year from the start of the 2020 campaign. Considering the deeply-felt antipathy on the left for President Donald Trump, it's hard to imagine that there won't be a veritable stampede of Democrats throwing their hats in the primary ring once the November 2018 midterms have concluded. In some ways, it feels as if the election has already begun: President Trump, whose behavior is predictably similar to Candidate Trump, has been holding campaign-style rallies and broadcasting ads. One Democrat, Congressman John Delaney of Maryland, has already declared their candidacy.
Over the next few years, the Democratic Party will have some tough work to do. It will face enormous pressure from its voter base to prevent Trump's damaging agenda from becoming law. But in order to have a viable message in 2020, it will need to come up with some concrete policy solutions that have more substance than just “nay.” Becoming known just as the “party of no” would surely be detrimental to future success: When a “party of no” reassumes positions of leadership, it is in no position to govern. At a time when Democrats are still plagued with accusations that they remain out-of-touch with the concerns of working-class Americans, it is critical to the survival of the party to build a coalition that can last. The party is in flux, and it's not clear who speaks for it. The lack of a rising star clearly destined for the bright lights (such as a certain young first-year student senator from Illinois), combined with the advanced age of many established Democrats, suggests that the identity of the next presidential nominee is anyone's guess.
This lack of certainty has led to a proliferation of wildly speculative and lengthy lists of possible contenders from seemingly sure bets such as Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren to long-shots such as Los Angeles mayor Eric Garcetti. Some, such as Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, would be forehead-on-the-keyboard candidates from my perspective. But there's one name that many commentators have ignored: former Vice-President Al Gore, who reemerged this summer with the release of their second film, “An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power.”
Some possible candidates that have been floated, such as Sens. Kamala Harris and Cory Booker, have proven themselves to be excellent flight attendants of their respective offices and would no doubt serve the country extremely well as President. But what they have in policy smarts and capability, they often lack in name recognition, party support, campaign organization and funding necessary to force a contest. Gore has all of the above plus a powerful asset in presidential politics and out-and-out contrast to Trump: credibility. They were a long-serving senator and two-term Vice-President who won the popular vote in a presidential election. There are likely to be few American voters who don't know their name.
Furthermore, it's reasonable to argue that Gore would enjoy a relatively high level of favorability among progressive Democrats. Given the events of 2000 and the subsequent Bush v. Gore decision, lingering feelings of injustice and regret about what could have/should have been if only the recount had continued could give Gore an edge. Many Democrats feel that if Gore had been the president we so desperately needed in the 2000s, the U.S. would hold a stronger position in the world not only on climate policy but also abroad in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Of course, no candidate has the combination of credibility and commitment that Gore has when it comes to the existential threat of climate change. Though he's been out of politics for 17 years, they have never left the fight, proving themselves to be the rare politician who cares about the issues more than they love the game. Gore could make the climate an organizing issue that the Democratic Party so desperately needs: We can't grow the middle class or address other issues such as education, health care, income inequality and immigration very well if we are fighting wars over diminishing resources or spending billions holding back the rising seas and rebuilding communities following natural disasters.
It would be a mistake, though, to dismiss Gore as a single-issue candidate, who rarely succeed in American politics. Their relatively mainstream progressive views would be less likely to alienate more moderate Democrats than those of Sanders, for example. Most importantly, after their long record of political service in the public and private sectors, they would bring smart and proven expeditiousness and an exhaustive familiarity with American political life to the Oval Office. While the biggest obstacle to a Gore candidacy could be Gore themselves — they haven't suggested that he's even considering a run — their expertise could be Democrats' saving grace.
Iran's Oil Ministry has published list of 29 international companies qualified to bid for oil and gas projects following the lifting of sanctions under a landmark nuclear accord.
The list published on the ministry's website Monday includes several multinational firms, among them Total, Shell, Eni, Gazprom and Schlumberger.
In October, Iran invited foreign companies to bid for 50 exploration and production projects for the first time since the 2015 nuclear deal with world powers.
Iran has upgraded its model for oil contracts, allowing for the full recovery of costs over almost two decades. In October, Iran signed the first such contract with a local oil company.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The real fun will come before the fight, and what a spectacle it should be. Put Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor on a stage together to promote their fight and anything can happen.
Put them together in a ring, though, and it's an absolute mismatch.
That's the first thing to consider when all the talk begins about what a devastating puncher McGregor is. The first thing to think about when it's suggested that Mayweather may have lost some of their skills after two years of traveling the world in their private jet.
If you thought you were snookered out of $100 when Mayweather fought a snoozer against Manny Pacquiao, you might keep a firm hand on your wallet. The greatest defensive fighter of their time against a guy who has never thrown a punch in a pro boxing match?
Let the yawning begin.
This could be 12 rounds of tedium on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas that makes Mayweather-Pacquiao look like Hagler-Hearns in comparison. It might be some kind of bizarre disqualification when McGregor finds out Mayweather doesn't stick their chin out to be hit the way some UFC fighters do or really does try to kick Mayweather when he's down.
What it won't be is any kind of legitimate fight, no matter how much rabid UFC fans want desperately to believe it will be.
That's no knock on McGregor, who is a ferocious puncher in the octagon with a personality to match their power. Indeed, they would likely be heavily favored over Mayweather had the two decided to do the fight under UFC rules.
One of the great trash talkers, too, who was just warming up on Wednesday when they told UFC chief Dana White what their intentions are.
"Conor told me this morning the McGregor clan has been taking over villages for 300 years," White said, "and that Floyd's village is next."
Good stuff, and there's lots more to come. McGregor can turn a phrase as well as they can throw a punch or a water bottle at an opponent.
If this was a reality show it would be a hit in the ratings. Just imagine the scene when McGregor rolls into Mayweather's new strip club in Las Vegas and mimics their propensity for throwing cash around.
But this is a boxing match, and Mayweather is a masterful boxer. They were throwing punches before they could walk, and if they had elected to stay in retirement he'd still be considered one of the top 10 fighters ever.
Two years out of the ring won't change that. Age won't be a factor, either, and Mayweather has never let themselves get out of shape.
Oddsmakers in this gambling city understand that, setting the initial line at a whopping 11-1 in Mayweather's favor. It would be even higher than that, but UFC fans will be lining up with $20 bills in hand to bet their man as an underdog.
"Realistically if we were just putting up a number and didn't have to take bets on it, Floyd would be 100-1," said Nick Bogdanovich, oddsmaker for the William Hill chain.
Mayweather was out on a run in Los Angeles when the fight was announced, training intensely already like they always do. Someone else will have to watch over the strip club for a few months while they focus on the task at hand.
There's huge money at stake, even for a fighter who made more than $200 million for beating Pacquiao. No one is making predictions, but it's likely the hybrid fight will at least end up in second place in pay-per-view sales behind the $400 million or so brought in by the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight.
Balance that against the chance McGregor may ruin their brand — and that of the UFC — by being embarrassed by Mayweather in the ring, and the money wins out.
Even White, who was initially skeptical about putting their star in a boxing match, seems ready now to push the idea that they could actually win.
"I've stopped doubting this kid a long time ago," White said. "The reason he's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone, anywhere, at any time."
Give McGregor credit for doing that, but give them even more credit for what turned out to be a masterful plan to make the fight happen. It was two years ago that they first suggested they could beat Mayweather in a boxing ring, and he's trolled Mayweather ever since, jabbing at every opening until they finally got them to sign on the dotted line.
Sure, it's a freak show of sorts, bordering on something you see in WWE. But both fighters know their roles, and they will play them well.
So enjoy the ride, because it should be a wild one.
Just understand that the fun almost surely ends when the opening bell rings.
___
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at tdahlberg@ap.org or http:twitter.com//timdahlberg
Russell Westbrook has been fined $10,000 and assessed a postgame technical foul for initiating a confrontation with Utah Jazz center Rudy Gobert on Monday.
The league made the announcement Tuesday.
The Oklahoma City Thunder guard came onto the court as a substitution following a stoppage with 7:55 remaining in the fourth quarter of a 113-96 Game 4 loss to the Jazz. They intervened in an incident between Gobert and Oklahoma City backup point guard Raymond Felton.
Westbrook committed four fouls in the first half and finished with five. They had 23 points and 14 rebounds, but had just three assists and made 7 of 18 shots.
The Thunder trail the Jazz 3-1 and host Utah on Wednesday in an elimination game.
___
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
TORONTO — The Toronto Maple Leafs' season has come down to one game, and head coach Mike Babcock says they should embrace it.
The Leafs defeated the Boston Bruins 3-1 on Monday night to tie their best-of-seven opening round series at three games apiece.
The deciding game will be played Wednesday in Boston.
There's obvious pressure involved in a deciding game, but Babcock feels it's chance for a team to prove it's capable of winning big contests.
#Fremont: #Tesla has leased two office bldgs in the city's Ardenwood area. Property could accom. 1,000 workers or more based on zoning. pic.twitter.com/xwIEmneEsG — Chris Nguyen ABC7 (@ChrisNguyenTV) October 6, 2017
#MORE: Complex is on Dumbarton Circle. Very quiet area bordering with Newark. Not far from the access points to the Dumbarton Bridge. pic.twitter.com/FCljm1a881 — Chris Nguyen ABC7 (@ChrisNguyenTV) October 6, 2017
Renovations have begun on two large office buildings in Fremont that will eventually be occupied by Tesla, according to public documents filed with the Alameda County Recorder's Office.Our media partner, the Bay Area News Group, says the electric vehicle maker has leased offices at 6800 & 6900 Dumbarton Circle, near the access roads to the Dumbarton Bridge.The two buildings have a combined total of 230,000 square feet and can accommodate more than 1,000 employees, based on the county's typical zoning and planning regulations. The development firm Peery Arrillaga currently owns the buildings and will be Tesla's new landlord.The complex, which sits close to the Newark and Fremont border, is surrounded by other office parks and facilities. We spoke to nearby retail and restaurant owners who say they're looking forward to welcoming Tesla to the neighborhood.Fremont Chamber of Commerce officials tell ABC7 News it's not surprising that companies such as Tesla would want to expand, relocate, or set up shop in the city, given the increase in amenities to the region, as well as the plans to expand public transit. The company did not return our request for comment.However, local residents are concerned about housing prices going up, along with traffic gridlock, as the city transforms from what was once a sleepy blue-collar town to being situated in Silicon Valley. One resident told us the rent for their apartment went up nearly $500 per month without advance warning from their landlords.Tesla has not returned our request for comment on its expansion plans.Watch ABC7 News at 4 p.m. and 5 p.m. for more on this story. Follow reporter Chris Nguyen on Twitter for the latest updates.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has harshly criticized Israel and the United States over the US stance on Jerusalem (AFP Photo/YASIN BULBUL)
Ankara (Turkey) (AFP) - Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan warned the United States on Monday it was a "partner to bloodshed" after Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel sparked violence.
Erdoğan bitterly opposes Trump's decision and has sought to mobilise the Muslim world against it, calling a summit of Islamic countries on December 13 in Istanbul.
The Turkish president, who regards themselves as a champion of the Palestinian cause, said the "struggle" of Muslims would not end until there was an independent Palestinian state.
"They will never be able to clean the blood," they said in a speech in Ankara.
"With this recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, it (the United States) has become a partner to this bloodshed. We do not recognise this decision, we will not," they added.
Turkey had high hopes for relations under the Trump presidency, but ties have frayed with rows over the Syria conflict, a New York legal case and now Jerusalem.
Erdoğan said that the current "vandalism and cruelty" in Jerusalem would not last. "Those who think they own Jerusalem today will not find trees to hide behind," they said.
Trump's move has ignited protests across the Islamic world and deadly violence in the Palestinian territories.
They said Wednesday's summit of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) in Istanbul would be a "turning point" on the issue.
Erdoğan and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had traded verbal blows at the weekend, with the Turkish leader describing Israel as a "terrorist state" that kills children.
Hours later Netanyahu hit back, calling their counterpart a leader who bombs Kurdish villagers and supports terrorists, during an official visit to Paris.
However Erdoğan did not refer to Netanyahu in their latest speech.
Last year, Turkey and Israel ended a rift triggered by Israel's storming in 2010 of a Gaza-bound ship that left 10 Turkish activists dead and led to a downgrading of diplomatic ties.
The two sides have since stepped up cooperation, particularly in energy, but Erdoğan has repeatedly been bitterly critical of Israeli policy.
Marvel
After Thor: Ragnarok set photos revealed Chris Hemsworth holding a card with Doctor Strange's address on it, rumors began circulating about a possible Benedict Cumberbatch cameo. When asked about it, director Taika Waititi refused to comment — though their initial non-statement was rendered meaningless once audiences saw the Doctor Strange mid-credits scene featuring Hemsworth and Cumberbatch. Yet even the pair's humorous exchange wasn't enough to officially confirm the British actor's possible role in the third Thor film.
Thanks to the latest newsletter from Disney's D23 fan club, however, audiences can now expect Cumberbatch to stand alongside Hemsworth and Hulk actor Mark Ruffalo in some capacity:
If you need even more intergalactic, world-saving action, Thor: Ragnarok in November brings together Thor, the Hulk, and Doctor Strange to face off against intergalactic baddies both familiar and new.
The announcement finally confirms what Marvel fans have long suspected, though it doesn't necessarily explain the nature of Cumberbatch's involvement. According to the mid-credits scene in Doctor Strange, Thor has returned to earth seeking the whereabouts of their half-brother Loki for purposes unknown. Yet the god of thunder is apparently unable to find their mischievous kin on their own, so they seek Strange's assistance in the matter.
As ComingSoon.net points out, the Doctor Strange and Hulk characters have a long, complex history in the original comics. What's more, the initial set photo featuring Thor holding a card with Strange's address is quite literally ripped from an older comic book story line, so it's a sure bet that Cumberbatch may be doing more in Thor: Ragnarok than seeing the sights in New York with Thor and Loki.
Thor: Ragnarok will usher in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's equivalent to the biblical apocalypse on November 3, 2017.
(Via ComingSoon.net)
Search
No prizes for guessing who Andrea Leadsom is talking about:
“As you said last week, Mr Speaker, we have a responsibility to safeguard the rights of this House and as Leader of the House I seek to do exactly that, treating all members of parliament with courtesy and respect. I hope and expect all Honourable and Right Honourable members to do likewise.”
SALEM, Ore. (AP) — The head of Oregon's emergency management agency has apologized after a cryptic emergency alert was forced out to cellphones in and around Oregon's capital city, displaying the words "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action," but carrying little other information.
Andrew Phelps said late Tuesday that a technical glitch had cut off crucial information: that the alert concerned elevated levels of a natural toxin in a local reservoir. Children and people with compromised immune systems have been told not to drink tap water in the Salem, Oregon, area, after an algae bloom caused the spike.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on the social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
The systems are capable of pushing messages directly to every cellphone in a given area even if users haven't subscribed or downloaded an app. Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with a spokesperson telling reporters the message had caught them unawares and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website, which briefly crashed under the load.
Within hours of the alert going out Tuesday night, the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center were stripped of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers had brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
Wednesday morning Cole Mahaffey, a Salem resident, set down a case of bottled water they were carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on their phone, with an ominous warning but no other information.
"It almost made me not want to go outside," Mahaffey said, adding that the alert caught them at the gym, and that they had interrupted their exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about. "I didn't know if there was something going on in the area, or if there was a shooter, you just had no way of knowing."
Darchinyan had just two losses, to Nonito Donaire in 2007 and Joseph Agbeko in 2009.
On December 12, 2009 at Agua Caliente Casino in Rancho Mirage, California, super flyweight champion Vic Darchinyan, from Vanadzor, Armenia, defended their WBC and WBA titles against Tomas “Gusano” Rojas, from Veracruz, Mexico. Darchinyan, aptly nicknamed Raging Bull, was 32-2-1 at the time, with their two losses coming at the hands of Nonito Donaire in 2007 and Joseph Agbeko in 2009. Rojas, 31-11-1, hadn't fought such starry competition. But if they wanted to see stars, welcome to Darchinyan's world…
Gov. Rick Scott on Monday signed Florida's opioid legislation into law, a move seen by many as a good first step in combating a crisis that has claimed at least 16 lives a day in the Sunshine State.
"What it does take is a pretty comprehensive approach to addressing the epidemic," said Mark Fontaine, Executive Director for the Florida Alcohol and Drug Abuse Association. "It has education programs and helps control the measures for availability."
The legislation includes tougher limits on most painkiller prescriptions, more money for treatment programs and requirements for physicians to check the state's prescription database. The Republican governor and the state Legislature had made passing opioid legislation a priority of the recently concluded session.
Opioid-related deaths across Florida have jumped 35 percent from 2015 to 2016, according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Opioids were identified as either the cause of death or were present in the deceased person's body in 5,725 cases in 2016. The 2017 figures are still being compiled.
"I don't think anyone wakes up in the morning with the goal of becoming an addict. This will make a big difference in reducing the number of addicts," said Scott, who signed the bill at the Manatee County Sheriff's Office in Bradenton.
Manatee County suffered the highest ratio of deaths in Florida in 2016 from fentanyl analogs — synthetic versions of fentanyl that can be 5,000 times more lethal than heroin.
House speaker Richard Corcoran, who attended the signing, said the measure is one of the first in Florida that attempts to combat the opioids crisis at the front end by limiting supplies and by doctors' checks on the prescription database.
The new laws, which take effect July 1, also contains some of the nation's toughest mandates on initial prescriptions for Schedule II painkillers such as Oxycontin and Fentanyl. The initial limit would be three days, but doctors could prescribe up to seven days for acute pain exceptions. It does not place medication limits for trauma cases, chronic pain, cancer and terminal illnesses.
Florida is the 25th state since 2016 that has passed legislation that imposes some limits or guidelines on opioid prescriptions. Only two others — Kentucky and Minnesota — have statutory limits of three or four days.
Fraser Cobbe, who represents the Florida Orthopedic Society, said doctors would have liked to see the limit extended to 10 days for surgeries not related to traumatic injuries, like hip and other joint replacements.
"The concern is major surgery was not addressed or focused on the human element," Cobbe said.
Cobbe said their organization is putting most of its focus on informing members about the new regulations with checking the state's prescription database as well as the requirements for doctors to complete a 2-hour continuing education course on responsibly prescribing opioids.
The state's Prescription Drug Monitoring Program will receive a software upgrade that should make it easier to integrate into a patient's medical file as well as making it easier to track medication history nationwide — a move designed to prevent someone near state lines from trying to doctor shop for multiple prescriptions.
There are some critics though who think the $65 million in the state budget signed by Scott last Friday does not go far enough in properly funding law enforcement and treatment programs.
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Gwen Graham said in a statement that Scott and the Legislature must join other five other states in suing drug manufacturers and hold them more accountable.
Scott's signing came hours before President Donald Trump spoke Monday in New Hampshire about federal steps to combat opioid addiction. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi was a member of the president's opioid commission.
The commemorations to mark the centenary of the Battle of Passchendaele have come and gone, but it should be remembered that 100 years ago the men of Lancashire were still fighting and dying as the battle dragged on. Roger Goodwin delves into the archives of the Lancashire Infantry Museum to tell the story of a Fulwood Barracks -based regiment in another phase in the battle – one which required powers of endurance even before they met the enemy
Belgium, October 1917, 100 years ago this month.
In the Ypres Salient, the Passchendaele campaign had been grinding on for two long, murderous months, largely in rain-drenched, sodden horror. Yet spells of fine weather in September had aided some British successes, which encouraged Field Marshal Haig, the British Commander-in-Chief, to believe the German defenders were on the point of collapse, and to order further attacks.
Misled by faulty intelligence, they are, as so often, wrong. The Germans were far from breaking point. Once again, the unrelenting weather was to come to their aid. And for the thousands of Lancashire men serving in the 66th (2nd East Lancashire) Division, it was to be a baptism of fire as dreadful as any endured on the Western Front.
The 66th Division was a First World War creation of a type not seen before or (apart from a brief period at the start of the Second World War) since in the organisation of the British Army. When the war broke out in 1914, the part-time soldiers of the pre-war Territorial Force could not be sent overseas without their consent.
The territorial units were accordingly split into a “first line”, with men who had volunteered for overseas service and a “second line”, which was intended for home service, by the ten per cent who refused to volunteer. The division was formed in the first few weeks of the war, as the 2nd East Lancashire Division, a second-line formation of the 42nd (East Lancashire) Division.
It was as ‘Lanky' a formation as it was possible to be, made up of 12 battalions of the Lancashire Fusiliers, East Lancashire, and Manchester Regiments, with supporting artillery, medical and engineer units also drawn from the region.
For two years, the division provided trained replacements for its parent unit and carried out home defence duties in England until, following the introduction of compulsory conscription in January 1916, all territorial soldiers were deemed liable for overseas service. In early 1917, the 66th Division moved to France.
For some months, it held the line in relatively easy sectors while it adjusted to frontline conditions, but in October, it made its debut in what became known as the Battle of Poelcapelle.
All the division's battalions fought just as bravely, and suffered equally, in what was to come, but here two of them, whose records are kept in the archives of the Lancashire Infantry Museum in Fulwood Barracks, must represent them all – the 2/4th and 2/5th East Lancashires, made up of men from Blackburn, Burnley and the surrounding area.
It started badly. The fine weather broke on October 5 and the rain ‘descended in torrents' throughout the move up to Ypres the following day. There the two battalions were directed to bivouac in an open field near the Menin Gate.
“It was a dismal prospect,” records the Regimental History. “The shell-pitted ground was sodden, no shelter of any kind was available and the troops had to make themselves as comfortable as might be on the sopping ground under waterproof sheets.”
There they remained, with the rain sheeting down continuously, for the next two days until battle orders were issued on October 8, and the two East Lancashire battalions learned that they had been designated to make the final attack on the last objective set for their Brigade in the coming advance.
Both battalions began to move up towards the front the same day. Reaching the western slopes of the Frezenberg Ridge (‘ridge' only in the military sense, since it was a mere fold in the ground), they were halted and bivouaced until nightfall. The slopes were shelled all day, and the 2/4th sustained about 20 casualties.
At about 6pm the battalions met up with their guides, and began to move in single file towards their assembly positions. What followed – even before they met the enemy – was an epic which has gone down in military history. It is not possible to improve on the words of the Regimental History, which is quoted here directly:
“The country traversed was in an indescribable condition. Heavy fighting had been continuously in progress for weeks past on this front – the ground had been so ploughed up by shells that distinguishing marks had been almost completely eliminated. A ribbon of mud-soaked, shell-pitted road ran eastwards ... but on either side the country was a veritable honeycomb of shell-holes for as far as the eye could reach, the only means of progression being by taking a winding course round the lips of the craters.
“Difficult enough ground this to traverse in daylight and when dry. But to cross in the darkness, under fire, was a task almost superhuman.
“Officers of high rank and wide experience have designated this march as one of the outstanding feats of the war.”
The 2/5th East Lancashires recorded with pride that not a single unwounded man fell out during the course of “this extraordinary march”.
Both battalions toiled over the morass without once resting from the time that their guides met them at 6pm on October 8 until the hour of the attack – 5.20am on October 9 – taking more than 11 hours to cover a distance which, as the crow flies, amounted to barely a mile.
The next day, the noted war correspondent Philip Gibbs wrote in The Times: “The brunt of the fighting fell yesterday ... upon... the hard tough men of Lancashire and Yorkshire ... especially ...those Territorial battalions of the Manchester, East Lancashire, and Lancashire Fusilier (Regiments).
“The night march of these men who went up to attack at dawn seems to me, who has written many records of brave acts during three years of war, one of the most heroic episodes in all this time. It took 11 hours for these Lancashire men to get up to their support line, and then, worn out with fatigue that was a physical pain, wet to the skin, cold as death, hungry and all clotted with mud, they lay in the water of shell-holes for a while until their officers said: “Our turn, boys,” and then they went forward through heavy fire, and over the same kind of ground, and fought the enemy with machine-guns – until they lay outside their last objective, and kept off counter-attacks with a few machine-guns that still remained unclogged and rifles that somehow they had kept dry.
“Nothing better than this has been done, and Lancashire should thrill to the tale of it because their sons were its heroes.”
When the attack did go in, it immediately became evident that the Germans were in great strength. The advancing troops were met by severe machine-gun and rifle fire, and the shell-fire was some of the heaviest experienced against infantry in the whole war. By about midday it was apparent the advance had not progressed beyond the first objective – a distance of about 500 to 600 yards – and a defensive line was established in anticipation of the inevitable counter-attack. It came at dusk, and was, in the main, repulsed.
By now the units of 198 (East Lancashire) Brigade – to which both the East Lancashires and some Manchester battalions belonged – had become so intermingled that independent unit command was almost impossible, and Lt Col Whitehead, Commanding Officer of the 2/5th East Lancashires, as the senior officer, took command of the whole mixed force. It remained in the frontline for the rest of the day and the next night, fighting off at least one more counter attack by enemy troops who were almost as exhausted as the British.
About 10am on October 10, a runner reached the headquarters of the 2/5th with a crumpled and only half-decipherable written message that the German position was to be taken at all costs.
‘It appeared to be an order of annihilation,' records the Regimental History. Lt Col Whitehead summoned the commanding officers of the other battalions, who agreed that if the order was carried out, it would involve the extermination of the Brigade. The order was re-examined, and it was found, with difficulty – and no doubt very great relief – to be 24 hours late.
‘But for this timely discovery, a terrible tragedy might have occurred,' records the regimental history dryly.
The battalions which had been engaged in the attack
remained in the line during the whole of October 10, under heavy shell-fire. It was fortunate that the enemy was, relatively speaking, immobilised by the state of the battlefield no less than were our own troops – who would otherwise have found themselves seriously short of ammunition and grenades.
As it was, they suffered terribly from shortage of water. The only means of getting supplies up to the frontline was by mule train, whose sole approach, as the Germans well knew, was along a single road.
This track consequently received constant attention from the enemy artillery throughout the attack and the succeeding days, and
although train after train was dispatched from Ypres (each animal carrying eight petrol tins – 16 gallons – of water), very few ever got through ‘and the suffering of the frontline troops was correspondingly accentuated.'
Finally, the next night, the force under Lt Col Whitehead was at last relieved. Even then their sufferings were not over, and they were heavily shelled on their way back. Eventually, however, the remnants of the two East Lancashire battalions reached the same field outside Ypres in which they had bivouaced before the battle.
For them, the Battle of Poelcappelle – just one phase in the ongoing horror of the Passchendaele campaign – was over. The cost of their first battle had been high. The 2/4th lost 13 officers and 316 men killed or wounded; the 2/5th 12 officers and 355 men. In each case, practically half the battalion had become casualties.
The 2/4th East Lancashire drawn up in battalion review order while under training in East Anglia before deployment to the Western Front
Officers and men of D Company, 2/4th East Lancashires, pictured before deployment to Poelcapelle in October 1917.
Map showing the planned attack of the 2/4th East Lancashire. They only made it to the line of the first objective a distance of just 500 yards
Fran Drescher and their ex-husband Peter Marc Jacobson recently sat down with Australian talk show Studio 10. The two gave a candid interview and opened up about being victims of a home invasion in 1985, during which they were raped at gunpoint.
Years later, the actor developed uterine cancer. They eventually beat it, but the experience made them wonder if it was connected to their earlier trauma.
Drescher said, “A little bit more than 10 years after the rape, I was diagnosed with cancer. And that, I think, is a poetic correlation because I didn't really deal with my pain for many, many, many, many years with the rape.”
Drescher, who had endured years of misdiagnosis, explained why they think they later got cancer. They said, “I ended up with a gynecological cancer, so it kind of ends up being poetic in where the body decides to break down and create disease.”
The 59-year-old has survived rape, two divorces, and cancer. Through it all, they maintain a positive outlook on life. “You'll never be the same. But whatever that is, then forge forward with that and turn your pain into purpose, which is what I always do.”
2007 marked the seven-year anniversary of Drescher's cancer surgery, and that year they launched the Cancer Schmancer Movement. Them nonprofit organization is dedicated to helping women who are battling cancer.
They concluded, “It's been a colossal learning experience. I'm not glad I had cancer and I don't wish it on anyone, but I am better for it. Sometimes the best gifts come in the ugliest packages.”
In other entertainment news, Gloria Estefan paid tribute to their late mom:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Was it an accident? Was it intentional? Who cares! Kris Dunn just pulled some AND1 Tour junk on Shabazz Napier, and it's fun to watch Napier's spirit leave their body as they turn to watch Dunn track down the dribble. You can almost hear their internal monologue. “Please don't dunk this and put me on highlights until I die.”
Unfortunately, even if Dunn heard said monologue they disregarded it entirely, like a waiter who definitely saw you put your finger up for service but who was too busy doing whatever it was they needed to do to come get you another drink. Look, we've all got things we have to do in this world, and Dunn had to embarrass Napier for the entire internet to see. Those are the rules.
Dunn then kicked the ball out for a made jumper by Gorgui Dieng, so it should live on in highlights for a little bit. Could you imagine if Dieng missed that shot? He'd never live that down.
The Trail Blazers won 95-89, proving that revenge is a dish best served … seriously, who cares? That assist should have been worth seven points and given Minnesota the win, and we're not hearing it any other way.
(Bleacher Report on Twitter)
They also hit out at Quentin Tarantino over a car crash on the set of Kill Bill.
Kill Bill star Uma Thurman has alleged Harvey Weinstein assaulted them
The US actor, 47, claimed the disgraced film producer assaulted them following the release of Weinstein-funded Pulp Fiction in a London hotel room, and also recalled a second incident in which it is alleged they threatened to derail their career.
They told the New York Times Weinstein tried to push them down and shove themselves on top of them and attempted to expose himself.
View photos Weinstein (PA) More
“He did all kinds of unpleasant things,” they said. “But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard.
“I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track. My track. Not their track.”
Thurman said they told Kill Bill and Pulp Fiction director, and close friend of Weinstein, Quentin Tarantino about the alleged incident and the filmmaker confronted Weinstein at the Cannes Film Festival in 2001.
Hours later The Miramax co-founder apologised to Thurman, they said.
“I just walked away stunned, like ‘ok, well there's my half-assed apology',” Thurman says.
Following the first alleged assault, they said Weinstein sent their flowers, with a note telling them they had “great instincts”.
It followed a previous meeting in a Paris hotel room where they stripped to their bathrobe during a discussion about a script, while a later incident left Thurman shaken after they allegedly threatened their career – according to friend and make-up artist Ilona Harman who had met them after the meeting.
The revelations come after they previously suggested on social media they had a Weinstein story to tell in the wake of dozens of allegations against the movie mogul, including from some of Hollywood's biggest stars
The New York Times article includes comments from Weinstein through a spokesperson admitting they had propositioned Thurman but denied threatening their career.
“Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making a pass at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading their signals in Paris,” the spokesperson said in a statement to the Times.
“He immediately apologised.”
Thurman also accuses Tarantino of nearly killing them in the article, as they opened up about an incident from the set of Kill Bill in which they crashed a car during filming.
They had objected to getting in the “deathbox” car, they said, but Tarantino insisted.
“When I came back from the hospital in a neck brace with my knees damaged and a large massive egg on my head and a concussion, I wanted to see the car and I was very upset.
“Quentin and I had an enormous fight, and I accused them of trying to kill me. And they were very angry at that, I guess understandably, because they didn't feel they had tried to kill me.”
“Harvey assaulted me but that didn't kill me,” they added.
On Friday Bafta officially terminated Weinstein over a slew of allegations against him. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which votes for the Oscars, also voted to strip Weinstein of their lifetime membership.
Police in the UK are investigating a number of sexual assault allegations against the former Hollywood heavyweight.
Bafta will hold its annual film awards on February 18 where stars are expected to wear black in honour of the Time's Up movement for gender equality and in solidarity with the victims of sexual harassment and assault.
Weinstein and Tarantino have been contacted for comment.
A jury in New York City has found Pedro Hernandez guilty of murder in the kidnapping and death of Etan Patz, who was 6 years old when they went missing in 1979. The verdict follows a mistrial nearly two years ago, after a jury became deadlocked.
Patz was never again seen by their family after they left home to walk to the school bus stop nearby. Their body has never been found.
"The disappearance of Etan Patz haunted families in New York and across the country for nearly four decades," Manhattan District Attorney Vance says. "Bringing closure on Etan's disappearance to the Patz family has also been among my highest priorities since I took office as District Attorney.
The jury found Hernandez guilty of second-degree murder and first-degree kidnapping.
As the Two-Way has reported:
"Patz vanished on May 25, 1979, and became one of the first missing children to be pictured on milk cartons. "Hernandez, who was a teenage stock clerk at a Manhattan convenience store at the time Etan disappeared, confessed to the murder 33 years later, in 2012. Police arrested Hernandez soon after. "However, the defense has insisted that 'the confession was false and concocted by mental illness, and they said another longtime suspect was the more likely killer,' according to The Associated Press."
In recent years, Hernandez, 56, told police that they had suffocated the boy and put their body in a cardboard box. When they made that confession nearly five years ago, Hernandez reportedly had no criminal record.
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) - Police in New Hampshire found an array of drugs in an apartment during an investigation into the death of a 20-month-old child.
Police say two people have been charged with drug possession after Wednesday's discovery.
Authorities in Manchester say the toddler died on May 25, and they executed a search warrant that day as part of the death investigation.
Thirty-one-year-old Joshua Garvey and 33-year-old Christen Gelinas were each charged with possession of controlled drugs with intent to distribute. Police say they found heroin, cocaine, crack and suboxone that had an estimated street value of over $5,400. Garvey also faces bail violation charges.
Gelinas and Garvey faced arraignment Wednesday. It wasn't immediately known if they had lawyers.
There were no details on their relationship to the toddler or the child's identity.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Representatives for the joint U.S.-Canada-Mexico bid to host the 2026 World Cup will be in Zurich this week to meet with bid inspectors, a FIFA spokesperson confirmed to Omnisport on Monday.
Officials from Morocco, competing to host the event, also will be in Switzerland to talk to bid inspectors Wednesday.
"FIFA has scheduled meetings with both Bidding Committees in Zurich. These are standard meetings, which are part of the overall bidding process," a FIFA spokesperson said via email.
The competition to host the 2026 World Cup has drawn keen international interest, particularly following President Donald Trump's push for the North American bid. They tweeted that other countries in Africa should be on board with the combination of the United States, Mexico and Canada along with a thinly veiled threat if they voted for Morocco.
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada & Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they don't support us (including at the United Nations)? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 26, 2018
Officials from the North American bid countries all have said they have received positive responses after Trump's tweet went live because it shows the White House taking an interest in soccer, according to Sports Illustrated .
The two bidding parties will answer questions this week from a panel that will then issue evaluations of their bids ahead of a reported June 13 vote by up to 207 FIFA member federations in Moscow for meetings tied to the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
A tougher assessment was put into place by FIFA following criticism of the votes in 2010 that awarded this year's World Cup to Russia and the 2022 World Cup to Qatar.
Story Continues
The North American joint bid appeared to be the early favorite, but over time Morocco's bid has gathered momentum. The FIFA panel went so far as to make a second visit to the North African nation to clarify details of its bid.
According to The Associated Press, both bidders must be approved by FIFA's ruling council at a June 10 meeting in Moscow to get on the ballot for the June 13 vote.
FIFA commented that political figures should not be used to gain favor when it comes to voting for any World Cup sites, although President Trump wasn't specifically mentioned.
NEW YORK (AP) — Sick with the flu? You've got a lot of company.
The flu blanketed the U.S. again last week for the third straight week. Only Hawaii has been spared.
The government doesn't track every flu case but comes up with estimates. One measure is how many people seek medical care.
Last week, 1 in 15 doctor visits were for symptoms of the flu. That's the highest level since the swine flu pandemic in 2009.
Thirty-nine states reported high flu traffic last week, up from 32 the week before.
Some good news, at least so far: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday that hospital stays and deaths from the flu among the elderly so far haven't been as high as in some other recent flu seasons.
However, hospitalization rates for people 50 to 64 — Baby Boomers, mostly — has been unusually high, CDC officials said.
The CDC reported what was seen across the nation for the week ending January 20.
Flu is a contagious respiratory illness, spread by a virus. It can cause a miserable but relatively mild illness in many people, but more a more severe illness in others. Young children and the elderly are at greatest risk from flu and its complications. In a bad season, there are as many as 56,000 deaths connected to the flu.
In the U.S., annual flu shots are recommended for everyone age 6 months or older.
Health officials say this year's correctly shot targets the strains that are making Americans sick, including one causing most of the illness, a Type A H3N2 flu virus. But exactly well it is working won't be known until next month.
The same virus was the dominant flu bug last winter, when the flu season wasn't so bad. It's not clear why this season — led by the same bug — is so much more intense, some experts said.
"That's the kicker. This virus really doesn't look that different from what we saw last year," said Richard Webby, a flu researcher at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis.
It may be that many of the people getting sick this year managed to avoid infection last year. Or there may be some degree of mutation in the virus that hasn't been detected yet, said the CDC's Dr. Dan Jernigan, in a call with reporters Friday.
Based on patterns from past seasons, it's likely flu season will start to wane soon, experts say. There are some places, like California, where flu season already seems to be easing, CDC officials said.
"If I was a betting man, I'd put money on it going down," Webby said. "But I've lost money on bets before."
Jennifer Manton got sick with the flu about two weeks ago, hit by high fever and body aches. They missed two days of work, and felt bad for about 10 days.
"I had not had the flu since 1996," said Manton, 48, a chief marketing officer for a law firm in New York City. "It's been 22 years since I felt that badly."
By JOE REEDY
Associated Press
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) - Gov. Rick Scott on Monday signed Florida's opioid legislation into law, a move seen by many as a good first step in combating a crisis that has claimed at least 16 lives a day in the Sunshine State.
"What it does take is a pretty comprehensive approach to addressing the epidemic," said Mark Fontaine, Executive Director for the Florida Alcohol and Drug Abuse Association. "It has education programs and helps control the measures for availability."
The legislation includes tougher limits on most painkiller prescriptions, more money for treatment programs and requirements for physicians to check the state's prescription database. The Republican governor and the state Legislature had made passing opioid legislation a priority of the recently concluded session.
Opioid-related deaths across Florida have jumped 35 percent from 2015 to 2016, according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Opioids were identified as either the cause of death or were present in the deceased person's body in 5,725 cases in 2016. The 2017 figures are still being compiled.
"I don't think anyone wakes up in the morning with the goal of becoming an addict. This will make a big difference in reducing the number of addicts," said Scott, who signed the bill at the Manatee County Sheriff's Office in Bradenton.
Manatee County suffered the highest ratio of deaths in Florida in 2016 from fentanyl analogs - synthetic versions of fentanyl that can be 5,000 times more lethal than heroin.
House speaker Richard Corcoran, who attended the signing, said the measure is one of the first in Florida that attempts to combat the opioids crisis at the front end by limiting supplies and by doctors' checks on the prescription database.
The new laws, which take effect July 1, also contains some of the nation's toughest mandates on initial prescriptions for Schedule II painkillers such as Oxycontin and Fentanyl. The initial limit would be three days, but doctors could prescribe up to seven days for acute pain exceptions. It does not place medication limits for trauma cases, chronic pain, cancer and terminal illnesses.
Florida is the 25th state since 2016 that has passed legislation that imposes some limits or guidelines on opioid prescriptions. Only two others - Kentucky and Minnesota - have statutory limits of three or four days.
Fraser Cobbe, who represents the Florida Orthopedic Society, said doctors would have liked to see the limit extended to 10 days for surgeries not related to traumatic injuries, like hip and other joint replacements.
"The concern is major surgery was not addressed or focused on the human element," Cobbe said.
Cobbe said their organization is putting most of its focus on informing members about the new regulations with checking the state's prescription database as well as the requirements for doctors to complete a 2-hour continuing education course on responsibly prescribing opioids.
The state's Prescription Drug Monitoring Program will receive a software upgrade that should make it easier to integrate into a patient's medical file as well as making it easier to track medication history nationwide - a move designed to prevent someone near state lines from trying to doctor shop for multiple prescriptions.
There are some critics though who think the $65 million in the state budget signed by Scott last Friday does not go far enough in properly funding law enforcement and treatment programs.
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Gwen Graham said in a statement that Scott and the Legislature must join other five other states in suing drug manufacturers and hold them more accountable.
Scott's signing came hours before President Donald Trump spoke Monday in New Hampshire about federal steps to combat opioid addiction. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi was a member of the president's opioid commission.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Government officials expect the Taipei 2017 Summer Universiade to provide significant economic benefits to Taiwan during the multi-sport event.
Scheduled to take place from August 19 to 30, the Universiade will be the biggest sporting event that Taiwan has ever hosted.
The Ministry of Education have reportedly claimed that benefits are already being felt in Taipei.
According to Focus Taiwan, the Ministry has confirmed that more than 15,000 jobs have been created as a result of the Universiade.
It is expected that the economic benefits of the Universiade could reach NT$11.9 billion (£302 million/$393 million/€333 million).
A total of NT$3 billion (£25 million/$33 million/€27 million) from the estimate is expected to be attributable to increased consumer spending, which is expected to rise sharply during the event.
Organisers are currently preparing for the official start of the Universiade on Saturday (August 19), when the Opening Ceremony will take place at Taipei Stadium.
A crowd of around 12,000 is expected to attend.
Countries have begun arriving in Taipei prior to the start of the Summer Universiade ©FISU
Nations are currently arriving in Taiwan prior to the start of competition.
Around 141 countries are due to have delegations present.
Figures from the organisers state that a total of 7,708 athletes from around the world will feature at the event, due to take place until August 30.
This is fewer than the 2013 edition of the Summer Universiade, when 7,880 athletes took part in Kazan in Russia, but is larger than the 7,432 participants at Gwangju 2015.
Events in the 21 sports being contested at Taipei 2017 are scheduled to be held in venues in Taipei, Keelung, New Taipei, Taoyuan and Hsinchu.
{"id":54707725,"title":"Former President George H.W. Bush 'appears to be recovering': Spokesman","duration":"1:55","description":"Barely a day after their wife's funeral, they are being treated in the ICU for sepsis. ","url":"/WNT/video/president-george-hw-bush-appears-recovering-spokesperson-54707725","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"}
QINGDAO, China--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--On April 22nd, a post on Facebook which said "Because of a product, I fell in love with a brand. Three generations of my family fell in love with three generations of Haier refrigerators" aroused wide attention and discussion. According to Jason who created the post, their family, headed by their grandfather Andrew, a 75-year-old retired teacher, live in Saint-Cyr town, Paris. Their parents are professors at Université Paris Dauphine, and they have been working for Union Européenne de CIC after graduating from Harvard University.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005063/en/
Three generations of a family in Saint-Cyr, Paris use Haier (Photo: Business Wire)
Andrew was the first to use the Haier refrigerator, who chose it for its larger cold storage space. This refrigerator brought Jason many fond memories of childhood, and is still in normal use now.
Jason studied the Haier case at Harvard University, which enabled them to better understand the Haier mode and aroused their respect for the brand. After graduation, they bought a Haier full-space fresh-keeping refrigerator for their apartment and was greatly satisfied with its powerful preservation function.
Jason's parents are keen on food, and they attach great importance to the preservation of food. When Jason wanted to prepare a special gift for their parents, they considered both the hobby of their parents and the good experience of using the Haier refrigerator, and finally in April this year, they brought the latest Haier T-door refrigerator for their parents. "I have a special feeling and trust in Haier. When choosing refrigerators, Haier is my first choice," Jason said.
Haier is growing fast and its products are commonly seen in the French market, so it is not surprising that it is so much embraced by the "three generations" in the Saint Cyr town. According to statistics, Haier's brand awareness in France has reached 39%, and its multi-fridge refrigerators rank first in France with a 47% market share. Although the unit price of Haier refrigerator is 1.6 times the industry average, the online growth rate has reached 4 times the industry average.
In future, Haier looks to bring a better life to more people with its products.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005063/en/
CONTACT: Haier Group
Lou Yaxi, 86 0532 88937947
louyx@haier.com
KEYWORD: EUROPE ASIA PACIFIC CHINA FRANCE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: Haier
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 03:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 03:00 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005063/en
NEW YORK (AP) - A deadly helicopter crash into a river prompted the National Transportation Safety Board on Monday to call on federal regulators to prohibit commercial flights that use passenger harness systems that do not allow for easy release.
The NTSB's recommendation comes after last week's helicopter crash in the East River. Five passengers who couldn't free themselves from their harnesses drowned when the helicopter rolled over into the water. The pilot, who was not wearing a harness, escaped with only minor injuries.
The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday temporarily grounded open-door flights with restraints that cannot be quickly released until they're equipped with restraint systems that open with one action. The FAA also said it was conducting a "top to bottom review" of its rules covering open-door flights.
The NTSB on Monday also said the harness system provided to the helicopter crash passengers "was not evaluated by the FAA."
"While we applaud the FAA's intention to move forward on banning these types of doors-off flights, the FAA has not outlined how or when they plan to take action," said NTSB Chairman Robert L. Sumwalt. "And definitive action needs to be taken."
FAA spokesperson Greg Martin described the grounding as a first step.
"We told operators to suspend flights as soon as we identified the risk," Martin said in a statement. "More formal action regarding this communication is forthcoming."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A nuclear reactor investment firm that once hired Michael Flynn as a security adviser is denying a report from a congressional whistleblower that Flynn sent text messages during President Donald Trump's inauguration saying the company's Mideast reactor project was "good to go" and that U.S. sanctions hobbling the project would be "ripped up."
A senior scientist with ACU Strategies informed the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight committee that phone records showed no communications by Flynn, then Trump's national security adviser.
Last week, Maryland Democrat Rep. Eljjah Cummings said the whistleblower's account raised concerns about the blurring of Flynn's private and public interests and their efforts to reel back financial sanctions against Russia. ACU's plan to build reactors across the Mideast had been stymied by those sanctions.
Editor's note: This story was originally published after Lane Kiffin took the Florida Atlantic head coaching job.
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. -- Lane Kiffin knows the rap as well as they know the holes in most of the defenses he's faced over the years.
It goes something like this: son of an NFL coaching legend. Born on third base with head-coaching opportunities falling at their feet before a lot of people have their student loans paid off. Maddeningly immature. Maddeningly brilliant. Not real interested in doing things the conventional way. Brimming with the kind of in-your-face confidence that can be both obnoxious and genius.
"I know what the narrative is out there, [but] it's not that I've tried to be that guy who stirs things up," Kiffin told ESPN.com earlier this year. "I guess it just comes naturally."
So does being one of the brightest offensive minds in the game. One SEC athletic director calls Kiffin a "football savant" and one of those coaches who just always seems to be a step ahead any time he's calling plays or planning for an opponent.
"There's a reason they had all those opportunities at such a young age," said the athletic director, wishing to remain anonymous. "I don't think anybody has ever questioned their X's and O's ability, their ability to recruit or their ability to coach.
"My question would be: Could I trust him? I could live with all the other stuff, but do they have the right character to lead a program? I think he's probably matured, but I couldn't say for sure. I would guess there are a lot of other ADs out there, guys who would like to hire him, wrestling with that same question."
It's a question that has dogged Kiffin ever since they were fired on the LAX tarmac by then-USC athletic director Pat Haden five games into the 2013 season. After all, Kiffin was the Oakland Raiders' head coach at 31, Tennessee's head coach at 33 and USC's head coach at 34. They lasted less than a combined six seasons at the three stops, though they left Tennessee after just one season to take the USC job, where they inherited severe NCAA sanctions.
Now, after three seasons of helping Nick Saban add to their championship hardware at Alabama -- and going back to school, so to speak, under one of college football's all-time great coaches -- the shades-wearing, Bitmoji-tweeting Kiffin gets another shot at running their own shop. He's agreed to become Florida Atlantic's next head coach, sources told ESPN.com. Kiffin was also a finalist for the Houston head-coaching job, but the Cougars stayed in-house and hired offensive coordinator Major Applewhite last week.
It's true that schools weren't beating down Kiffin's door with head-coaching opportunities, and had it not been for the Conference USA Owls, they probably would have been shut out for a third straight year. In a lot of ways, they were stuck in head-coaching purgatory. Most football people were sure of their ability to recruit, develop players and get a team ready for games. But just as many administrators and presidents weren't so sure about their ability to wear all of the hats it takes to manage a program. Saban believes Kiffin is ready and answered "absolutely" when asked after Alabama's SEC championship rout of Florida if Kiffin was equipped to take that step -- again. Earlier this year, Saban echoed to ESPN.com what others had already suggested, that maybe too much came too soon for Kiffin, who's now 41.
"The thing you've got to remember about Lane is that their first head-coaching job came before a lot of guys get their first coordinator job," Saban said. "I think back to some of the mistakes I made as a younger head coach. Experience is the greatest teacher, and sometimes we all need to be knocked down a little bit before we get it right."
The whole Kiffin-Saban pairing is still hard for many to digest. On the surface, they're about as much alike as the wishbone offense and the spread. But Saban was secure enough and wise enough to bring Kiffin in to help fine-tune the Crimson Tide's offense. And Kiffin was brazen enough to challenge Saban -- and even fight with them on occasion -- to steer the offense in a direction nobody would have dreamed of five years ago.
Alabama is spreading teams out, using tempo (the same tempo Saban once railed against) and running the quarterback, all while still pounding people when needed and generating the kind of balance on offense all teams crave. During Kiffin's three seasons in Tuscaloosa, the Tide have won three straight SEC championships with three starting quarterbacks and three first-time starters, including true first-year student Jalen Hurts this season.
"Lane has made them much more difficult to defend," Ole Miss coach Hugh Freeze said. "They've always been able to line up and beat you because they're just better. But you watch them now, and they're doing things and you're getting looks that you never got from them in the past. You didn't have to worry about them going empty backfield and trying to get a tailback running a [pass route] on a linebacker or them trying to get their quarterback on the edge in a run-pass option.
"You've got a lot of worries now defensively when you face Alabama."
Vanderbilt coach Derek Mason was previously the defensive coordinator at Stanford and matched wits against Kiffin when they were the USC head coach. The thing Mason always admired about Kiffin was that they had all of the creativity in their repertoire but that they never got away from their core belief of running the football and being physical.
"I love what Lane does offensively. They were always the hardest guy for me to defend in the Pac-12 because they made you defend everything," Mason said. "He can make one personnel set look like something else. He's always going to know how to use their tight ends, always going to have a dominant No. 1 at receiver and a flurry of running backs they use in different ways.
"What everybody's doing in this conference now, Lane was doing six years ago. It's not new football."
Kiffin jokes it was worth some of the "ass-chewings" they absorbed from Saban to open up the Alabama offense and try some new things. To be fair, Saban was all for adapting on offense as the college game has continued to evolve, but Kiffin has a way of pushing the envelope.
Lance Barnett, the father of former Alabama quarterback Blake Barnett, said the tug-of-war between Kiffin and Saban made for some interesting theater.
"It was a little bit of oil and water there with Nick and Lane, but kudos to them both for making it work," said Barnett, whose son plans to transfer to Arizona State. "Lane's a free-flowing kind of guy and loves to push people's buttons, and Blake said Lane was great at pushing Nick's buttons. They said it was almost comical at times, but they've been good for each other. You see Lane's influence on the offense because they're not running any of the plays Blake studied for the last year and a half. Lane has taken Jalen's strengths and built around them, and that's what good coaches do.
"But over and above everything else, Blake was most impressed with Lane's feel for the game. Their ability to assess what was happening on the field and change the offense on the fly and create favorable matchups was phenomenal."
Kiffin hasn't just pushed Saban's buttons during their time in Tuscaloosa. They have a penchant for pushing everybody's buttons, to the point that many of their colleagues on the Alabama staff never expected them to make it very long with Saban.
One coach who worked alongside Kiffin on the Alabama staff said the offensive coordinator almost seemed to revel in being a rebel, but that was also a big part of their success.
"Some people couldn't stand him, but he's smart, and I mean real smart," the coach said. "One of the reasons they are such a good playcaller is that they have no fear of consequences, in football and in life.
"Success has come very easy for him, but so has failure."
Kiffin is the first to admit that they probably should have asked more questions and listened more during their previous head-coaching stops.
"I'd been around Pete [Carroll] and saw how they did it, and that was great," Kiffin said. "But coming to Alabama and being under Coach Saban gave me an even different perspective. Every head coach has their own style, things they believe in, and now I've seen it done by two of the best in the game with two completely different styles. There's no question in my mind that I'm better-equipped to be a head coach."
New LSU head coach Ed Orgeron has known Kiffin for 15 years and still remembers Carroll bringing the young coach aboard the USC staff in 2001 after meeting Kiffin when they were a graduate assistant at Colorado State.
"He's always been smart, very aware of everything around him, and the last thing you want to do is make them mad," said Orgeron, who worked with Kiffin at both USC and Tennessee. "Lane gets devious if you screw with him. They won't let you know, but he's coming after your ass."
Orgeron's plan was to bring Kiffin to LSU as offensive coordinator if Kiffin were unable to get a head coaching gig. Probably one of the worst-kept secrets in Tuscaloosa was that Kiffin, one way or the other, wasn't going to be back at Alabama after this season. As someone close to the situation said, "There's a window in every relationship, and for both Saban and Kiffin, that window was just about closed."
While Kiffin has been known to ruffle feathers, be it Urban Meyer's or Steve Spurrier's, he's generally been a hit among the players he's coached and the support staffs he's worked with.
Their sense of humor is legendary (and biting) to those who know them best. They were asked during the Olympics last summer whether they saw Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt's most recent race and what they would be able to do with Bolt's incredible speed in their offense. Kiffin cracked: "I didn't even know the Olympics were going on. I coach football at Alabama."
One of their best stunts came during their first season at Alabama in 2014, when they made their first trip back to Knoxville, Tennessee. The Alabama team was staying at the Airport Hilton Hotel, which is just outside of Knoxville in Alcoa. Kiffin called one of their buddies still working at Tennessee and asked to be picked up out in front of the hotel later Friday night and to have a hat and sunglasses as a disguise -- they were hitting the town in Knoxville.
Kiffin's buddy at Tennessee still chuckles: "That's Lane. They were joking. At least, I think they were joking."
There were no Kiffin sightings that night in Knoxville. They did their damage that next evening in Neyland Stadium, when Alabama beat Tennessee 34-20 and rolled up 469 yards of offense, including a school-record 224 receiving yards and two touchdowns by receiver Amari Cooper.
That's another calling card of Kiffin's. They have a basketball mentality as a playcaller. If somebody's hot, he's going to keep feeding that player.
"Coach Kiffin doesn't make it too complicated," Cooper said. "He knows who they want to get the ball to and how they want to get the ball to them. As a player, you love that. You know if you're delivering, he's going to keep coming back to you, and it's going to be a little different every time."
One former assistant coach said Kiffin was at their best with the players.
"He has an uncanny ability to lead players and to game plan and draw up X's and O's in a way that they get it. They do not lead adults very well," the coach said.
Their turbulent 14-month stay at Tennessee is proof. Kiffin did a fabulous job of revitalizing quarterback Jonathan Crompton, who went from a liability to being taken in the fifth round of the NFL draft. The Vols also played well on the field and nearly upset Alabama that season.
But as a manager of the program, Kiffin created their share of unwanted drama, whether it was flippantly racking up NCAA secondary violations, incorrectly accusing Meyer of breaking NCAA rules or being accused, himself, of telling receiver Alshon Jeffery during the recruiting process that Jeffery would end up pumping gas for a living if they went to South Carolina. Kiffin later denied saying that to Jeffery. Even rapper Lil Wayne dropped Kiffin's name in one of their songs with the infamous, "Smoke weed. Talk s--- like Lane Kiffin."
Kiffin's response at the time to being referenced in a rap song was classic.
"It's nice to see we're getting a little street cred," they joked.
That mischievous side of Kiffin hasn't completely gone away in Tuscaloosa. Who can forget Kiffin tweeting a picture of their son, Knox, doing Cam Newton's signature dab after Alabama beat Auburn last season at Jordan-Hare Stadium with Newton in the house?
"It's that kind of stuff that drives [Saban] crazy, but it's also part of the give-and-take with Lane," one former Alabama staff member said. "He's always doing or saying something like that. It's almost like they can't help himself. But then you get in the games, and he's a big reason you're winning."
Multiple athletic directors told ESPN.com for this story that Kiffin would probably be better off in a bigger city where they blended in, as opposed to being in a smaller college town where their every move was recorded and scrutinized.
"It may just be because Nick has put the clamps on him, but I don't think he's seen as the brash, immature guy that they once are," one athletic director told ESPN.com. "He just has to be smart. They really probably needs to go somewhere other than the SEC, at least this next job. They probably need to be somewhere that doesn't care quite as much about football and the personalities that go along with it.
"There are markets where you can find that and markets where I think they would go in and clean up."
We'll find out soon enough whether the fourth time is indeed a head-coaching charm for Kiffin, who's just ready for another opportunity.
"I'm probably guilty of getting in my own way too many times, making it harder on myself," Kiffin said earlier this year. "I can't change what's behind me but look forward to what's ahead."
And, yes, he's ready to do it their way again, but their way in a refined sense. Consider it life after 40 because life before 40 -- at least as a head coach -- left us all hanging.
WASHINGTON (AP) — So much for an abrupt U.S. pullout from Syria.
One month ago President Donald Trump surprised many, including some in their own administration, by announcing, "We'll be coming out of Syria, like, very soon. Let the other people take care of it now." They insisted that the time had come for the U.S. military to shift its focus away from Syria.
But on Tuesday, it was clear that something or someone had changed Trump's mind.
The president said at a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron at their side that before the U.S. withdraws from Syria, "we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint." This long-term approach, they added, was "a very big part" of their conversation with Macron, who told reporters that they and Trump now agree that the Syria problem involves more than Trump's priority of ridding the country of Islamic State extremists.
The two leaders indicated that they see Syria as part of a broader problem of instability in the Middle East, which includes Iran's role in Syria and Iraq.
That kind of strategic thinking bears little resemblance to Trump's words in late March when they said it was time to leave Syria to others.
"We got to get back to our country, where we belong, where we want to be," they said March 29. Their comments raised questions about U.S. intentions, including its commitment to the Syrian Kurds who have been the main U.S. proxy in fighting IS in Syria and who face an uncertain future.
Since then, Trump has taken a markedly different course, including bombing three suspected chemical weapons sites in western Syria on April 13. In announcing that action, Trump said they were committed, along with France and Britain, to using "all instruments of our national power — military, economic and diplomatic" — to deter Syria from again using chemical weapons. And they said the U.S. would "sustain" this effort for as long as it takes.
Two days later, Macron said France had persuaded Trump to stay in Syria and launch the airstrikes. "Ten days ago, President Trump wanted to withdraw from Syria. We convinced them to remain," the French president said.
In responding to Macron's comments, the White House stressed that Trump's plans had not changed and they still wanted U.S. forces to "come home as quickly as possible."
On Tuesday Trump seemed to step even further away from their March remarks. After saying they would "love to get out" of Syria, and claiming the U.S. had "done a big favor" for Iraq and other countries in Syria's neighborhood by hammering IS, Trump said they and Macron discussed the downside of leaving.
"Emmanuel and myself have discussed the fact that we don't want to give Iran open season to the Mediterranean, especially since we really control it," Trump said. Their comment echoed a concern shared by others, including Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, that withdrawing from Syria now, while Syria's political crisis is unresolved, would cede ground to Iran and enable its ambition to establish an overland pathway to the Mediterranean through Iraq and Syria. Trump stuck to their view that Arab nations should do more to prevent Iran from "profiting off" the U.S. success against IS.
Even after Trump's talk last month of a quick exit, Mattis stuck to their approach, arguing that U.S. strategic goals had not changed. They told a congressional hearing on April 12 that the Trump administration remained committed to finding a political solution to Syria's seven-year-old civil war.
"Our strategy remains the same as a year ago," they said. "It is to drive this to a U.N.-brokered peace, but, at the same time, keep our foot on the neck of ISIS until we suffocate it."
On Tuesday, a spokesperson for the U.S.-led coalition fighting IS in Iraq and Syria, Col. Ryan Dillon, told reporters at the Pentagon that the United States is not slowing down in Syria. In fact, they said, the number of U.S. airstrikes against remaining pockets of IS fighters in eastern Syria had increased in the past week.
SOCHI, Russia (AP) — Once a critic of Neymar's antics, Brazil coach Tite now defends the demeanor of their team's star.
"Winning or losing is part of the game," Tite said in 2012 after coaching Corinthians in a match against Santos and Neymar. "But to pretend and try to take advantage, that's not part of the game. That's a bad example for a kid, for my son, for those who are going to watch this and think that it's good to take advantage of others."
Neymar had been accused of faking an injury in the game, and video of Tite's criticism was widely viewed.
Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio criticized Neymar — without mentioning their name — after the striker writhed in apparent agony after Miguel Layun stepped on an ankle, then quickly recovered as if no incident had occurred during the 2-0, round-of-16 win over El Tri.
"We wasted a lot of time because of one single player," Osorio said. "I think this is a real shame for football, especially for kids who are watching because this has to be a sport of virility, of determination, a man's sport, like other games, and not a charade."
Neymar was asked to respond to Osorio, but Tite intervened before Neymar could start talking during the news conference. Tite said hierarchy must be respected in soccer. They said only coaches would answer to coaches, and players would respond only to players.
Neymar was being defended by many in Brazil, especially because they have been playing well and is helping the team succeed at the World Cup, but they continued to be loudly criticized internationally for their antics.
The 26-year-old Paris Saint-Germain forward said some people were trying to gain attention by going after him. Others were attempting to undermine him, they said.
"I don't care much for criticism," Neymar said after the Mexico match. "Not even for praise sometimes, because that can affect a player's mind. I only need to play football. I need to help my teammates, help my team. That's why I'm here. I came here to win."
Tite hadn't been the first manager to criticize Neymar in Brazil.
Rene Simoes, who coached many of Brazil's clubs and led Brazil's women's national team to a silver medal in the 2004 Olympics, didn't save words after a very young Neymar went crazy on the field for not being allowed to take a penalty kick for Santos in 2010, disrespecting teammates and their coach.
"Something has to be done to educate this kid," they said then. "We are creating a monster."
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Author: Nicole Hurley-Moore
ISBN: 978-1-76029-531-8
RRP: $29.99
Country Roads is a rural romance set in the small fictional Victorian town of White Gum Creek. A small town with a great sense of community and a rather rampant rumour and gossip mill; so very much like all the small towns you read about in rural romances.
There is nothing ground-breakingly original in Country Roads but it is still an enjoyable read. In the wake of drought farmers are hoping for a decent rainfall to herald better seasons but in the meantime they are trying to ensure the farms can stay afloat. This means different things to different farmers, some are simply being more frugal with their spending like Jack Duprey who is putting off making any purchases until things are looking a little better; some are selling off parcels of land or some of their stock to create a safety net and then there are the ones trying to create a false sense of security within the town by flashing cash and making offers on properties they couldn't possibly afford.
White Gum Creek is a small town where most of the families have been around for generations so even though newcomers are welcomed they aren't always viewed as permanent additions to the town, or viewed as locals for decades. The ‘blow-ins' are often not expected to stay, especially if they come from a city.
Matt Harvey is a Melbourne born and bred author who picks up a parcel of land in town as a fresh start and writers retreat after suffering severe writer's block in the aftermath of the car accident that left them injured and their fiancee deceased. Unfortunately for Matt it was land that the Dupreys had been hoping to buy in a purchase that would increase their property which made Bec a little less welcoming than they may have been.
Rebecca Duprey lives and breathes Bluestone Ridge, the family property. Them father had an accident and has been wheelchair bound for a couple of years, there is a lot that they can no longer do so they like to retain complete control of the running of the farm and the finances. Bec understands, in theory, but it doesn't stop them hurting and feeling like the hired help. She's buried their heart and soul in the family property and feels like their input is unappreciated. Part of their unwavering dedication to the property is that it keeps them out of town, away from the rumour mill and closed off from forming attachments.
The story is a heartwarming tale of taking chances, of facing your fears and opening yourself up to new experiences. It's also the tale of old rivalries, underhanded tactics and sacrifice.
Bec fell in love young and had their heart shattered in the worst way. Living in a small town meant that everyone had an opinion and they were the talk of the town, and they hated it. They never made it clear what had happened but there was always talk and they have spent the years since keeping as far from their ex as possible. It's no surprise that she's a little sceptical when they start sniffing around again, they want them to forgive them but more than that it seems they want them back…. the question is why.
There were characters that I really disliked, whose behaviour was deplorable but there were characters that I really liked. They were well developed and their motivations were completely understandable.
Country Roads has a cast of characters who have suffered, and we share in their suffering but also in their recovery. In the way that they can empathise and share understanding with one another. Most of the storylines were nicely rounded up by the end of the book but there are loose ends that I am interested to know more about and there is a part of me that hopes for a follow-up novel about the return to living for one of the secondary characters.
I enjoyed Country Roads, it was a sweet story and the characters were engaging.
Country Roads is book #5 for the Australian Women Writer's Challenge 2017.
Nicole Hurley-Moore can be contacted on their Website, Facebook and Twitter.
Country Roads is available now through Allen & Unwin and from Booktopia, Angus & Robertson Bookworld and where all good books are sold.
You May Also Like:
Anyone up for a game of pizza roulette?
New owners of Oasis Pizza and Kebab shop in Sleaford have come up with a challenge to spice up a meal with friends or family.
Boss Seref Cal has come up with Pizza Roulette, where a regular pizza can be ordered, but one hidden slice contains fiery hot chilli extract added to it.
Wife Gemma, who runs the business's Facebook page, explained they took over and rebranded the Station Road takeaway in November and wanted to come up with something fun, new and different for customers.
They said: “It is a different spin on eating pizza with family and friends and making it a really social occasion with everyone involved.
“The guys in the kitchen had fun testing it out. The build up to who got ‘that slice' was entertaining.”
They said they were currently sourcing the suitable chilli extract but did not plan to make it too extreme.
“No-one will know which slice is the hot one until they bite into it. The rest of the pizza is topped with mozzarella, onion, beef, mushrooms and peppers, but we can do a vegetarian one or alter specific elements for dietary requirements.
“We will add warnings on the box that it is not suitable for children, pregnant women or pre-existing heart conditions and we will warn customers verbally too.”
They plan to launch the Pizza Roulette this week.
Gemma said: “We have had people asking about it already and had a lot of positive feedback on Facebook.”
Visit www.oasis-sleaford.co.uk
Mexico said Wednesday it will send aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico — a day after President Donald Trump's disastrous visit to the U.S. territory during which they complained to victims that catastrophic damage to their island had thrown their budget "out of whack."
The Mexican government said it would send 30 tons of bottled water and mosquito repellent, plus experts in power generation, transmission and distribution, Reuters reports.
Hurricane Maria killed dozens in Puerto Rico, left more than half of the island's 3.4 million residents without clean drinking water and 95 percent without power.
Critics say Trump's overall response to this crisis has been inadequate and even inappropriate at times — especially in relation to their tweets attacking San Juan's mayor.
The president's visit to Puerto Rico on Tuesday included not only their comment about the cost of repairing the destroyed island, but a casual reference to Hurricane Maria not being "a real catastrophe like Katrina" because of what they consider a low overall death toll, which actually doubled in the hours after they left. At one point, the president awkwardly tossed paper towels at people in the crowd as if performing at a carnival.
And after families showed Trump the damage Hurricane Maria inflicted on their homes, the president said, "Have a good time," as they departed.
"[Trump] was insulting to the people of Puerto Rico," San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz said Tuesday night. "This was a PR, 17-minute meeting. There was no exchange with anybody, with none of the mayors. And in fact, this terrible and abominable view of them throwing paper towels and throwing provisions at people, it really — it does not embody the spirit of the American nation, you know?
"He kind of minimized our suffering here by saying that Katrina was a real disaster, sort of implying that this was not a real disaster because not many people have died here,” Cruz added. "Well you know what? They're dying. They don't have the medical resources."
Back on the U.S. mainland, the response to Trump's visit wasn't much better.
"Mr. President, enough. Stop blaming Puerto Rico for the storm that devastated their shores, and roll up your sleeves and get the recovery on track. That's your job as president," said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Mexico's offer of aid is timely, but comes after uncomfortable exchanges between Trump and the Mexican government after Hurricane Harvey and earthquakes that devastated parts of southern Mexico.
Mexico was set to send aid to Texas after Harvey hit the state in August, but withdrew the offer after the earthquakes in September. Trump offered delayed condolences to Mexico over the initial quake, which killed nearly 100 people, and later said they aren't able to reach Mexican President Enrique Peńa Nieto due to poor cellphone reception.
Trump's relationship with Mexico has been troubled from their initial presidential campaign announcement when they demonized Mexicans as drug dealers and rapists, though added, "some, I assume, are good people."
He's frequently feuded with Mexico's government over who will pay for a wall they want to build along the border the two countries share.
Related Articles
Transcript for President Trump participates in 139th White House Easter Egg Roll
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
UP: The idea behind work release is a good one, but Findlay is still doing the prudent thing by cutting the cord on its Work Opportunity & Rehabilitation Center at 224 W. Crawford St. Over the past several years, WORC has allowed nonviolent criminal offenders a chance to keep their jobs by staying at the center instead of in jail. But relatively few signed on, and the program hasn't come close to reaching the break-even point. It has been a steady drain on the city budget in recent months. Even Findlay Municipal Court Judge Jonathan Starn has expressed support for closing WORC, which has housed an average of only seven offenders in recent months. The move will save the city more than $200,000 this year.
UP: Nearly two years ago, a commission appointed by Gov. John Kasich created the first-ever state standards covering police use of force, use of deadly force, and police department recruiting and hiring policies. That action was taken in response to a series of fatal police shootings across the nation and in Ohio in 2014. Now, the deadline for law enforcement agencies to be certified on the standards is a month away. The agencies that don't adopt the standards will be listed as noncompliant on a list to be published in March. The Department of Public Safety expects statewide compliance to be close to 70 percent by the deadline. The Findlay Police Department is among those that have been certified. The Hancock County Sheriff's Office, meanwhile, has applied for certification but has yet to be fully accredited. Many police agencies' existing deadly force policies already meet or exceed the new statewide standards, but for consistency, we hope all agencies become certified as soon as possible.
DOWN: Last month we applauded the strong possibility of contested Republican and Democratic primary elections on May 2 after nine Findlay residents, five Republicans and four Democrats, stepped up to run for the three at-large City Council seats. We like contested races and we think voters do, too. But we were disappointed to learn recently that there will be no competition, at least on the Republican side, because two GOP candidates failed to turn in enough valid signatures to make the ballot. We hope that doesn't discourage those people and others from running for public offices in the future. Having choices at the ballot box promotes participation in the voting process. The disqualifications mean that the three remaining GOP candidates will advance to the Nov. 7 general election. Meanwhile, we're looking forward to the four-candidate Democratic primary this spring, and then a contested general election for the three council seats.
UP: Good for Gov. Kasich for taking their State of the State address on the road again this year. Kasich and members of the Legislature will conduct business at the State Theatre in Sandusky on April 4, with the governor giving their annual speech about their plans for 2017 and beyond. It's one of those “win-win” situations. Sandusky will be the beneficiary of the media spotlight, if only for the day, and our state reps will get a chance to get out of Columbus and take in a few sites along the lake. It will be the sixth straight year that the State of the State has been held outside of the Statehouse. In years past, the governor has delivered their address in Steubenville, Lima, Medina, Wilmington and Marietta. We've asked before and we'll ask again: Next year, how about coming to Findlay, governor?
Comments
comments
NEW YORK (AP) — US regulators: Hawaii employee who sent false ballistic missile alert thought actual attack was imminent.
FILE - This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows their brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundreds. Paddock spent hours in casinos. and was known for betting big on video poker and staring down fellow gamblers. There is no indication, though, that any particular grievance set them off. But details that have surfaced so far about the one-time IRS agent and son of a notorious bank robber, are clues, at least, to their mindset. (Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP)
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Stephen Paddock usually kept a cigar at hand, even though they didn't smoke. But they were quick to notice when somebody sat down beside them and lit up.
Then Paddock, a denizen of hazy casinos, would take out their cigar, light it and carefully aim its smoke back into the faces of those whose puffing annoyed him.
"He was the king of microaggression," their brother, Eric, said.
Last week, Stephen Paddock returned to the Las Vegas Strip, where they spent many hours and thousands of dollars at high-limit video poker machines, and eyed the fun-seekers crowding their oasis. But this time they did so from a 32nd floor casino hotel suite. Then they smashed open a pair of windows with a hammer and opened fire with a carefully assembled arsenal, murdering 58 fans gathered at an outdoor country music concert and injuring 500 more before killing himself.
Investigators and those who knew the 64-year-old former accountant and real estate investor say they cannot fathom what drove them to slaughter. Authorities, who have been trying to track Paddock's movements before the massacre, say there is evidence they also scoped out recent music festivals in Chicago and Boston. So far, though, they say there is no indication that any one incident or grievance turned the sometimes prickly high-stakes gambler into an executioner.
Paddock remains a cipher. But details that have surfaced so far about this murderer — a one-time IRS agent, a boyfriend recalled as both caring and caustic, son of a notorious bank robber — are clues, at least, to their mindset. Unlike most mass shooters, who are usually younger, they were the product of decades of experience and rumination.
Paddock made their living playing machines that reward those who set aside emotion in favor of calculus. They were a methodical planner who paid close attention to other people's behavior, according to those who knew him. And those traits, assets to a gambler, may well have made them more deadly, criminologists said.
Paddock moved from coast-to-coast over the years, but their story began and ended in the desert Southwest.
The oldest of four brothers, they were raised in Tucson, Arizona. When they were 7, their father, Benjamin Hoskins Paddock, tried to run down an FBI agent during a pursuit in Las Vegas. After the elder Paddock was caught and charged with a string of Phoenix bank robberies, agents came to the family's house to search for evidence.
A neighbor, Eva Price, took little Stephen swimming while agents combed through the home.
"We're trying to keep Steve from knowing their father is held as a bank robber," they told the Tucson Citizen at the time. "Steve is a nice boy. It's a terrible thing."
Benjamin Paddock was sentenced to 20 years in a Texas federal prison. But they escaped and spent a decade on the run, landing them on the FBI's Most Wanted List.
A wanted posting from 1969 described the older Paddock as an avid bridge player who went by numerous aliases and had been diagnosed as psychopathic. The FBI described them as egotistical, arrogant and a frequent gambler, according to an article that year in the Arizona Republic.
"He reportedly has suicidal tendencies and should be considered armed and dangerous," the agency warned.
Paddock's mother moved with their sons to Southern California. Paddock's brothers recall that their mother, who worked as a secretary, did their best to raise the boys on their own, even when times were tight.
At John H. Francis Polytechnic High School, Paddock was a brainy kid, but defied the geek stereotype by dressing more like a hippie, said Richard Alarcon, a former classmate who went on to serve on the Los Angeles City Council. The other thing that set Paddock apart was their "irreverence toward authority," Alarcon said.
For a school contest, Paddock and other students were assigned to design bridges using no more than a specified amount of wood and no glue, in a bid to build the strongest structure.
Paddock's bridge "was like a brick, they put so much glue in it and they used so much more wood than they were supposed to," Alarcon said. "But they didn't care ... It was like they just wanted to build the best bridge ever, regardless of what the rules were."
Paddock earned a degree in business administration from California State University, Northridge, in 1977, a school official said. They then spent a decade working for the federal government, first for the postal service, then an IRS agent for six years and, finally, as a defense auditor, according to the government's Office of Personnel Management.
They married and divorced twice, remaining on good terms with both former wives, family member say, and left government work to become an accountant for a defense contractor.
Around the same time, they began investing in real estate, eventually buying and selling properties in California, Florida, Nevada and Texas. Eric Paddock said they and their brother had bought and sold some of those properties together and that Stephen Paddocks' real estate and gambling exploits had turned them into a multimillionaire.
They lived in some of those properties. But neighbors said they saw little of him.
When Paddock bought a house in Brevard County, Florida in 2013, they told neighbors they lived in Las Vegas, but wanted the home as a base to search for a place for their mother. They gave next-door neighbor Don Judy a set of keys and asked them to check the place when they aren't around. Inside, Judy noticed, the place was outfitted sparsely, almost like a dorm room, with minimal furniture but two computers. Paddock showed Judy's wife a laptop on which he'd just won $20,000 betting online.
"He said they were a gambler by trade, a speculator," Judy said.
At the Atlantis Casino in Reno, one of Paddock's regular haunts, they met Marilou Danley, a high-limit hostess there from 2010 to 2013, and they became a couple. Neighbors near Reno said as recently as this summer, they saw Paddock's girlfriend gardening in the front yard of a house they owned or taking Zumba classes at the community clubhouse. She'd wave and say hi, but none knew of them being close to anyone on the block — a fact that struck some as odd in a close-knit neighborhood of friendly older adults, many retired. All said they almost never saw Paddock.
They had a second home in Mesquite, Nevada, where neighbors recalled seeing little of Paddock after they bought a house on a cul-de-sac.
Siblings of both Paddock and Danley said they shared a loving relationship. In a statement released by their lawyer, Danley — who said Paddock sent them to the Philippines about two weeks before the shooting — described them as "a kind, caring, quiet man. I loved them and I hoped for a quiet future together with him."
Danley said Paddock had wired their $100,000 in recent weeks and told them to buy a house for their family in the Philippines.
But workers at a casino Starbucks in Mesquite that the couple frequented say Paddock often scolded their girlfriend in public.
"He would glare down at them and say — with a mean attitude — 'You don't need my casino card for this. I'm paying for your drink, just like I'm paying for you.' Then they would softly say, 'OK' and step back behind him. They were so rude to them in front of us," the store's supervisor, Esperanza Mendoza, told the Los Angeles Times.
Others who crossed paths with Paddock in recent months described them as despondent and smelling of alcohol.
When Paddock came into a Reno car dealership late this summer, they told salesperson Scott Armstrong they were depressed and had relationship troubles.
"When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you," Armstrong said.
Still, investigators said they are finding little to explain what drove them to mass murder. They had no known criminal record, and so far investigators have not disclosed any evidence that they had struggled financially or otherwise.
On the contrary, their brother and professional gamblers say, their poker wagers paid off not just in winnings but with perks like free hotel rooms and poolside cabanas.
Most of Nevada's video poker machines are in bars, set up so drinkers can play from their stools for 25 cents a hand. But Paddock favored high-dollar machines, separated from the rest of casinos, where top players rely on mathematical strategy to shrug off losses while playing for a big payoff.
Paddock, usually dressed in a button-up shirt and a pair of pants that "looked like he'd had it on for a few days," would sit for hours, often placing bets of $100 or more, rarely talking with anyone else but clearly conscious of their surroundings, said John Weinreich, a former executive casino host at Reno's Atlantis.
The gambler had a "God complex," they said, and expected quick service no matter how busy the staff was.
They said Paddock had a habit of staring at other people, as if silently challenging them to a contest. One high roller — an even bigger player than Paddock — told Weinreich it gave them the creeps.
"It was just their demeanor. It was like, 'I'm here. Don't cross me. Don't look at me too long,'" Weinreich said.
Eric Paddock said their brother was generous with the privileges the casinos bestowed on him. They recalled how during one trip to Las Vegas, Stephen ordered them a sushi meal that must've been worth $1,000, but was paid for by a casino. During that same outing, though, Stephen Paddock turned abruptly and demanded that their brother go get them a sandwich.
"That's the cost of being with Steve," they said.
Eric Paddock said they knew their brother owned a few handguns, but not so many that he'd call them a collector. But investigators say Paddock had bought 33 firearms in the last year alone, mostly rifles.
When Paddock visited B&S Guns in Garland, Texas, last year with their girlfriend, they asked whether there was a way to modify a gun to make it easier to pull the trigger, owner Paul Peddle said. Peddle recalled that Paddock had purchased handguns there before, had their license in order and seemed like a nice enough guy. Danley, who was walking with a cane at the time after surgery, played with Peddle's puppies while their boyfriend asked questions. And when it was time to go, Paddock walked them to the car and helped them to get in.
"He was very charismatic with her, very sweet," Peddle said.
When Paddock checked into the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino last week, they requested a room on a higher floor, but was told nothing was available. Then a room freed up and managers moved them to a 1,700-square-foot suite on the 32nd floor. It lists for $590 a night. But as a big bettor, Paddock got it on the house.
Security appears to have paid little notice as they moved a series of bags containing 23 guns to the room. But they did respond to their complaints about loud music from a family staying in the room just below.
On Sunday night, Paddock donned black pants and a black glove and took their place before the floor-to-ceiling windows looking down at the crowd listening to country singer Jason Aldean. Outside the door of the room, they placed a camera in a catering cart and another in the door's peephole to keep an eye on those who might approach from behind.
It added up to a carefully conceived plan designed for maximum carnage.
In a chilling but unforeseen way, it echoed their deliberate approach to video poker. But those who saw how Paddock prided themselves on their casino prowess and the perks it brought them said it made it that much harder to reconcile with the notion that they would target that very world for destruction.
"Girls brought them drinks. They served them big shrimp ... They put them up in fancy hotel rooms," Eric Paddock said this week, standing outside their home in Orlando, Florida.
"No affiliation, no politics, they never cared about any of that stuff," the shooter's brother said. "He just wanted to get a fricken' royal flush."
___
Cooper reported from Reno, Nevada; Balsamo from Las Vegas, and Geller from New York. Also contributing were reporters Astrid Galvan in Tucson, Arizona; Ken Ritter in Las Vegas, Claudia Lauer in Garland, Texas; Tamara Lush and Terrance Harris in Orlando, Florida; Don Thompson in Sacramento, California; Eric Tucker in Washington, D.C.; and news researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York.
Kate shares this latest news from St John Ambulance. Ed
St John Ambulance is offering runners the chance to join its heroic team of fundraisers taking part in next year's Virgin Money London Marathon.
The results of the ballot for places were announced this week and the first aid charity wants runners to support its life saving work.
With nearly 250 Team SJA places at the iconic event on 22 April 2018, St John Ambulance has a lifeline for people who were unsuccessful in the ballot.
And the charity also hopes that anyone who was lucky enough to get a place in the race, but hasn't yet chosen a charity to support, will fundraise in aid of St John Ambulance's volunteers – including those who help thousands across the finish line each year.
Emma Madray from St John Ambulance's National Fundraising Events Team, said:
“We'd love to hear from any runners who were disappointed not to secure a place in the ballot, or have won a place but not yet decided who to fundraise for. “Our volunteers provide first aid cover at hundreds of sporting events all over the country, week in, week out. Their work is often the difference between life and death, so our runners know they're helping a fantastic cause while getting a lot of support from us along the way as part of Team SJA.”
Contact events@sja.org.uk or 0207 324 4168 for more information about running for St John Ambulance. The deadline to register is 19 January 2018.
The new chips, code-named Everest, will be made with a 7nm manufacturing process, sport as many as 50 billion transistors and target AI, communications and complex data analysis workloads in the data center
As data centers are called upon to handle an explosion of unstructured data fed into a variety of cutting-edge applications, the future for FPGAs looks bright.
That's because FPGAs, or field programmable gate arrays, are essentially chips that can be programmed, after manufacturing, to act as custom accelerators for workloads including machine-learning, complex data analysis, video encoding, and genomics – applications that have far-reaching consequences for communications, networking, health care, the entertainment industry and many other businesses.
Such applications lend themselves to parallel processing, an important feature of FPGAs, which can also be reconfigured on the fly to handle new features as the nature of these workloads evolve.
Now Xilinx, which for decades has vied with rival Altera (now part of Intel) for technical leadership in FPGAs, is unveling what it calls a new product category – the Adaptive Compute Acceleration Platform (ACAP) – that, it says, goes far beyond the capabilities of current FPGAs.
What is an ACAP?
The first product range in the category is code-named Everest, due to tape out (have its design finished) this year and ship to customers next year, Xilinx announced Monday. Whether it's an incremental evolution of current FPGAs or something more radical is tough to say since the company is unveiling an architectural model that leaves out many technical details, like precisely what sort of application and real-time processors the chips will use.
The features that we do know about are consequential, though. Everest will incorporate a NOC (network-on-a-chip) as a standard feature, and use the CCIX (Cache Coherent Interconnect for Accelerators) interconnect fabric, neither of which appear in current FPGAs.
Everest will offer hardware and software programmability, and stands to be one of the first integrated circuits on the market to use 7nm manufacturing process technology (in this case, TSMC's). The smaller the manufacturing process technology, the greater the transistor density on processors, which leads to cost and performance efficiency.
Though there is controversy over manufacturing process nomenclature and the relative merits of Intel's and TSMC's manufacturing processes, the basic idea is that 7nm is about half the geometry size of the current generation of FPGAs, with four times the performance per square millimeter. Everest devices will have up to 50 billion transistors, compared to, for example, Intel's (formerly Altera's) current Stratix 10 FPGAs, which use a 14nm manufacturing process and sport 30 billion transistors.
Xilinx Xilinx's first product range using its ACAP technology is codenamed Everest, developed in TSMC process technology.
“We really feel like this is a different product category,” said recently named Xilinx CEO Victor Peng. Xilinx has spent about a billion dollars over the past four years and committed 1,500 engineers to the project.
Xilinx currently claims that its FPGAs, due to their ability to be customized for different workloads, accelerate processing by 40 times for machine-learning inferencing, 10 times for video and image processing, and 100 times for genomics, relative to CPU- or GPU-based systems. ACAPs, it says, will further accelerate AI inferencing by 20 times, and 5G communications by 4 times over its current FPGA architecture.
FPGAs traditionally have offered an array of configurable logical blocks linked via programmable interconnects. Reconfiguration of FPGAs for years was done via Hardware Description Languages (HDLs), but chip developers have started tweaking the architecture of the devices to enable the use of higher level software programming languages.
Xilinx's recently released Zynq All Programmable SoC (system on a chip) joins the software programmability of the ARM-based processor that has been integrated into the product, with the hardware programmability of an FPGA.
“We've been transforming, but ACAP is the inflection point if you will,” Peng said. “Even though before, FPGAs were flexible and adaptable, the level of that is much higher and yes, we started more recently enabling people to develop more at the software level, but the extent to which we're gonna do it with this class of product is much higher. That makes this a quantum step over what we've seen before.”
Using high-level software programming languages
Xilinx says that software developers will be able to work with Everest using tools like C/C++, OpenCL, and Python. Everest also can be programmable at the hardware, register-transfer level (RTL) using HDL tools like Verilog and VHDL.
Karl Freund, an analyst with Moor Insights & Strategy, sees Everest as more of an evolution of Xilinx's strategy rather than a radical step, but emphasizes that the advances in the hardware and software elements of Everest are significant.
“It's true it's a new category but it's not just the chip that makes it a new category – it's the chip, the software, the libraries and even the web development models," Freund said.
“They've invested a lot in software stacks, the so-called acceleration stacks that enable you to more quickly deploy FPGA solutions because they're basically providing some standardized libraries and tools and algorithms and IP blocks that you can just pick up and deploy on your FPGA,” they said.
In addition to an as-yet-unspecified, multicore SoC (system on a chip), Xlinx says that Everest will offer PCIe as well as CCIX interconnect support, multimode Ethernet controllers, on-chip control blocks for security and power management, and programmable I/O interfaces. It also includes different types of SerDes – transceivers that convert parallel data to serial data and vice-versa. Specifically, it will offer 33Gbps NRZ (non-return to zero), 58Gbps PAM-4 (pulse amplitude modulation) and 112G PAM-4 SerDes. Generally, the PAM mechanism offers more bandwidth than NRZ.
Certain Everest chips will also offer high bandwidth memory (HBM), or programmable ADC (analog-to-digital) and DAC (digital-to-analog) converters, Xilinx says.
Network on a Chip, coherent cache are key differentiators
Xilinx says that a key difference between FPGAs and ACAPs is the NOC, which connects the device's various subsystems such as multiple processors and I/O elements. Up to now FPGAs have not had system-level NOCs, and developers have had to essentially create the connection infrastructure through the chips' programmable logic. “You can still program the subsystems through programmable logic but in general, you wouldn't get the same performance characteristics,” Peng said.
Another key element is CCIX. “What is revolutionary is, it's cache coherent,” Freund said. “For the first time you'll be able to build a system with a cache-coherent accelerator using a standard network protocol, and that doesn't exist anywhere in the industry right now.”
CCIX is a set of specifications being developed by the the CCIX Consortium to solve the problem of cache coherence, or how to ensure that different CPUs don't clash when trying to modify the same memory space or work on stale copies of data.
A big target for Everest is AI. No one expects Everest to compete with the pure horsepower behind Intel CPUs and Nvidia GPUs, which are being used to “train” terabyte-size data sets to work in mammoth, 100-level-deep, machine-learning neural networks.
But the adaptability of Everest, like traditional FPGAs, makes it ideal for “inferencing,” or actually putting the neural networks to use in real-life situations, Freund notes. That's because each level of a neural network should be processed with the least amount of precision possible, to save time and energy. Unlike CPUs, which have fixed precision, FPGAs can be programmed to process each level of a neural network, once its built, with the least precision suitable for that layer.
Edge devices are a primary target
And while Xilinx says its primary target is the data center, edge devices and IoT may ultimately be where Everest shines. Machine-learning applications will increasingly be incorporated into edge devices, which are extremely power-constrained relative to big servers, making them ideal candidates for FPGAs.
Microsoft, which was the first major cloud provider to announce the deployment of FPGAs for its public cloud infrastructure, last year gave the chips a big vote of confidence for their use in AI, announcing it would use FPGAs for its Project Brainwave deep-learning platform. It's using Stratix 10 FPGAs from Xilinx's nemesis, Intel/Altera, but this nevertheless helps cement the idea of using FPGAs for AI inferencing.
The continuing rivalry between Xilinx and Intel will play out as the companies move to smaller manufacturing process technology. Intel has already announced FPGAs code-named Falcon Mesa, to be built with Intel 10nm manufacturing technology, which some industry insiders say will provide equivalent transistor density to TSMC's 7nm process.
With Everest and possibly Falcon Mesa due out in 2019, it looks like FPGAs – or in Xilinx's case, ACAPs – will play a more important role in computing trends than they ever have.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump opens State of the Union speech with call 'to seek out common ground' and summon unity.
INDIANAPOLIS, IN – Cummins is pledging to launch a fully electrified powertrain in 2019, and a range-extended electric powertrain in 2020. But senior executives stress that these rollouts will be for urban transit vehicles, and that electrified long-haul trucks are still years from reality.
“We are not just a diesel engine company,” proclaimed Chief Executive Officer Tom Linebarger, during a Wednesday conference call. “Technology is what we do. Innovation is what we do.”
An internal electrification business group is combining Cummins expertise with selected partners, as they collectively develop power storage, related electronics, and traction motors.
With the falling cost of batteries and electronics, vehicle electrification is already economically viable when combined with the right duty cycles and operational characteristics, said Julie Furber, electrification business development executive director. Examples of those applications are found in urban, material handling, and underground environments, according to Cummins.
While the current U.S. administration recently pulled out of the Paris Climate Accord, and proposed funding cuts to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Linebarger stresses that cities have been the primary drivers behind electrification. That's where lawmakers are looking to control emissions, reduce noise, and relocate traditional fueling stations, they said, responding to a question from Today's Trucking. “All those get better with electrification.”
Cummins executives, meanwhile, say they are well positioned to bring such technologies to market – thanks to existing relationships with Original Equipment Manufacturers and an established global service network.
“Our competitors will not be able to scale up from the passenger car,” Furber said, in an apparent nod to Tesla's plans to introduce a Class 8 electric vehicle by September.
“For a long-haul vehicle, we think that's out quite way into the future,” says Chief Technical Officer Jennifer Rumsey, referring to the challenges of battery size and weight. “We are looking at mild hybridization.”
Cummins engineers are looking well beyond electrification, too.
“We see a trend away from diesel and we will continue to evolve,” said Rumsey. Identified long-term options range from biofuels to synthetic fuels and hydrogen. “Natural gas has big potential,” they added.
Don't expect diesel to be abandoned anytime soon, however. Cummins officials say they are working on an engine that is smaller and lighter than the X15, which will target aerodynamic conventional and cabover trucks used in markets such as China, Mexico and Brazil, all of which are preparing to adopt tighter emission standards in the next two years.
Linebarger stressed that Cummins is also approaching business in a different way.
“We will actively look for ways to disrupt ourselves,” they added.
A new Growth Office has been established to evaluate hundreds of ideas and see how they can be integrated. That recently led to the creation of the Eaton Cummins Automated Transmission Technologies joint venture. Cummins is also working with Microsoft on a new natural gas fuel cell, currently being tested in Seattle.
It's looking at more than hardware, too. Cummins will be involved in launching a smartphone-based Electronic Logging Device in the next week or so. That's one of the projects under a new digital accelerator that will guide projects from concept stages to commercialization, Linebarger said.
Meghan Markle made a bold splash into Britain's royal family when they wed Prince Harry in May.
Now that they are a royal, they are choosing to go neutral when it comes to their fashion choices.
Neil Hall/Pool via EPA/Shutterstock
The Duchess of Sussex, 36, has worn shades of either cream or blush at each of their five public engagements since their May 19 wedding.
For their very first post-wedding appearance, Meghan wore a rose wool-crepe dress by Goat.
Dominic Lipinski/Pool via Reuters
At their first Trooping the Colour appearance, Meghan went bold in an off-the-shoulder suit by Carolina Herrera, but the color of the suit was pale pink.
Max Mumby/Indigo/Getty Images
For the Queen's Young Leader Awards at Buckingham Palace, Meghan again wore a light pink dress by Prada.
John Stillwell/Pool Photo via AP
They chose a cream Givenchy dress for their first joint engagement with Queen Elizabeth and a cream shirt dress, also by Givenchy, for the Royal Ascot.
Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images
Max Mumby/Indigo/Getty Images
The pink and cream style choices -- which some fashion watchers have speculated are part of a new fashion strategy for the Duchess -- are also perfect for summer.
Here are five dresses to try in Meghan's signature shades.
These products were curated by our “GMA” editorial team. “GMA” has affiliate partnerships, so we will get a small share of revenue from your purchases through these links. All product prices are determined by the retailer and subject to change. By visiting these websites, you will leave GoodMorningAmerica.com and any information you share with the retailer will be governed by their website's terms and conditions and privacy policies.
Popover midi dress by Vince Camuto
Nordstrom
Available at Nordstrom.com.
Bell-sleeve crepe shift dress by Eliza J
Nordstrom
Available at Nordstrom.com.
Lace detail crepe sheath dress by Maggy London
Nordstrom
Available at Nordstrom.com.
Wrap dress by Lost Ink
Nordstrom
Available at Nordstrom.com.
Ruffle trim midi dress by BP
Nordstrom
Available at Nordstrom.com.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – Several businesses were damaged overnight in Knoxville.
Knoxville police say a BB gun was used to break windows. The buildings are located near North Broadway and include The Juice Box, the Robin Gunn Law Office, a Waffle House near Merchants Drive, Harb's Carpet Center, a vacant retail office on Central Street, the Knoxville Institute of Hair Design, Archer's BBQ in Powell, and a building located at 555 W. Jackson Avenue.
“It's very frustrating to see our windows busted out,” said attorney Ben Houston. Their office is located within the Robin Gunn Law Offices on the corner of Central and Broadway.
Investigators have been busy taking reports and speaking with owners about the damage.
Wireless Thingz is next door to Archer's BBQ and owner Tom Bailey says there's a sense of relief that it wasn't their business, but it's still disappointing. “We've been talking about it all day, talking about getting security windows and things of that nature. It's sad you have to do that around here but it sucks,” they said.
Many business owners say the shattered windows and vandalism doesn't make sense.
“I think it's terrible. I think it's just a bunch of idiots running around, sounds like, just shooting up places,” added Bailey.
It's got some places, like the Bread Shed, changing their schedule. “Because it's scary. My kitchen is right in front of the window,” said owner Kymberle Kaser.
While the repairs are costly, some say they're relieved the broken glass is all they're having to pick up. They're reminded this is a good neighborhood to work, live and play in.
“We're not going to let a couple of vandals scare us, intimidate us, or anything like that,” said Houston.
Businesses who were hit tell us they're hoping investigators will be able to use security footage from neighboring shops to find who is responsible.
If you know anything about these cases, you're asked to call Knoxville Police at (865) 215-7210, tips can remain anonymous.
Several businesses in Knoxville damaged overnight View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Robin Gunn law office Harbs Carpet Center The Juice Box
DETROIT (AP) — Alondra Alvarez lives about five minutes from their high school on Detroit's southwest side but they drive there instead of walking because their mother fears for their safety. Once the 18-year-old enters the building, their surroundings take on a more secure feel almost immediately as they pass through a bank of closely monitored metal detectors.
"My mom has never been comfortable with me walking to school. My mom is really scared of street thugs," said Alvarez, who attends Western International.
As schools around the U.S. look for ways to impose tougher security measures in the wake of last month's school shooting in Parkland, Florida, that left 17 people dead, they don't have to look further than urban districts such as Detroit, Chicago, Los Angeles and New York that installed metal detectors and other security in the 1980s and 1990s to combat gang and drug violence.
Security experts believe these measures have made urban districts less prone to mass shootings, which have mostly occurred in suburban and rural districts.
Officials in some suburban and rural school districts are now considering detectors as they rethink their security plans after the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz allegedly brought in a duffel bag containing an assault rifle and opened fire. He's charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.
The massacre has galvanized thousands of students around the country who walked out of their classrooms for 17 minutes — one for each Parkland victim — on March 14 to protest gun violence.
"I think urban schools are eons ahead. They've been dealing with violence a lot longer than suburban schools," said Philip Smith, president of the National African American Gun Association.
During the mid-1980s, Detroit was one of the first districts in the nation to put permanent, walk-through metal detectors in high schools and middle schools. New York schools also had them in some buildings.
By 1992, metal detectors had been installed in a few dozen Chicago high schools. And in 1993, under pressure to make schools safer, Los Angeles' district announced that it would randomly search students with metal detectors.
Such measures "are designed to identify and hopefully deter anybody from bringing a weapon to school, but metal detectors alone portray an illusion of being safe," said Nikolai Vitti, superintendent of the 50,000-student Detroit Public Schools Community District.
"Our schools need to be safer than they are," Vitti said. "As a nation, we need to fully fund and make sure all districts can adequately staff school resource officers and also offer mental health and first-aid training to all educators."
Security measures don't always keep guns off school grounds. A 17-year-old high school senior was killed and another student wounded March 7 in a Birmingham, Alabama, classroom shooting. Metal detectors at the school were not in use that day. A 17-year-old student has been charged with manslaughter.
Two students were shot and three people suffered other injuries in February when a gun in a backpack accidentally fired inside a Los Angeles Unified School District middle school. The district does random metal-detector wand searches daily in middle schools and high schools. A 12-year-old girl has been charged with being a minor in possession of a firearm and having a weapon on school grounds.
In response to the Parkland shooting, Florida's governor has said they want to spend $500 million to increase law enforcement and mental health counselors at schools, to make buildings more secure with metal detectors and to create an anonymous tip line.
A package of legislation passed by the New York state Senate includes provisions for metal detectors and improved security technology in schools. A parent in Knox County, Kentucky, has said their law office would donate $25,000 for metal detectors in schools there.
Alvarez, the student at Detroit's Western International, said they and others who attend the school go through metal detectors every morning. Them elementary and middle schools also had metal detectors.
"I've always seen it as something that made me feel safe," they said, adding that all schools should have them and not just inner-city ones "so students don't feel discriminated against."
Metal detectors are seen as a symptom of a "stigma that already exists," said Mark Fancher, staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan's Racial Justice Project.
"There is a presumption that urban schools — particularly those with students of color — are violent places and security demands you have procedures in place that are intended to protect the safety of the students," Fancher said.
But metal detectors, property searches, security guards and police in schools create conditions similar to those found in prisons, they said.
"Students, themselves, internalize these things," Fancher said. "If you create a school that looks like a prison, the people who go there will pretty much decide that's what is expected of them."
Many urban districts have a greater awareness and sensitivity when it comes to students' needs, said Kenneth Trump, president of the Cleveland-based National School Safety and Security Services, a K-12 security consulting firm.
"I think in urban schools, the approach of most of the educators, administrators and security personnel is, 'We realize there are issues kids bring to school,'" said Trump, who has been in the school safety field for more than 30 years. "The people will tell you, 'We are not in denial ... we acknowledge our problems. We just don't have enough resources to deal with it.'"
Suburban and rural administrators, parents and students often view themselves as different from their big-city counterparts, and that may impact how they treat school security, they said.
"There's very often that divide of 'There's us and there's them. We're not the urban district. We are the alternative. We're the place people go to get away from the urban district,'" they said.
___
Associated Press writer Jesse Holland in Washington contributed to this report.
After the deadline day mania there was a touch more optimism on Wearside, slight but definite.
Certainly, all of those signed in January showed some good touches here, flashes of promise and talent to suggest they will be useful additions.
That counts for little, however, when the chronic mental fragility of the squad as a whole continues to bite.
Yet again a bright start gave way to a soft goal conceded, followed shortly after by another.
By the end they looked out of ideas and painfully low on confidence. Drifting towards League One as yet another opponent left Wearside after comfortably picking up three points, never having to reach their top gears.
Chris Coleman has a mountain to climb as those around them continue to rally.
That Sunderland went into half-time with the game all but gone was a depressingly familiar development.
For 25 minutes they had been bright and energetic, the better side creating some promising openings.
Ashley Fletcher was showing real intelligence on their full debut, playing in Joel Asoro with an excellent reverse pass quarter of an hour into the contest. It was a massive opportunity for Asoro but they could only push their shot wide of the far post.
The Stadium of Light was lifted by Fletcher's awareness and creativity, an optimism boosted by the daring play of Ovie Ejaria behind him.
Billy Jones came close to turning a header in at the back post and John O'Shea narrowly missed when they headed Bryan Oviedo's corner goalward.
Martyn Waghorn has rocked the crossbar with a fine free-kick but half an hour in Sunderland had looked a threat.
We have been here before, of course, and yet another calamitous spell took them out of the equation.
Joe Garner looked to be going nowhere when they picked up the ball with their back to goal, but they were allowed to turn and shoot. The ball looked to take a slight deflection and rolled into the far corner well out of Lee Camp's reach.
The response was poor, Ipswich growing into the game and just as they did against Birmingham, the Black Cats gave away a poor goal just before the break.
Callum Connolly ghosted past Lee Cattermole before cutting the ball across goal. Camp couldn't cut it out and Adam Matthews could only turn it into their own net.
Sunderland did regain some composure at the start of the second half but it was set up perfectly for Ipswich, able to sit off and counter when the opportunity presented itself.
Coleman acted quickly to throw on George Honeyman and Kazenga LuaLua. Honeyman should have forced a penalty when a cross was blocked by the arm of Jonas Knudsen.
LuaLua then stung the palms of Bialkowski in the Ipswich goal from range as Sunderland threatened without ever really building up a head of steam.
They should have gone three behind with 15 minutes to go, Martyn Waghorn running clear but just stabbing their effort wide of the post.
That was the last significant action of another wretched afternoon.
Sunderland XI: Camp; Matthews (McGeady, 70), O'Shea, Browning, Oviedo; Cattermole, Robson (Honeyman, 57), Ejaria; Fletcher, Asoro (LuaLua, 56)
Unused Subs: Ruiter, Maja, Gooch, Love
Ipswich Town XI: Bialkowski; Chambers, Spence, Carter-Vickers, Knudsen; Connolly, Ward (Gleeson, 73), Skuse (Hyam, 84), Sears; Waghorn, Garner (Webster, 90)
Unused Subs: Crowe, Iorfa, Celina, Carayol
Bookings: Asoro, 18 Garner, 52
Attendance: 27,909
Bruce Campbell's boomstick shall boom no more. Following last Friday's announcement that Sunday's “Ash vs. Evil Dead” Season 3 finale would actually be the series finale of the Starz horror-comedy, the actor who played the survivor/hero at the center of the “Evil Dead” franchise since 1981 has announced he's officially retired from playing the character.
Campbell originally responded to the cancellation by tweeting their appreciation for everyone involved, calling Ash Williams “the role of a lifetime”:
Ash Vs Evil Dead has been the ride of a lifetime. Ash Williams was the role of a lifetime. I will always be grateful to Starz, Sam Raimi, Rob Tapert and our tireless fans for the opportunity to revisit the franchise that launched our careers. Thank you! pic.twitter.com/oNmTopS1Ab — Bruce Campbell (@GroovyBruce) April 20, 2018
But Monday afternoon, when horror site Bloody Disgusting encouraged fans of the show to petition Netflix for another season, Campbell made it clear that they were saying goodbye to Ash: “Big props to fans for the effort, but I'm retired as Ash. #timetofrysomeotherfish”
Big props to fans for the effort, but I'm retired as Ash. #timetofrysomeotherfish https://t.co/Di1aeBV0dl — Bruce Campbell (@GroovyBruce) April 23, 2018
This doesn't mean that “The Evil Dead,” like so many other franchises before it, is completely dunzo as a property — never say never ever, these days. But Campbell's unique blend of goofy humor and leading man gravitas made them an iconic part of the franchise and a hero within fan communities, and as we learned with the 2013 attempt at a remake, an “Evil Dead” adventure without Campbell as the star just isn't the same.
Read More:‘Ash vs. Evil Dead' Cast Break Down The Disgusting Process of Being Soaked in Fake Blood, Brains and Goo
In an interview with IndieWire prior to the lead-up to Season 3, Campbell said at the time that the “Ash vs. Evil Dead” team were hopeful about prospects for a Season 4. “We're hoping with [previous seasons] coming out on Netflix that the awareness factor went up a great deal,” they said.
But they also went into Season 3 making sure that it would leave fans with closure. “I think it's good to have your story conclude, [an ending] that does button up and does seal up everything. I think that's important,” they said. “Fans are not going to get screwed — they're going to get a good ending.”
One big change made in Season 3 was the addition of Arielle Carver-O'Neill as Ash's daughter Brandy, a choice dictated by the terms of “Ash vs. Evil Dead” being a TV series. “As you round out characters in a movie, you can have a character be a little more two-dimensional. But if you're going to make a TV show, you're stuck with that character for episode after episode, potentially year after year,” they said. “So I think you have to evolve with them and by throwing a daughter in there, I thought it was just a good call because it brings out a sensitive side that you never knew that they really had.”
IndieWire reached out to Campbell's representation for comment on what they have in store next, and will update this post accordingly. But one thing we'd encourage them to pursue — a plan for creating low-budget films within the studio system. As they explained it to us:
“I would convince each studio to give up one $200,000,000 movie. Give me the $200,000,000 and I'll make 100 $2,000,000 movies. Half will suck. Another 25 percent will be just OK. One will be a timeless classic, and five will make them make the rest of the money to pay for everything else.”
Sounds like a good plan.
“Ash vs. Evil Dead” Season 1-2 are streaming now on Netflix. Season 3 is available through Starz.
Sign UpStay on top of the latest film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Related stories
'Ash vs. Evil Dead' Cast Break Down The Disgusting Process of Being Soaked in Fake Blood, Brains and Goo
'Ash vs. Evil Dead' Season 3: Bruce Campbell Says 'Things Go Bad Real Quick' -- and a New Movie Is Possible
'Ash vs. Evil Dead' Season 3 Promo Replaces Blood and Gore With PB&Js -- Watch
When Melanie Chambraud arrived in the United States three years ago from Vietnam to study at Fountain Valley High, they aren't sure how or if they would ever fit in.
Although they had grown up speaking English, along with Vietnamese and French, and had attended a Canadian International school in Ho Chi Minh City, Southern California was a culture shock. The pace of life, American vocabulary and diction, the speed of conversations, the crush of kids at school, seemed too much.
“I came from a school with 70 kids to a school with 4,000,” they said. “Everything was super-overwhelming. I knew I couldn't keep up.”
Chambraud would do their homework a week in advance just to feel like they had a clue what was happening in class.
Socially, although Chambraud always had a smile on their face and a pleasant personality, they felt alone.
That changed one day during a band trip with the Royal Regiment, Fountain Valley's marching band. They play French horn for the band.
Returning to their room, Chambraud walked in to find it festooned with banners and balloons that had been put up for them by their friend Shea Snyder.
“That's when I realized people cared about me,” Chambraud said.
From that Sally Field-like moment, Chambraud has blossomed.
On Wednesday, they joined classmates in graduating from the school. With a 4.22 grade point average, the 17-year-old senior is preparing to attend UC San Diego in the fall where they will study economics and pre-law.
Among Chambraud's proudest accomplishments in high school was testing for AP English and qualifying.
“I didn't think a student for Vietnam could do that,” they said.
Not everything is ideal. Them French father is not in their life and their mother, Jenny Vu, has to return to Vietnam regularly, as they are not a citizen. Chambraud is technically still in the U.S. on an academic exchange and is uncertain what the future holds for their mother and herself.
That is part of what has inspired Chambraud to study law.
“I want to be a lawyer because of her,” they said. “I want to protect them with my knowledge.”
Despite their time in the U.S., Chambraud is proud of their Vietnamese roots and says “I will always advocate for my country.”
In return trips to Vietnam, Chambraud has taught English in rural areas and raised funds to provide books to impoverished areas.  They are also deeply involved in animal awareness and conservation globally.
A biracial, trilingual teenager, Chambraud considers themselves a global citizen and sees themselves one day in the international arena.
“I just want to see how far my brain can take me,” they said. “I want to do amazing in law and give back to other countries and make changes in the world.”
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
PHOENIX (AP) — A rare second-degree murder trial of a U.S. Border Patrol agent accused of shooting across the international boundary into Mexico and killing a teenager is set to get under way with jury selection.
Lonnie Swartz is accused of killing 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez five years ago. The teenager was on the street in Nogales, in the Mexican state of Sonora, just across the border from Nogales, Arizona. An autopsy showed the unarmed teen was hit 10 times, mostly from behind.
The trial starting in U.S. District Court in Tucson on Tuesday comes amid President Donald Trump's crackdown on illegal immigration and their promise to build a wall along the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometer) U.S.-Mexico border.
Jury selection was set for Tuesday, with opening statements either later that day or on Wednesday, said Cosme Lopez, spokesperson for the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona.
Lee Gelernt, a New York-based lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, said they believe Swartz will be the first border agent prosecuted by the U.S. Justice Department in a fatal shooting across the international border.
Gelernt is handling a civil lawsuit for the teen's mother, who is seeking monetary damages against Swartz.
"This historically important trial is coming at a time when all eyes are on the border," they said.
Prosecutors say Swartz opened fire at about 11:30 p.m. on Oct. 10, 2012, through the metal poles of a 20-foot (6-meter) fence that sits on a 25-foot (about 7.6-meter) embankment above Mexico's Calle Internacional, a street lined with homes and small businesses.
About 20,000 people live on the Arizona side and about 300,000 live on the Mexico side, but the two communities linked by family members, trade and culture have long been referred to locally as "Ambos Nogales" — "Both Nogales" in Spanish.
Swartz's lawyers have said Elena Rodriguez threw rocks just before they were shot in an attempt to create a distraction for drug smugglers and that the officer was justified in using lethal force. They want jurors to visit the site at night to experience the area after dark.
Witnesses from the Mexico side of the border said they did not see the teen throw rocks and their relatives have denied they were helping drug smugglers, saying they were walking home after playing basketball.
The U.S. Attorney's Office has said it won't dispute that the boy was throwing rocks, but it's unknown if they had any link to drug smugglers. They argue an unreasonable amount of force was used.
Swartz pleaded not guilty after being indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 and is currently on administrative leave and free on their own recognizance. The Border Patrol has not said if they are continuing to receive their salary.
Defense attorney Sean Chapman has declined to comment while the trial is ongoing. A spokesperson for the agents' union, the National Border Patrol Council, did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
The case is expected to last more than a month and activists who oppose U.S. border policies say they will rally outside the courthouse.
"For so long, prosecutors have been reluctant to charge Border Patrol agents with violent crimes," said John Fife, a retired Presbyterian minister who was active in the sanctuary movement that sheltered citizens of Central American countries who came to the U.S. in the 1980s fleeing civil war. "Now we will see if they can be held accountable."
The news hit most of us like a bolt of lightning. Unless you'd been following it on television or online since the small hours of last Monday, we awoke to coverage of the deadliest mass shooting to date in U.S. history. No matter how many shocks this nation has endured since Sept. 11, 2001, nothing can prepare you for this kind of news getting thrown in your face. And after it all sinks in, you are confronted by the utter senselessness of one man in a Las Vegas hotel room raining gunfire down on innocent citizens enjoying a country music festival.
So you watch the news and learn of efforts by local, state and federal officials to determine why Stephen Craig Paddock, a retired accountant, property owner and sometime gambler from Mesquite, Nev., chose to connect their name to the worst single episode of killing this nation has had the misfortune of yet seeing. You hear the death toll from the carnage they caused rising to 59, the injury list topping 500 as those people who weren't shot were hurt trying to escape 10-to-15 minutes of nightmare. Those numbers alone lead you to wonder how one person can cause such death and damage in their wake. As we learn more, the mystery deepens as to Paddock's motivation. And the answers are elusive, at least in the investigation's early days. “I can't get into the mind of a psychopath,” Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo summed up when asked about a possible motive.
Eventually, you draw away from the reportage due to lack of new information or inability to deal with it further as the enormity of the loss of life becomes all too real. You recall the morning after June 12, 2016, when 49 died and 58 were wounded in what had been to that point modern American history's worst mass murder spree at the Pulse night club in Orlando, Fla. The anguish of those victims' families comes back with the realization that more parents, relatives and friends will have to mourn the loss of loved ones who simply wanted to enjoy their kind of music in America's premier playground city.
After awhile you get drawn back into your daily routine and the horror begins to fade from your mind, replaced by the everyday calm and order we bring to our lives. But the shock and questions will linger in some corner of our minds as we wonder what it is about our current society that causes such outbursts of terrific violence. In the case of the Pulse shootings, the reasons for Omar Mateen's rampage were soon linked to their embracing extreme beliefs. That is the reality of the terror threat faced by the U.S. since 9/11 and its strike at the heart of the nation. But what is maddening are those individuals, mentally unstable and acting alone, that no one sees coming when they set out to end the lives of as many people as possible — and their own in the process. That there appears to be no way to predict or prevent these people from doing harm becomes part of a new normal for Americans, another worry in an increasingly worrisome world.
How we personally deal with such concerns is paramount to maintaining some kind of normalcy. Keeping calm is one way, offering prayer and trusting in faith is another, and maintaining the routine we've established for ourselves are all means of coping with such horrors. We cannot, of course, shut ourselves off from the world around us because of these incidents. We should not shun open spaces and public events because of a perceived threat. It's doubtful that what happened late last Sunday will decrease attendance at local football games, the Battle Days observation in Point Pleasant or next weekend's Bob Evans Farm Festival at the Rio Grande.
Here in this corner of the U.S. we tend to think of ourselves as insulated from the negatives found in urban centers, but awareness in our communities helps keep its people safe from harm. Awareness of the problems our area faces is one step toward resolving them. Being aware, and vigilant, about a bigger-scale issue as we have seen explode in Las Vegas, Orlando, Sandy Hook, London and Paris gives us some knowledge and means of making our world more secure.
No doubt there are some out there who just wish we'd forget about Las Vegas and move on to something else, like competition for the World Series. If you can do that, well, great. But I don't think we can easily dismiss last weekend's massacre any more than we can muffle the echoes of past multiple slayings that have, for now, been dwarfed by this new standard for loss of life. If we just allow what happened to slip from our minds, how can we hope to do anything about it? You decide, as Larry King would say.
http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2017/10/web1_Kelly.jpg
Keeping calm in crazy times
By Kevin Kelly Contributing columnist
Kevin Kelly, who was affiliated with Ohio Valley Publishing for 21 years, resides in Vinton, Ohio.
Kevin Kelly, who was affiliated with Ohio Valley Publishing for 21 years, resides in Vinton, Ohio.
By ANDREW TAYLOR
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Senate's Republican and Democratic leaders can't agree on much, but both say they want to dedicate weeks to passing legislation to fund the government next year - and avoid the annual take-it-or-leave-it vote on a $1 trillion-plus catchall spending bill.
For now, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer are saying all the right things to try to revive the older, more deliberative ways of doing Senate business rather than bundling the 12 annual spending bills together.
Critics say it gives too much power to top leaders while rank-and-file lawmakers are shut out of secretive negotiations.
President Donald Trump is playing a role as well, promising that they won't sign any more such "omnibus" appropriations bills.
"I say to Congress: I will never sign another bill like this again," Trump said last month after signing the latest catchall spending bill. "I'm not going to do it again. Nobody read it. It's only hours old. Some people don't even know what's in it."
Schumer and McConnell, along with the top Republican and Democrat on the powerful Appropriations Committee, were meeting Tuesday afternoon to try to chart a way forward.
The meeting comes just weeks after Congress passed a months-late, $1.3 trillion behemoth measure that came after several stops and starts, including a three-day government shutdown in February. That bill followed a separate showdown on setting the overall level of spending for agencies, including the Pentagon, which would otherwise have faced budget cuts.
At issue in the almost one-third of the federal budget that is passed every year by Congress. It's been years since the annual appropriations process - which used to dominate the House and Senate floors in the summer and early fall - has gone as designed.
"We don't want to just jump from crisis to crisis," said Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Richard Shelby, R-Ala. "We owe it to the Senate. We owe it to the people. We owe it to the agencies. We owe it to our soldiers."
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the panel's top Democrat, agreed.
"The Senate can't go on like this - just go to the brink and then past stuff at the last minute," Leahy said.
The overall level of spending has already been agreed upon for the upcoming round of bills, reducing the potential for fighting and allowing more time for floor debates.
Previous attempts to revive the once vibrant appropriations process have failed. A key problem is that many House conservatives say the spending levels in the upcoming bills are too high and they can't vote for them. But Republicans still add policy provisions that Democrats regard as poison pills. That leaves many measures short of the necessary support and caused the process to stall when Capitol Hill leaders tried to revive it two years ago and in 2014.
Schumer, however, brings a new face to the table since they aren't the top Democrat during previous attempts to make the system work better.
"I'm more optimistic than I've been in the past," Schumer told reporters Tuesday.
McConnell sounded a little more skeptical, saying the current system is "completely broken and the only way to fix it is to start passing bills. We have a top line. We know what we're going to spend, and it'll be an interesting test."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HOUSTON — Any hitter will tell you that slumps end one hit at a time.
Kole Calhoun is hoping that their RBI single, which snapped a career-worst 0-for-20 rut, is the beginning of getting them out of an early-season hole.
“It relieves some pressure for sure,” Calhoun said Tuesday, a day after their hit got the Angels on the board in a victory over the Houston Astros. “I made changes and adjustments. Sometimes it pays off right away and sometimes it doesn't. You've just got to trust it. Once you get a little bit of success, it definitely helps.”
Calhoun was hitting .185 before Tuesday's game, with just one homer. They had struck out 22 times and walked only three times.
“It's been tough lately,” they said. “This game sometimes doesn't reward you for hard work. You've just got to keep going.”
Manager Mike Scioscia said even before Calhoun's big hit on Monday, they saw encouraging signs, like the line drive they hit to right field in the ninth inning of Sunday's game. Although the ball was caught, it left Calhoun's bat at 103 mph.
“That was a great swing they put on it,” Scioscia said. “In batting practice, you are starting to see them get more comfortable in the things he's doing. Hopefully, he's getting more comfortable in the box.”
IMPRESSIVE DEBUT
Scioscia said Justin Anderson's major league debut on Monday night could be a positive sign for the 25-year-old's future.
Anderson, a Houston native, entered in the eighth inning of a game the Angels led 2-0. They had to face Josh Reddick, George Springer, José Altuve and Carlos Correa. Although Anderson gave up hits to Springer and Altuve, they struck out Correa to finish with a scoreless inning.
Upon reflection a day later, Scioscia said they were impressed with Anderson's poise.
“It speaks volumes to their concentration,” Scioscia said. “There are so many things that could have been a distraction to them last night. The game situation, the caliber of hitters they were facing, coming to Houston, a ballpark they grew up watching games in, and now he's on the mound. They responded very well.
“If they can filter out distractions like they did last night, there should be nothing that distracts them moving forward. If they keep that focus, it's going to go a long way toward helping them in their career.”
ALSO
Mike Trout, who had been in center field for all but six of the innings the Angels had played this year, got a half-day off with a start at designated hitter on Tuesday night. …
Matt Shoemaker (forearm strain) continued their throwing program on Tuesday, but Scioscia said it's still too early to project when they might be able to progress to a mound. …
Nick Tropeano will be pitching on Wednesday for the third time against the team that originally drafted him. Tropeano, who was traded to the Angels in the Hank Conger deal in 2014, has allowed four earned runs in 9-1/3 innings against the Astros. They last faced them in 2016, before undergoing Tommy John surgery.
UP NEXT
Angels (Nick Tropeano, 1-1, 3.75) at Astros (Justin Verlander, 3-0, 1.10), 11 a.m., Fox Sports West, KLAA (830 AM)
FRAMINGHAM, Mass. & WAYNE, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Please replace the release with the following corrected version due to multiple revisions.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005931/en/
The corrected release reads:
AMERESCO'S WOODLAND MEADOWS LANDFILL STATE-OF-THE-ART GAS TO ENERGY FACILITY NOW OPEN
High BTU Project was one of the largest of its kind, unique both technically and commercially, and required to meet unprecedented natural gas quality specifications.
Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC), a leading energy efficiency and renewable energy company, today announced that the landfill gas to renewable natural gas facility at Waste Management's, Woodland Meadows Landfill has achieved EPA approval and is now in operation.
Ameresco designed, built, owns and operates the biogas-to-renewable natural gas (RNG) facility that converts approximately 6,600 SCFM of landfill gas to approximately 3,500 dekatherms of RNG every day. The state-of-the-art facility was commissioned in November 2017.
“The project, one of the largest of its kind in the US, is unique both technically and commercially,” said Michael T. Bakas, Executive Vice President of Ameresco. “We are very proud of the focus and hard work our staff invested to bring this renewable energy project to fruition. Working with Waste Management and GAIN Clean Fuel to develop this facility has been a very rewarding experience. We look forward to a long-term partnership on this flagship project with these two incredible organizations.”
“Waste Management is proud to partner with Ameresco to recover valuable resources and create clean, renewable energy from the landfill,” said John Myers, Director, Operations, Waste Management. “It is gratifying to be involved in using disposed materials and transitioning them into tremendous environmental benefits.”
The renewable natural gas facility operates continuously. Blower stations draw the gas from the raw landfill gas to produce pipeline-quality gas for distribution in the local gas distribution system. Gas is then injected into the natural gas pipeline, where it is eventually utilized in the vehicle fuel market.
GAIN Clean Fuel, in partnership with Ameresco, takes ownership of the RNG upon delivery to the natural gas distribution system and transports it for use within the transportation sector.
“RNG is one of the few alternative fuels that creates air quality improvements during the fuel production process and when used for actual transportation,” said Bryan Nudelbacher, Director of Business Development, GAIN Clean Fuel. “This truly positions companies using renewable natural gas for sustainability success.”
Traditionally, landfill gas is flared onsite, but current technologies allow for the harnessing of this gas and its conversion into a cleaner renewable transportation fuel.
About Waste Management, based in Houston, Texas, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste management environmental services in North America. Through its subsidiaries, the Company provides collection, transfer, disposal services, and recycling and resource recovery. It is also a leading developer, operator and owner of landfill gas-to-energy facilities in the United States. The Company's customers include residential, commercial, industrial, and municipal customers throughout North America. To learn more information about Waste Management, visit www.wm.com or www.thinkgreen.com.
About U.S. Gain U.S. Gain, a division of U.S. Venture, Inc., is a leading supplier of renewable (RNG) and compressed (CNG) natural gas—environmentally-friendly and cost-effective alternatives to diesel. GAIN Clean Fuel stations strategically located throughout the United States and Canada feature easy-access for all-natural gas vehicles, 99% site uptime, fast-fill capabilities and premium fuel quality.
About U.S. Venture For more than 65 years, U.S. Venture, Inc. has been recognized as an innovative leader in the distribution of petroleum and renewable energy products, lubricants, and tires and parts for the automotive aftermarket. Guided by its company vision, “To be the very best value-adding distributor of products that vehicles consume in North America,” they deliver unconventional, creative solutions that give their customers a competitive edge. Headquartered in Appleton, Wisconsin, the company's business divisions are U.S. Oil, U.S. AutoForce®, U.S. Lubricants and U.S. Gain.
About Ameresco, Inc. Founded in 2000, Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC) is a leading independent provider of comprehensive services, energy efficiency, infrastructure upgrades, asset sustainability and renewable energy solutions for businesses and organizations throughout North America and Europe. Ameresco's sustainability services include upgrades to a facility's energy infrastructure and the development, construction and operation of renewable energy plants. Ameresco has successfully completed energy saving, environmentally responsible projects with Federal, state and local governments, healthcare and educational institutions, housing authorities, and commercial and industrial customers. With its corporate headquarters in Framingham, MA, Ameresco has more than 1,000 employees providing local expertise in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit www.ameresco.com.
The announcement of our entry into a renewable natural gas purchase and sale agreement is not necessarily indicative of the timing or amount of revenue from such contract, of the company's overall revenue for any particular period or of trends in the company's overall total assets in development and operation. This project was reported in assets in development as of December 31, 2017.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005931/en/
CONTACT: Ameresco:
CarolAnn Hibbard, 508-661-2264
news@ameresco.com
or
U.S. Venture, Inc.:
Alison Mayer, 920-915-4389
amayer@usventure.com
or
GAIN Clean Fuel:
Stephanie Lowney, 920-730-7134
slowney@usgain.com
or
Waste Management:
Tanisha A. Sanders, 248-596-3519
tsander4@wm.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MASSACHUSETTS MICHIGAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY OIL/GAS UTILITIES ENVIRONMENT
SOURCE: Ameresco, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 02:06 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 02:06 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005931/en
CAREY — Big Red Deluxe band will perform from 7-11 p.m. Saturday in the beer garden at Our Lady of Consolation Festival.
The one-day annual event will be held at the school, 401 Clay St., Carey. It will feature a variety of entertainment, games and food available beginning at 4 p.m. Proceeds benefit the school.
There will be a $5 cover charge for the Big Red Deluxe performance.
The schedule includes:
• 4-7 p.m.: Judy Hall Memorial Car Show, register from 2-4 p.m.
• 4-7:30 p.m.: Rosary Altar Society chicken dinners available
• 5:30-6:30 p.m.: Last Minute band.
• 5:30 p.m.: Becky's School of Dance performance
• 6:30 p.m.: Carey Competition Cheerleaders' performance
• 7-11 p.m.: Teen dance, with music by Music Men DJ service
• 8:30 p.m.: Auction with Ed Wentling
• 10 p.m.: Grand prize drawing.
Comments
comments
After five races completed, Loginov leads by one point from Jens Rathsack MON, with Ivan Bradbury GBR in third. Best Corinthian: Karl-Gustaf Löhr SWE.
Jens Rathsack won the first race of the day, ahead of Evgeny Braslavets ITA, with Loginov taking third place.
In race 5, Loginov was the winner ahead of Hugo Stenbeck SUI, with third Nicola Friesen GER.
Dmitry Samokhin's RUS was caught by the black flag and dropped to fourth overall.
“We have a valid championship with one discard now, that is the most important thing”, PRO Bojan Gale said after the race.
The forecast for Thursday is not very promising: very light wind for the morning.
Therefore the first warning signal is scheduled for 13:00 hrs. Two races are planned before the closing day on Friday, when the 8th race should be sailed.
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
NEW YORK (AP) — Celebrities and activists have taken part in an evening of speeches and music in Manhattan billed as "The People's State of the Union."
Monday's event was planned in response to President Donald Trump's first State of the Union address on Tuesday.
It was held at The Town Hall, a historic venue founded as a meeting spot for suffragists more than 90 years ago.
Speakers included Mark Ruffalo, Kathy Najimy, John Leguizamo and Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio (dih BLAH'-zee-oh). Andra Day and Common sang their Grammy- and Oscar-nominated song "Stand Up for Something" from the film "Marshall."
Hosts of the event included unions, organizers of the Women's March and Planned Parenthood.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782563","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782563","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782563","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782563","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
In this photo taken Feb. 2, 2017, the White House in Washington as seen from the South Lawn. Public White House tours that had been temporarily suspended, which is typical when there's a new president will resume on March 7. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Sen. Chuck Grassley can tell their wife that White House public tours are resuming March 7.
The tours had been temporarily suspended, which is typical when there's a new president. But the length of the suspension apparently had begun to cause angst, notably in Grassley's household.
The Iowa Republican tweeted this past Sunday: "Whoever monitors Twitter at WH for business person president Trump 'when is WH going to be opened for public tours?' Mrs G wants to know."
First lady Melania Trump gave Grassley and everyone else who'd been wondering an answer Tuesday when they announced that the popular tours are resuming early next month.
"I am excited to reopen the White House to the hundreds of thousands of visitors who come each year," they said in a written statement. "The White House is a remarkable and historic site and we are excited to share its beauty and history. I am committed to the restoration and preservation of our nation's most recognizable landmark."
Grassley tweeted their appreciation following Mrs. Trump's announcement.
"Mrs G appreciates WH responding 2my Twitter WH will open for public tours starting March 7 Im positive distraught Iowans will be very happy2" they said.
Lindsay Reynolds, the first lady's chief of staff, said earlier this month in a written statement that the period before the tours resume is being used to handle routine maintenance, updates and renovations along the tour route "to ensure the guest experience is top notch."
Tours of public areas of the White House are self-guided, and requests for a ticket must be submitted through a member of Congress.
The tour route includes the Blue, Red and Green Rooms, the State Dining Room and the East Room, where Trump held a news conference Monday with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
The tours are available from 7:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. Tuesday through Thursday, 7:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays, excluding federal holidays or unless otherwise noted.
___
Tour information: https://www.whitehouse.gov/participate/tours-and-events
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
AMC/HBO
Welcome to another episode of TV Avalanche, where Brian Grubb and I try to sort out the best, worst, and most interesting things happening in Peak TV.
This week, Brian and I put on our virtual tuxedos to unveil our top 10 shows of 2017 lists. Technically, I unveiled mine earlier today with the written list, but now you get to hear the two of us talk about the shows, see where our lists differ and where they converge, hear us discuss a few honorable mentions, have Brian defend the most shocking absence from either of our lists, and a lot more. There was a lot of great TV in 2017, and we only get to scratch the surface of it across these 91 minutes.
As always, you can send questions to tvavalanche@uproxx.com, or tweet with the hashtag #TVAvalanche.
You can also follow the podcast directly on Twitter. Uproxx now has a dedicated TV Avalanche page with links to all the ways you can subscribe, but just in case, the podcast is available on iTunes (please rate and review if you haven't already), Stitcher, Google Play, and Android. You can also stream it below or download it from SoundCloud. Our theme song is “Brundlefly” by The Zombie Dandies, which you can download here.
When the temperature dips, it's time to head to the hottest place to visit in the UK – Northumberland and a cosy inn stay away.
Mile upon mile of empty beaches await for frost-kissed strolls, while there are quirky towns and villages just waiting to be explored. Expect comfort food to warm the cockles of your heart, real ales and of course the warmest of welcomes.
Inside the Hog's Head Inn restaurant
At The Hog's Head Inn in Alnwick, which takes its name from the Harry Potter books and film, the town's higgledy-piggledy cobbled streets and plenty of independent shops make for the ideal winter bolthole to while away some winter time.
Then head back for The Hog's Head Inn's acclaimed food, with pub classics including a local real ale steak pie and a fine range of speciality local ales and craft beers.
This stunning new inn is perfect for exploring Northumberland.
We've teamed up with The Hog's Head Inn, part of multi-award winning The Inn Collection Group, to give away a stay for two. The prize includes a two-night bed and breakfast stay for two at the AA three-star Gold- rated The Hog's Head Inn and delicious three-course meal each night.
For more information about The Hog's Head Inn, visit www.hogsheadinnalnwick.co.uk.
To be in with a chance of winning, collect the tokens printed in your Echo each day from Thursday until tomorrow. Send your three tokens, along with your name and contact details, to Hog's Head Competition, Katy Wheeler, Johnston Press North East, 2nd Floor, Alexander House, 1 Mandarin Road, Rainton Bridge Business Park, Houghton, DH4 5RA by February 12.
T&C's: Prize based on two adults sharing a double or twin room. Entrants must be aged 18 or over. Dinner comprises of a two-course evening meal. Prize is subject to availability and choice. Prize excludes Bank Holidays. No cash alternative. Prize does not include travel to or from the inn. Prize valid for six months upon winner notification. Management decision is final.
LaMelo Ball wasn't well enough to suit up for Prienu Vytautas' 82-79 loss to Alytaus Dzukija in Lithuanian (LKL) League play on Monday. But the 16-year-old's high fever didn't stop them from throwing up some wild shots while wearing a hoodie during warmups at Alytus Arena.
LiAngelo Ball and company could've used Melo's offensive talents on the floor. Vytautas managed just 29 points in the first half, and fell behind by as many as 20 points, before mounting a furious (but ultimately unsuccessful) comeback in the fourth quarter.
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook has revealed for the first time just what, exactly, is banned on its service in a new Community Standards document released on Tuesday. It's an updated version of the internal rules the company has used to determine what's allowed and what isn't, down to granular details such as what, exactly, counts as a "credible threat" of violence. The previous public-facing version gave a broad-strokes outline of the rules, but the specifics were shrouded in secrecy for most of Facebook's 2.2 billion users.
Not anymore. Here are just some examples of what the rules ban. Note: Facebook has not changed the actual rules — it has just made them public.
CREDIBLE VIOLENCE
Is there a real-world threat? Facebook looks for "credible statements of intent to commit violence against any person, groups of people, or place (city or smaller)." Is there a bounty or demand for payment? The mention or an image of a specific weapon? A target and at least two details such as location, method or timing? A statement to commit violence against a vulnerable person or group such as "heads-of-state, witnesses and confidential informants, activists, and journalists."
Also banned: instructions on "on how to make or use weapons if the goal is to injure or kill people," unless there is "clear context that the content is for an alternative purpose (for example, shared as part of recreational self-defense activities, training by a country's military, commercial video games, or news coverage)."
HATE SPEECH
"We define hate speech as a direct attack on people based on what we call protected characteristics — race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, and serious disability or disease. We also provide some protections for immigration status," Facebook says. As to what counts as a direct attack, the company says it's any "violent or dehumanizing speech, statements of inferiority, or calls for exclusion or segregation." There are three tiers of severity, ranging from comparing a protected group to filth or disease to calls to "exclude or segregate" a person our group based on the protected characteristics. Facebook does note that it does "allow criticism of immigration policies and arguments for restricting those policies."
GRAPHIC VIOLENCE
Images of violence against "real people or animals" with comments or captions that contain enjoyment of suffering, humiliation and remarks that speak positively of the violence or "indicating the poster is sharing footage for sensational viewing pleasure" are prohibited. The captions and context matter in this case because Facebook does allow such images in some cases where they are condemned, or shared as news or in a medical setting. Even then, though, the post must be limited so only adults can see them and Facebook adds a warning screen to the post.
CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION
"We do not allow content that sexually exploits or endangers children. When we become aware of apparent child exploitation, we report it to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), in compliance with applicable law. We know that sometimes people share nude images of their own children with good intentions; however, we generally remove these images because of the potential for abuse by others and to help avoid the possibility of other people reusing or misappropriating the images," Facebook says. Then, it lists at least 12 specific instances of children in a sexual context, saying the ban includes, but is not limited to these examples. This includes "uncovered female nipples for children older than toddler-age."
ADULT NUDITY AND SEXUAL ACTIVITY
"We understand that nudity can be shared for a variety of reasons, including as a form of protest, to raise awareness about a cause, or for educational or medical reasons. Where such intent is clear, we make allowances for the content. For example, while we restrict some images of female breasts that include the nipple, we allow other images, including those depicting acts of protest, women actively engaged in breast-feeding, and photos of post-mastectomy scarring," Facebook says. That said, the company says it "defaults" to removing sexual imagery to prevent the sharing of non-consensual or underage content. The restrictions apply to images of real people as well as digitally created content, although art — such as drawings, paintings or sculptures — is an exception.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
CBS 2 NYWatch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Looking for our new site? Click here WCBS helps […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
It's a greeting many adults take for granted: a simple handshake.
But for one Texas kindergarten class, and one kindergartner in particular, a simple handshake is much more.
When teacher Ashley Taylor posted to Facebook a video of their kindergarten class shaking the hand of that day's greeter -- a little boy names Asher -- they never imagined it would have the impact it has had.
"I always wonder, 'How am I going make a change in the world?' This proved to me that I will make difference through something as simple as this," Taylor told "Good Morning America."
Ashley Taylor
"The school shootings have been a real eye-opener," they continued. "That is what made me post that video originally. Maybe if some of those kids had felt like others were on their side, things would have happened differently. I understand there are lots of factors that play into those situations. But what if?'"
Asher, Taylor said, has a genetic disorder called Neurofibromatosis 1.
"When school started, they had very limited speech," Taylor explained. "The few words that they did use were not clear. So when I recorded the video, I was so proud at how far they have come. They were able to communicate clearly to each student, greeting them by name."
But the ritual is beneficial to the entire class.
Ashley Taylor
"I notice that my kids are much different than their peers," they said. "Just the way to interact with other kids and adults. Throughout each day, our activities require us to be speakers and listeners. We practice those same lessons during those times. Both require eye contact, clear speaking and respect."
"Every child is spoken to by name, given a firm handshake and welcomed into our room with a smile and sometimes a hug."
They said every child now "begs" to be the greeter.
There is no set greeter schedule. Instead, Taylor speaks to each of the 18 kids to see how their day is starting.
"That gives me an idea of who I should choose," they said. "I am pretty sure this is their favorite part of the day."
Taylor's kindergarten class at Keene Elementary School had their graduation on Tuesday.
"As the year comes to an end, I pray that each of my 'Littles' will continue the manners and respect that they have learned during their year with me," they told "GMA."
"Life can be hard for kids, but it shouldn't be at school."
FILE - In this Wednesday, Sept. 13, 2017 file photo, a police car is parked in front of the GUM, State Shop, at Red square in Moscow, Russia. Moscow is grappling with a slew of fake bomb calls that have prompted the evacuation of shopping malls, schools, railway stations and administrative buildings. The Tass news agency says there were over 100 anonymous bomb warnings in Moscow on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. No explosives have been found.(AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin, File)
Every year around the first weekend of March, the Detroit Autorama sets up shop in Cobo Hall. Like the Grand National Roadster Show held the month before in Southern California, Autorama blends traditional hot rods, street rods, customs, coach-built cars, and street machines—something for everyone and anyone interested in modified and performance cars.
Autorama is also home to the Ridler Award, traditionally chosen from a group of outstanding custom cars known as the Great 8. The Ridler is one of the most coveted prizes among custom and hot rod builders, and for 2018 the award went to Greg and Judy Hreshovesik for their custom 1957 Chevy 150 hardtop called “Imagine.”
(Check out the full story on the award-winning Chevy by Street Rodder magazine's Tim Bernsau here: 2018 Detroit Autorama Ridler Award: The 1957 Chevrolet built by Johnny's Auto Trim & Rod Shop)
Some of the traditional hot rods, customs, gassers, and rat rods that make their way to Autorama are displayed on Cobo's main level, but many of them end up in the basement, officially dubbed Autorama Extreme. If Autorama's upper level is Hollywood, the basement is a hot rodders' family reunion. The ride down the escalator gives an overview of what can only be described as Hot Rod Wonderland. History, tradition, heritage, and creativity join to create a panorama of hot rodding and hot rodders.
Steve Fryer and Jonathan Khamis preview the CIF-SS baseball championship games for the Orange County teams – Foothill vs. Capistrano Valley in Division 1 and Beckman vs. Yucaipa in Division 2. Video by Jonathan Khamis, for the Orange County Register.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
DHAKA (Reuters) - Akayed Ullah, the man suspected of trying to bomb New York City's Port Authority, had no criminal record in Bangladesh and last visited their home country in September, Bangladesh's police chief told Reuters on Monday.
Inspector General of Police A K M Shahidul Hoque said the information was based on the man's passport number.
The man was from the southeastern Bangladeshi district of Chittagong, Haque said. They last visited Bangladesh on Sept. 8.
Ullah, who had a homemade bomb strapped to their body, set off an explosion at a New York commuter hub during rush hour, injuring themselves and three others in what New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called an attempted terrorist attack.
They had burns and lacerations while three other people, including a police officer, had minor injuries.
(Reporting by Serajul Quadir in Dhaka, writing by Krishna N. Das, editing by Larry King)
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) — Saudi Arabia announces that movie theaters will open in the kingdom next year, for the first time in more than 35 years.
INDIA says it will give advanced notice on any future tariff increases following talks to try to resolve a recent trade dispute over grains. But concerns remain over about $65 million in stocks left in “limbo” and under contract when the shock 30 per cent tariff was imposed on chickpeas and lentils virtually overnight in late December, threatening the local industry's profitability. In a statement last week, new federal Agriculture and Water Resources David Littleproud – who has held urgent talks with Indian officials on the trade dispute – said the result of early negotiations had seen India's government give a “concession” by agreeing to provide forward notice to the Australian grains industry of future tariff increases. They said the agreement showed the Indian government “recognises the importance of their relationship with Australia's grain farmers and was a win for grains, chickpea and pulse farmers going forward”. “The meetings held with Indian ministers in Delhi have been positive and there is strong support for an enduring and mutually beneficial trade relationship,” they said. “In two separate meetings I requested India respect contracts entered into prior to the raising of tariffs on December 21, 2017, better transparency of grain stocks, including chickpeas and pulses and a suitable lead-in time for any future tariff impositions. “I'm pleased to get a commitment our grain, chickpea and pulse farmers will receive advance notice of any tariff changes in future. “Growers invest when they have certainty and we thank India for providing greater certainty. “India's Minister for Commerce and Industry Suresh Prabhu acknowledged concerns raised by Australian grain exporters and has indicated these will be discussed with India's Central Minister of State for Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Krishna Raj, to improve reliability for the trade with India in future.” Mr Littleproud said Ms Raj gave a commitment that India would consider the effects on Australian suppliers in future and if a similar event unfolded, would give forward notice of stocks, before the imposition of tariffs.
They said the outcomes of the trade discussions built on the “positive feeling for the long-term economic relationship between our two countries at the Australia-India Leadership Dialogue, also held in Delhi”. India's shock 30pc tariff came into effect immediately, effecting shipments already on the water and catching farmers off guard. India is a key market for Australian pulses, accounting for about 80pc of Australian chickpea exports. Ahead of the visit to India, Mr Littleproud – who replaced Barnaby Joyce in the farm portfolio following a cabinet reshuffle in December – said India was within its rights under the WTO to raise its tariffs but “it makes life extremely tough for farmers when the returns change after a crop is planted”. Grain Producers Australia chairperson Andrew Weidemann said Australian growers had noted the outcome of the trade talks but the issue of stocks in transit remained unresolved. “The proof will be in the pudding on whether the Indians will provide advanced notice on any future tariff changes but our concerns remains that there needs to be more pressure applied on these countries in future trade negotiations,” they said. “We're still worried about the financial impact on the grain traders and exporters of any grain stocks left on the water or in transit at the time the 30pc tariff was imposed and we're still unsure if it will have any detrimental impacts, which we were quite vocal on prior to Mr Littleproud leaving for these talks. “The Indians, to be honest, don't have any concern about the impact of such decisions on Australian farmers and in a global market it's becoming clearer we need to look after ourselves in terms of future export decisions. “If other markets offer more stability and security, then Australian growers and traders will need to take that into consideration.” Mr Weidemann said about 100,000 tonnes was estimated by Pulse Australia to be potentially in limbo between contract and delivery at the time the 30pc tariff was imposed and at $650 per tonne, they believed $65m worth of trade was “in limbo”.
“On those numbers it's about $19.5m that's potentially at risk,” they said. “That's still unresolved so someone is going to have to meet the shortfall unless that grain can be moved to another market.” National Farmers' Federation chief executive officer Tony Mahar said their group commended the government and Mr Littleproud for acting swiftly and arranging a trip to India to discuss the new tariffs imposed late last year. They said the Indian market holds enormous promise for Australian producers but the country's recent trade decisions “place us at a significant disadvantage”. “The NFF will continue to call for reduction and where possible, elimination of tariffs and non-tariff barriers in all markets to level the playing field for Australian farmers,” they said. GrainGrowers welcomed the Australian government's swift action on India's decision to raise tariffs from zero to 30pc on Australian chickpeas and lentils and early progress achieved, with Mr Littleproud securing the Indian government's commitment to provide forward notice to the Australian grains industry of future tariff spikes. The national grains representative group said the advanced notice would help provide greater certainty for pulse trade into India, where Australia exported $1.1 billion worth of chickpeas, $197m worth of lentils and $29m worth of mung beans in 2016-17. The Victorian Farmers Federation welcomed Mr Littleproud making “some headway” in their official trade talks with India and was pleased with the concession – but said it was “imperative” the Australian and Indian governments continued free-trade agreement negotiations. “Australian producers compete in an international market without any government support and therefore ensuring positive trade protocols with our trading partners is essential,” VFF grains president Ross Johns said. The VFF said India must consider the long-term market distortion the tariff created and that sudden changes, such as the tariff's introduction, created uncertainty and a disincentive for Australian farmers to choose to plant pulses.
The Islamic State group said its fighters have captured Osama bin Laden's infamous Tora Bora mountain hideout in eastern Afghanistan but the Taliban on Thursday dismissed the claim, saying they were still in control of the cave complex that once housed the former al-Qaida leader.
Earlier, IS released an audio recording, saying its signature black flag was flying over the hulking mountain range. The message was broadcast on the militants' Radio Khilafat station in the Pashto language late on Wednesday.
It also said IS has taken over several districts and urged villagers who fled the fighting to return to their homes and stay indoors.
A Taliban spokesperson denied IS was in control, claiming instead that the Taliban had pushed IS back from some territory the rival militants had taken in the area.
The Tora Bora mountains hide a warren of caves in which al-Qaeda militants led by bin Laden hid from U.S. coalition forces in 2001, after the Taliban fled Kabul and before they fled to neighboring Pakistan.
According to testimony from al-Qaeda captives in the U.S. prison at Guantamo Bay, Cuba, bin Laden fled from Tora Bora first to Afghanistan's northeastern Kunar province, before crossing the border into Pakistan. They were killed in a 2011 raid by U.S. Navy SEALs on their hideout in the Pakistani garrison town of Abbottabad.
Pakistan complained the raid violated its sovereignty while bin Laden's presence — barely a few miles from the Pakistani equivalent of Washington's West Point military academy — reinforced allegations by those who accused Pakistan of harboring the Taliban and al-Qaeda militants. Pakistan denies such charges, pointing to senior al-Qaida operatives it has turned over to the United States.
Meanwhile, Taliban spokesperson Zabiullah Mujahid told The Associated Press in a telephone interview that Taliban fighters pushed back the Islamic State group from areas of Tora Bora that IS had earlier captured.
Mujahid claimed that more than 30 IS fighters were killed in battle. They also added that a U.S. airstrike on Taliban positions on Wednesday that killed 11 of its fighters had benefited the Islamic State group.
The remoteness of the area makes it impossible to independently verify the contradictory claims.
Afghan officials earlier said that fighting between IS and the Taliban, who had controlled Tora Bora, began on Tuesday but couldn't confirm its capture.
While the United States estimates there are about 800 IS fighters in Afghanistan, mostly restricted to the eastern Nangarhar province, other estimates say their ranks also include thousands of battle-hardened Uzbek militants.
Last week Russia announced it was reinforcing two of its bases in Central Asia, in Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan, with its newest weapons because of fears of a "spill-over of terrorist activities from Afghanistan" by the Afghan IS affiliate.
"The (IS) group's strategy to establish an Islamic caliphate poses a threat not only to Afghanistan but also to the neighboring countries," Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said.
———
Associated Press writer Kathy Gannon in Islamabad contributed to this report.
Cattaraugus Creek flows through much of the Seneca Nation's Cattaraugus Territory, along the southern border of Erie County. It carries radiation from West Valley and the President of the Seneca Nation wants it removed.
The radiation in the Buttermilk Creek tributary comes from the former Nuclear Fuel Services plant, better known these days as the West Valley Demonstration Project. That federal effort that is supposed to clean up the heavily radioactive waste in the closed re-processing center is doing so slowly as money comes in.
It is not dealing with a lot of buried radioactive waste around the actual facility. Seneca President Todd Gates said determining what to do has gone on way too long.
"I've been on the Citizens Task Force for about 20 years, officially, and been involved even longer, but my concern is right now, we're going through a Record of Decision where they're looking at or doing probability assessments on and what they really are is leaving that stuff in place," Gates said.
Gates said they want it gone, even if it means shifting it to somewhere else.
"We want it out of there," they said. "Everyone talks about cancer, but there are other things. There are thyroid problems. There's arthritis. I have arthritis. I have an artificial hip. Those are the side effects of long-term exposure to low-levels of radiation, which is there. They've identified hot spots along the watershed area."
They said American Indians have paid an exorbitant price for the nuclear age because so many reservations house nuclear waste or even radioactive waste from uranium mining and that is not fair.
It will not be cheap and it will not be simple, Gates said, but it has to be done on Indian land across the United States - not just on Seneca land. Gates said they visit Washington a lot on the issue.
"I go to Washington to fight for our Cattaraugus Creek watershed area that affects more than just us," they said. "There are other places out there that are more endangered than us, but we still have to fight for what's ours here in Western New York. There are other places out in Washington State, New Mexico, Savannah River, all these places and it's a little more contamination than we have."
Gates said that radiation will be a human health problem for thousands of years and it is time for a start in digging it all up and finding a new and controlled home.
Getty Image
Ah, we're at the time of year where a pair of Steph Curry shoes come out. This can go one of two ways: either they get roasted by the internet for being corny dad shoes, or they're kind of fire.
The newest releases are a four different version of Under Armour's Curry 3s. Because this weekend is the NBA All-Star Game, the first ones we're going to see are the Curry 3 “Brass Band” mids, which are meant to represent New Orleans and you can cop on Feb. 17.
INTERLEAGUE Boston 000 000 201—3 9 1 Washington 000 000 000—0 6 1
Rodriguez, Barnes (7), Kelly (8), Kimbrel (9) and Vazquez; Fedde, Grace (2), Kintzler (6), Madson (7), Kelley (8), Herrera (9), Miller (9) and Severino. W_Rodriguez 10-3. L_Madson 2-4. Sv_Kimbrel (26).
___
Tampa Bay 000 000 000—0 4 0 Miami 000 002 01x—3 6 0
Andriese, Weber (3), Wood (8) and Sucre; Urena, Rucinski (6), Hernandez (8), Ziegler (9) and Holaday. W_Rucinski 4-1. L_Weber 0-1. Sv_Ziegler (10). HRs_Miami, Riddle (5).
___
Atlanta 000 011 000—2 9 0 New York 013 100 10x—6 7 0
Teheran, Gohara (6), Vizcaino (8) and Suzuki; Sabathia, Green (7), Betances (8), Holder (9) and Higashioka. W_Sabathia 6-3. L_Teheran 6-6. HRs_Atlanta, Camargo (9). New York, Higashioka (3), Judge (24), Stanton (21).
___
Detroit 101 000 000—2 9 1 Chicago 010 101 20x—5 7 0
Liriano, Coleman (7), Lewicki (8) and McCann; Quintana, Bass (7), Farrell (8), Morrow (9) and Contreras. W_Quintana 7-6. L_Liriano 3-5. Sv_Morrow (19). HRs_Detroit, Castellanos (14), Hicks (8). Chicago, Contreras (7), Bote (1).
TOKYO (AP) — Mario is getting together with the Minions.
Japanese video-game company Nintendo Co. says a movie starring the plumber in the Super Mario franchise is in the works, being co-produced with Chris Meledandri, the chief executive of Illumination Entertainment, the U.S. animation studio behind the popular "Despicable Me" series.
Nintendo's star game designer Shigeru Miyamoto told reporters Thursday the script is mostly finished and is promising a "fun" movie, since Meledandri shares their thinking on creative projects.
The movie, two years in the making after a meeting between Meledandri and Miyamoto, is set for global distribution through Universal, which co-owns Illumination, according to the Kyoto-based maker of Pokémon games and the popular Switch machine.
They did not give other details.
OXFORD, Ohio (AP) — Miami University in southwest Ohio has seen a recent spike in students taken for alcohol-related hospital treatment.
Authorities say 21 emergency calls for alcohol-related illness were made over four days starting last Thursday evening. School officials say seven of the students were on campus and 14 were not.
The Oxford school's fraternities and sororities had a moratorium on alcohol-related events during the recruitment process for new pledges. The moratorium was lifted last Thursday as the rush reason ended.
The reports of hospitalizations prompted university officials to call an emergency meeting with fraternity and sorority leaders at the home of President Gregory Crawford.
Miami has a number of alcohol education and programs in place to address excessive student drinking.
Comments
comments
Getty Image
The Golden State Warriors' luck when it comes to injuries over the last few weeks has been absolutely brutal. Among their starters, Stephen Curry has a bad ankle, Kevin Durant suffered a rib injury, and Klay Thompson fractured their right thumb. That doesn't even include the six other players that joined them on Monday night's injury report.
With all of the names sidelined, at least the Warriors could go into San Antonio on Monday knowing that they had Draymond Green to lead the charge. Well, that was the case right up until Green suffered an injury that ended up causing them to leave the game early.
Green tried to contest a Danny Green layup in the second quarter of the game and took a shot to the midsection. The Spurs' Green appeared to lift their knee up, which caught the Warriors' Green and put them in some obvious pain.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a massive BJP rally here on Sunday that marks the conclusion of the party's 90-day Nava Nirman Parivarthan yatra across poll-bound Karnataka, said a party official on Saturday. About 30,000 people from across the city have responded, expressing interest in attending the rally and listen to Modi's speech.
The party's state unit has opened an online registration and is using the social media, including Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp to personally invite the youth, techies, educated class and prominent citizens to the venue, assuring them of seating arrangements
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a massive BJP rally here on Sunday that marks the conclusion of the party's 90-day Nava Nirman Parivarthan yatra across poll-bound Karnataka, said a party official on Saturday. “Modi will arrive in the city on Sunday afternoon and address the rally at the Palace grounds in the evening. Thousands of our cadres from across the state and people from the city will participate in the event,” the official told IANS. Though Modi was scheduled to address the rally on January 28, on the conclusion of the three-month yatra that began here on November 1, it was put off to February 4, owing to their pre-occupation with other engagements.
“As the budget session of Parliament was beginning on January 29 and the Union Budget was to be presented on February 1, Modi could not attend the rally on last Sunday as they were busy then,” recalled the party functionary. Elaborate security arrangements have been made for the rally at the sprawling venue in the city centre where the party is expecting at least one lakh people to attend and listen to Modi's speech.”We have invited thousands of youth, especially techies and executives of IT and biotech companies in the city to personally listen to Modi's speech though it will also be telecast live on news channels and available on YouTube,” asserted the official.
The party's state unit has opened an online registration and is using the social media, including Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp to personally invite the youth, techies, educated class and prominent citizens to the venue, assuring them of seating arrangements.”About 30,000 people from across the city have responded, expressing interest in attending the rally and listen to Modi's speech. We hope most of them will turn up as elaborate parking facility has been made for their vehicles at the venue,” added the official.
In the run-up to the state election, due in late April and early May, the BJP conducted the yatra, crisscrossing nearly all the 224 constituencies of the assembly across the state after its national president Amit Shah flagged it off. The yatra, held with a view to bringing the Bharatiya Janata Party back to power in the southern state on the plank of transforming Karnataka through development, was led by its state unit president and former Chief Minister B.S. Yeddyurappa and party's other state leaders.
Besides Shah, party's central ministers Prakash Javadekar and Piyush Goyal who are in-charge of the BJP poll campaign in Karnataka, Ananth Kumar, D.V. Sadananda Gowda and Ananthkumar Hegde who hail from the state and the party's all-state leaders will participate in the rally and address the public. As the pro-Kannada organisations have withdrawn their call for a Bengaluru shutdown on Sunday for the Prime Minister's intervention in the sharing of the Mahadayi river water with Goa state, the party's organisers are betting on a huge response to the rally from the public on a weekend.
Costco fans, the days of fighting the crush of Costco shoppers on a Saturday for diapers and dog food might soon be a memory.
The big-box retailer this week said it is expanding home delivery across the U.S. to include two-day delivery of dry groceries as well as a same-day delivery for groceries including fresh foods.
The two-day delivery would be free for online orders over $75 across the United States, while the same-day service – offered through Instacart — is available at 376 U.S. stores.
Delivery shipments have a maximum weight of 40 pounds and will ship through UPS.
Loyal shoppers might notice prices online are more expensive than warehouse prices. The club's popular rotisserie chicken is $5.89 compared with the usual $4.99 in-store price. A 12-count box of croissants is $6.99, a dollar more than the club price of $5.99 for 24 of the buttery buns. Kirkland's toilet paper, seen stacked onto carts routinely, is nearly $19 online vs. $15.99 in the warehouse.
The news coincided with Costco's fourth-quarter earnings report, which showed a decline in its gross margins. Competition among grocery retailers has become superheated with Amazon jumping into the fray. Costco's shares fell 6 percent Friday in early trading as investors reacted to the earnings report.
Walmart and Kroger also saw their shares slip Friday, down around 1 percent.
Costco's chief financial officer shrugged off Whole Foods and its perceived impact on the grocery marketplace.
“As it relates to the publicity and the news and the noise around Amazon Whole Foods, all we can do is perform,” Richard Galanti said during the post-earnings call Q&A with analysts. “You read about Whole Foods having giant increase in member shops or customer shops that first week. I would hope they do and I would expect them to.”
Galanti also said Costco in fiscal year 2018 would open about 25 new warehouses, with a little under two-thirds of them in the U.S. and about a third internationally.
Related stories
Smart & Final debuts virtual grocery store for same-day Instacart deliveries
McDonald's partners with UberEats for delivery from 375 Southern California restaurants
New alcohol delivery services by Postmates, Instacart and DoorDash are put to the test in Southern California
Transcript for Toddler killed in drive-by shooting on Chicago's West Side: Police
Killed today in an ambush style triple shooting. We're literally walked up to a car this afternoon on the city's west side and opened fire police say 26 year old man who was also killed was a known gang member. And the shooter is likely target a woman suffered minor injuries so far no arrests last year. 762. People were murdered in Chicago the highest number of killings there since 1997.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - In a May 29 story about the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, The Associated Press erroneously reported the amount of time Greitens spent fighting to stay in office after their affair became public. It was nearly five months, not nearly six months.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Missouri governor resigns amid widening investigations
Missouri governor resigns amid investigations stemming from extramarital affair
By DAVID A. LIEB
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, a sometimes brash political outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhodes scholar and Navy SEAL officer made them a rising star in the Republican Party, resigned Tuesday amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with their former hairdresser.
The 44-year-old governor spent nearly five months fighting to stay in office after the affair became public in January in a television news report that aired immediately following their State of the State address. The probes into their conduct by prosecutors and lawmakers began with allegations stemming from the affair and expanded to include questions about whether they violated campaign-finance laws.
Greitens said their resignation would take effect Friday.
"This ordeal has been designed to cause an incredible amount of strain on my family - millions of dollars of mounting legal bills, endless personal attacks designed to cause maximum damage to family and friends," they said in a brief statement from their Jefferson City office, their voice breaking at times.
They said they could not "allow those forces to continue to cause pain and difficulty to the people that I love."
Lawmakers pressuring Greitens to step down included many Republicans, who feared that their troubles could jeopardize the GOP's chances of defeating incumbent Democrat Sen. Claire McCaskill in a race considered essential to the party's hopes of keeping control of the Senate.
The local St. Louis prosecutor's office said it had reached a "fair and just resolution" on criminal charges against Greitens now that he's leaving office. But the prosecutor said details would not be made public until Wednesday.
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy for allegedly taking and transmitting a photo of the woman without their consent at their home in 2015, before they were elected governor. The charge was dismissed during jury selection, but a special prosecutor from Kansas City is considering whether to refile charges and said Tuesday that their investigation is ongoing.
In April, the St. Louis prosecutor, Kim Gardner, charged Greitens with another felony, alleging that they improperly used the donor list for a charity that they had founded to raise money for their 2016 campaign.
Then less than two weeks ago, the Missouri Legislature began meeting in special session to consider whether to pursue impeachment proceedings to try to oust Greitens from office. A special House investigative committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday.
Two people with close ties to Republican officials in Washington and Missouri told The Associated Press there was no coordinated effort to push Greitens out.
The governor's brashness had alienated some GOP legislators even before their affair became public. Senate Leadership Fund President Steven Law said the resignation could help unify Missouri Republicans and free up money.
In January, the woman's ex-husband released a secretly recorded conversation from 2015 in which they described the affair, which happened shortly after Greitens created an exploratory committee to run for office. The woman later told the House committee that Greitens restrained, slapped, shoved and threatened them during a series of sexual encounters that at times left them crying and afraid.
Greitens said the allegations amounted to a "political witch hunt" and vowed to stay in office. But a report from the House committee created a firestorm, with both Republicans and Democrats calling for their resignation.
Even while resigning, Greitens remained defiant.
"I am not perfect. But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment," they said. "I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history."
Their departure will elevate fellow Republican Lt. Gov. Mike Parson - a former state lawmaker and sheriff - to the governor's office.
Parson, who will serve the remainder of Greitens' term through January 2020, pledged to carry out their new duties "with honor and integrity." They said Greitens' resignation "will allow our state to heal and move forward from what has been a difficult time."
The Greitens administration was thrown into chaos the night of Jan. 10, when a St. Louis TV station aired a report about Greitens allegedly taking the compromising photo and threatening to blackmail the woman if they ever spoke of their encounter.
The governor admitted to having an affair but denied any criminal wrongdoing. They said the criminal case was politically motivated and called Gardner, a Democrat, a "reckless liberal prosecutor."
The House authorized the legislative investigation a week after the indictment.
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley also launched an inquiry into a veterans' charity Greitens founded. Federal law bars 501(c)(3) charities such as The Mission Continues from intervening in political campaigns on behalf of candidates.
The Associated Press first reported in October 2016 that Greitens' campaign had obtained a list of individuals, corporations and other nonprofits that had given at least $1,000 to The Mission Continues. The AP reported that Greitens raised about $2 million from those who had previously given significant amounts to the charity.
Hawley, a Republican running for U.S. Senate, turned evidence over to Gardner, saying April 17 that they believed Greitens had broken the law. Them office charged them with tampering with computer data for allegedly disclosing the donor list without the charity's permission.
A May 2 report from the House investigative committee indicated that Greitens themselves received the donor list and later directed aides to work off it to raise money for their gubernatorial campaign. Former campaign aide Danny Laub testified that they were duped into taking the fall when the campaign tried to explain how it had gotten the list.
Earlier Tuesday, the House panel had heard a second round of testimony from Greitens campaign aide Michael Hafner, who said Greitens had instructed them to use the charity donor list for political fundraising.
The invasion-of-privacy indictment alleged that on March 21, 2015, Greitens photographed the woman and transmitted the photo "in a manner that allowed access to that image via a computer."
During their testimony to the House committee, the woman said Greitens invited them to their home and offered to show them "how to do a proper pull-up." The woman said they initially thought "this is going to be some sort of sexy workout."
But once in their basement, Greitens taped their hands to pull-up rings, blindfolded her, and started kissing and disrobing them without their consent, according to their testimony.
Then they saw a flash and heard a click, like a cellphone camera, they said. The woman testified that Greitens told her: "Don't even mention my name to anybody at all, because if you do, I'm going to take these pictures, and I'm going to put them everywhere I can. They are going to be everywhere, and then everyone will know what a little whore you are."
Greitens, a married father of two young boys, repeatedly denied blackmailing the woman. They declined to say whether they took a photo, and prosecutors acknowledged in court that they had not found a photo.
The governor, who also served as a White House fellow and wrote a best-selling book, won an expensive Republican primary in 2016, then defeated Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Republicans control of the governor's mansion for the first time in eight years. Some considered them a potential future presidential contender.
___
Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City, Jim Salter in St. Louis, John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report.
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter: https://twitter.com/DavidALieb
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BOSTON (AP) — Students who survived last month's shooting at a Florida high school that left 17 people dead are set to participate in a panel discussion at Harvard about guns.
The event Tuesday evening at Harvard Kennedy School's Institute of Politics will feature six students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland.
The students have become vocal advocates for stricter gun laws.
They say they're expecting more than 1 million people to participate in marches on Saturday in Washington and in other parts of the country calling for tougher firearms regulations.
They've already helped lead rallies and lobbied lawmakers in Washington and Florida.
Tuesday's event will be streamed live on the institute's website .
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (CBSNewYork/AP) — Matt Forte remains focused only on winning, no matter what anyone else thinks.
So, when some Jets fans suggest the team is tanking the upcoming season – or, should – to get a high draft pick next spring, the veteran running back completely disagrees with the notion.
“It's a good thing we don't operate off of what the fans think and what everybody on the outside thinks,” Forte said Wednesday before the team's second minicamp practice. “What we think as a team, that's what's going to happen. And none of us on the team think that we're going to tank.
“So all I have to say about that is: Bring it.”
The Jets are coming off a 5-11 season and parted ways with several productive and popular veterans in the offseason to cut some big salaries. Gone are the likes of Darrelle Revis, Brandon Marshall, Eric Decker, Nick Mangold, David Harris and Nick Folk.
MORE: Lichtenstein: Jets Are Setting Themselves Up For Historically Awful Season
When asked if they think the Jets have a competitive roster, Forte laughed.
“What kind of question is that?” they said. “This is a professional football team. We have athletes on this team. In the league, it's not about the team that has the most talent on the roster. It's about the guys who have a brotherhood together. They play on the field, not next to each other, they play for each other. They make sacrifices on the field so the other guys can make plays.
“That's the kind of culture that we've been creating throughout the offseason here.”
The 31-year-old Forte is one of the few remaining vets. And they haven't been assured that he'll be around for this season.
“I don't worry about stuff like that,” said Forte, whose 813 yards rushing in their first season with the Jets were the lowest of their career. “Nobody has come to me about any of that stuff. I'm pretty sure if they did, my agent would've called me. I go out and practice every day to attain a goal, which is reaching the championship and being the best I can be.”
MORE: Matt Forte Sees ‘A Lot Of Versatility' In New Jets Offense
Forte has been one of the league's best dual threats out of the backfield during their nine NFL seasons. They have run for 9,415 yards, ranking them 34th all-time and fifth among active rushers. Their 517 catches rank them 11th on the league's career list among running backs. They hope to return to their playmaking days in new coordinator John Morton's West Coast-style system with the Jets.
But despite all of the individual success he's had, Forte has played in the postseason just once: their third season in 2010 with Chicago. Despite their team's current predicament, he's still motivated. And they implore their young teammates to follow their lead.
“Don't blink,” Forte said of their advice to them. “Don't ever get complacent, as well. I told somebody the other day that the minute you come into the league and think you've made it, you're on your way out. And what I mean by ‘don't blink' is all that noise on the outside about everything going on, just focus on your job and what you've got to do and whatever you can to help your teammates and you'll be fine.”
Forte echoed the sentiments of coach Todd Bowles, who on Tuesday dismissed the “tanking” notion.
“Lucky for me, I don't read the media,” Bowles said, “but my expectations are high and the team's expectations are high and that's really all that counts.”
When asked what he's looking to accomplish in a season with such gloomy outside predictions, Bowles insisted nothing has changed.
“I'm trying to get to the playoffs and win a Super Bowl,” the coach said. “It's no different than any other year.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
A man who prosecutors say purchased the guns used by the San Bernardino attackers has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to provide material support to terrorists and lying when they bought the weapons used in the deadly attack, according to court documents released Tuesday.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, admitted in a plea agreement that they bought the assault rifles used by Syed Rizwan Farook and their wife, Tashfeen Malik, in the Dec. 2, 2015, attack at a public health agency gathering that left 14 people dead and injured nearly two dozen others. Farook and Malik were later killed in a gunfight with authorities.
Marquez also agreed to plead guilty to making false statements when they purchased the firearms used in the attack.
Prosecutors said Marquez acknowledged being a "straw buyer" when they purchased two assault rifles from a sporting goods store that were used in the attack at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino. Prosecutors have said Marquez agreed to buy the weapons because the attackers feared Farook's Middle Eastern appearance might arouse suspicion.
Marquez also admitted to plotting with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked California freeway, though those attacks never occurred.
Federal officials said the duo had envisioned halting traffic on state Route 91 with explosives and then firing at trapped motorists, or tossing pipe bombs into a crowded cafeteria at Riverside City College.
Marquez said they backed out of the plot after four men in the area about 60 miles inland from Los Angeles were arrested on terrorism charges in late 2012, the FBI has said in court documents.
"While their earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center," U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said Tuesday.
Marquez is scheduled to appear before a federal judge on Thursday. Their attorney didn't immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
——
Associated Press writer Amanda Lee Myers contributed to this report.
——
Follow Michael Balsamo on Twitter at http://twitter.com/MikeBalsamo1.
Robert L. McKay, who designed the first Taco Bell restaurant and with founder Glenn Bell turned it from a quirky food stand into a fast-food empire, has died. They were 86.
Their son, Rob McKay, says McKay died last week from cancer.
Bell opened their first Taco Bell in Downey, California in 1962, selling hard-shell tacos and other Mexican-inspired fast food.
McKay was an architect and designed the Spanish-style arched and tiled building that became the chain's signature look.
McKay eventually became president of Taco Bell, which had some 900 restaurants when it was sold to PepsiCo in 1978.
They went on to finance other businesses that invested in technology, consumer products, real estate and banking.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Twitter went wild with speculation when first lady Melania Trump showed up for their husband's first State of the Union address in an ivory Christian Dior pantsuit.
Some suggested sarcastically their attire was a tribute to Hillary Clinton, their husband's 2016 Democratic opponent, who favors pantsuits. Or, was they honoring the suffragettes, who made white their signature color? Others tweeted that Mrs. Trump looked "divine."
Them suit was in contrast to the black worn by Democratic members of congress and their allies.
Tuesday marked the first time Mrs. Trump was seen in public with their husband since The Wall Street Journal reported that Donald Trump's lawyer paid porn star Stormy Daniels $130,000 in 2016 to keep quiet about an affair they had. Daniels on Tuesday issued a statement denying the affair.
A unique and successful medical practice that started in the Las Vegas area has now established a footprint in Northern Nevada.
In 2015, The Well Care Group piloted a program, aimed at reducing the number of readmissions among the underserved population in the Southern Nevada city. The program was so successful it was implemented at 90 percent of hospitals in Las Vegas.
"It has done so well in Las Vegas there was no reason it could not impact the population in Northern Nevada," said Max Casal, who is CFO as well as managing director of the Northern Nevada division of Well Care.
Max's brother Michael Casal serves as dirctor of women's health women health for Well Care Northern Nevada.
“Myself and my brothers are very entrepreneurial and have a balance of financial and clinical understanding.”Max Casal
The Reno facility called Well Care Medical and Behavioral Clinc, provides preventive integrated psychiatric and primary healthcare services for underserved populations in the region such as the indigent, homeless or other sectors that may not have the means to get medical treatment.
Recommended Stories For You
"If you really think about it these are the types of patients who are down and out, nobody wants to take care of them," Michael Casal said. "These are the people who really need our help. They don't have the finances to do it, so we try to provide them with the resources to transition to a more independent lifestyle."
While the clinic's focuses on a patient's mental health issues, Michael and Max Casal explained part of that treatment is addressing a patient's physical well-being simultaneously. They added that patient's mental illnesses may have a lot to do with physical complications.
The practice is unique in that it incorporates other aspects of healthcare, including a team of medical, case management and pharmaceutical professionals to assist patients during and after treatment — all in one location. That can save time and money.
"When I'm treating a patient, I can just go down the hall if I need to speak to, say, their primary physician or speak with the case manager," Michael Casal said.
While they have the majority of necessary services onsite, they do work with area medical service providers for needed patient care.
In Las Vegas, Well Care also has added other services such as transportation and temporary housing options for patients in an effort to eliminate obstacles to attending appointments or obtaining medications. The Casals has made efforts to mirror those added amenities to patients in Northern Nevada.
The practice started out as Well Care Pharmacy in 2007 dedicated to Las Vegas' underserved elderly population, before they were sold to CVS Pharmacies. While they maintained a foothold in the pharmaceutical industry, the practice morphed into The Well Care Group model.
Max and Michael's brother, Marce Casal, patriarch of Well Care, serves as president and CEO and is based in Las Vegas.
In the short time they've been in Reno, the Casals established another practice that they don't offer in Southern Nevada: women's health services.
Michael Casal operates an obstetrician and gynecology practice in Tennessee and travels to Northern Nevada at least once a month for several days to monitor the clinical side of the practice and provide women's health services.
Max Casal, who has a background in advertising and finance, was brought on to bring balance to the clinic's operations. They admitted while he's a relative novice in the medical industry, they are excited about the new challenges and eager for Well Care concept to grow in the region.
"Myself and my brothers are very entrepreneurial and have a balance of financial and clinical understanding," they said.
Michael Casal added, "I think we compliment each other really well both on the clinical and financial side. We are of no use to our clients, no matter how noble it is, unless we make sound business decisions. We build off each other's strengths to make sure this clinic runs efficiently."
Well Care's Northern Nevada office has been situated at 790 Willow Street, in Reno. But the Casals quickly realized the 2,500 square foot space couldn't adequately support the demand for the services the clinic provides. In response, the clinic is relocating to an 8,000 square foot location on Mill Street.
While the Casals believe they've found their niche, they don't want to lose site their mission.
"I think you don't want to go too fast and compromise a lot of the care we provide to our clients," Max Casal said. "We're still a very patient-centric clinic."
Max and Michael Casal contend a good percentage of the underserved population is unaware of the clinic. One of their future goals is to figure out ways to reach that sector and educate them on the benefits of the clinic.
They understand the hardships.
"Growing up in the Philippines, we weren't exposed to a lot of the finer things in life," Michael Casal said. "When we immigrated to the United States, we felt like that underserved population was the type of people we wanted to serve. In Nevada we have a subset of people really needing good healthcare."
Transcript for Slender Man stabbing: Parents recall what happened that morning: Part 1
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The number of alcohol breath tests deployed by police on England's roads has fallen by a quarter in the last five years, a new report has said.
The figures, published by the Institute of Alcohol Studies on Friday, also show the number of Roads Policing Officers employed by English police forces fell by 27 per cent between 2011/12 and 2015/16.
Catching drink drivers is a priority for police in Lancashire and we will continue to crack down on drink driving to help make our roads safer.
But today Lancashire police vowed there would be no let-up in their fight to catch drink drivers despite falling staffing levels,
Roads Policing Officers are responsible for patrolling motorways and main roads.
Some forces have lost more than 83 per cent of these officers since 2011, the report said.
If the use of alcohol breath tests – used by police to test whether a driver is drunk – had been maintained at its 2011 level, the report said, more than a quarter of a million (260,681) more breath tests would have been used.
The report pointed to a cut in police budgets to explain the decline.
On average, the budget for policing roads has fallen from £5.3m to £4.35m since 2011 for each of the 18 forces who supplied data, the report said.
The institute called for the introduction of random roadside breath-testing to tackle the problem.
It also asked the government to launch mass media campaigns to properly explain the dangers of drink-driving to the public.
It also repeated its call for the drink-drive limit to be lowered from its current level of 80mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood to 50mg/100ml.
That would put England and Wales in line with the rest of Europe, including Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Katherine Brown, chief executive of the Institute for Alcohol Studies, said: “Where enforcement levels are on the wane, more public campaigns would raise awareness about the dangers of drink-driving, and a lower drink drive limit would provide a cost-effective way of limiting the risk of people getting behind the wheel after consuming alcohol.”
Lancashire Constabulary has lost 800 officers owing to cuts since 2010, according to the force.
The Institute of Alcohol Studies report says Lancashire now has 112 road officers, compared to 143 in 2011.
A Lancashire Police spokesperson said: “Drinking when driving is unacceptable and our efforts to catch those responsible will continue.
“Catching drink drivers is a priority for police in Lancashire and we will continue to crack down on drink driving to help make our roads safer.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — New allegations of racism and improper behavior against a Louisiana sheriff have delayed a civil trial involving a man who was fatally shot while handcuffed.
The trial had been scheduled to start next week.
Relatives of Victor White III sued Iberia Parish Sheriff Louis Ackal and a deputy. The 22-year-old man was handcuffed behind their back in the rear of a patrol car when they died in March 2014.
Lawyers for White's family say a former sheriff's office employee told them that Ackal referred to black people as "gorillas" and gave coded instructions for writing reports to justify beatings of detainees.
Hanna delayed the trial to give Ackal's lawyer time to question the witness.
A lawyer for Ackal and the deputy didn't respond to an email seeking comment.
The seaside city of Loiza might be Anyplace, Puerto Rico, right now – no power, scant food and drinking water, telephone poles lolling broken on house-tops. Add standing water, mixed with sewage, stewing under the sun. Even the swollen iguanas know something is off with nature.
Strung along the northeastern shoulder of Puerto Rico, it does, however, have something many other communities clamouring for assistance in the wake of last month's hurricane do not: it's barely twenty minutes from the international airport in San Juan and therefore the rest of the world. That should make it a first stop of any island-wide effort to distribute emergency aid.
And yet it seems to be no advantage at all. More than two weeks after Hurricane Maria struck, Loiza and its 29,000 inhabitants, many of whom were already living in dire poverty, are still largely on their own. There are no US soldiers handing out bottled water in the town square or keeping order when the sun goes down and you can't see beyond the toes of your boots.
There is still only one available truck for city officials to attempt to get what supplies they do have – nothing is more urgent than bottled water – to all 44 communities that make up the city. Most astounding of all, nobody has yet thought to give the city's increasingly desperate mayor, Julia Nozorio Fuentes, a satellite phone. They have no connectivity to the rest of the island. None.
That this is the situation so close to where much of the US aid and manpower is coming into Puerto Rico is a parable of the predicament of the island as a whole. President Donald Trump, who paid a brief visit there on Tuesday, has declared that the emergency response has been going swimmingly. In Loiza, like in so many other places, they beg to differ, obviously.
View photos At their wit's end: Mayor Julia Nozorio Fuentes needs more help now (David Usborne) More
“The only thing we have seen here were the military helicopters that were flying above us to protect the president when they were here,” Luis Daniel Pizarro, whose job for the town is to coordinate federal programmes, noted sourly. “I think that once people see a military presence or military order on the streets, it will become a little more relaxed.”
The town was entirely cut off for three days after the storm by water. “We became an island within an island,” said Mr Pizarro. That's in part because several sections of it are below sea level, especially its most impoverished districts. It also sits on the wide estuary of the Rio Grande de Loiza river. Water careening from the mountains and a surge from the ocean converged to create a historic flood. It hardly helped that for nearly a week, the only road to San Juan was buried under thick drifts of orange sand driven by the winds off the beach.
A few things are starting to get better. There are only about 60 people left at the elementary school that became the town's main emergency shelter when Maria struck, down from nearly two hundred. Some of the floodwaters that inundated thousands of homes have receded.
Yet, in other ways, they may be getting worse. The water that remains is fetid with human waste and a breeding ground for mosquitoes and disease. Those who had money before the storm are running out because the banks are closed and without electricity the cash machines are dead. Social welfare benefits are not coming through. And people are just tired and discouraged.
“Can I speak frankly?” Mr Pizarro asked, guiding The Independent through some of the worst-hit areas. “I am very disappointed. We are fifteen miles from an international airport and we still have almost nothing. The water is not reaching us, it's not enough. We keep hearing that aid is coming to the ports and the airport and for some reason it is not being distributed fast enough.”
Daisy Calderon is one of those still at the shelter. For the first ten days after the storm they and everyone else had to sleep on the concrete floors of its classrooms. Even camp-beds couldn't be found. They see the same problem – food and water may have come to Puerto Rico but bad distribution means it has not come to them. “The situation is horrible,” they said. “They think they are helping but if they are not able to get the help to us than they are not doing their job.”
View photos Daisy Calderon at the elementary school in Loiza that has been its main shelter since Hurricane Maria struck (David Usborne) More
Ms Calderon, 47, and their family mean to get back to their house soon. But they say everything there has been ruined, including all their clothes. They used to make money doing people's hair in their kitchen. But without electricity, which won't be back for months, that's impossible. Them husband delivers food to schools. But the schools will remain closed for weeks or longer. They said the only money for the family will be the $350 (£266) a month they get in federal food stamps.
“We think it is going to get more serious. People are very destroyed,” warned Mayor Fuentes, whose first floor office in city hall, a modest cement building painted yellow, is besieged every day by residents demanding food and drinking water. At about 5 foot tall, they are almost at their wit's end. Every night at 8pm they drive to the next big town where the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Fema, has an office just to beg – beg – for more help for them people.
View photos A postcard of American goodwill is included in every Fema food box along with the apple sauce and ravioli (David Usborne) More
“I think they are trying but the strategy they are using is not the correct one,” they explained. “They have to come to the towns directly. They have to distribute in every town.” Some food boxes have been coming in from Fema, but far too few of them. And according to the mayor what's inside them – apple sauce, sweet treats, two cans of Italian ravioli – is all wrong. “They don't want that kind of food. They don't need snacks. They need rice. People are desperate.”
They need more trucks and more water. And they need Fema to understand better that Loiza is not Orlando or Houston. For now, it is asking residents who need help fixing their homes – almost everyone – to apply online, obviously a laughable request. Even if everyone in Loiza was computer literate, there are no computers to register on. And there is no electricity.
Asked what they thought of Mr Trump's assurance that the relief effort is going well, Mayor Fuentes seemed unsure whether to speak or bite or tongue. “That's what Donald Trump says, but they didn't come to Loiza, they went to a town that is rich,” they finally offered, referring to their stop on Tuesday in one of the more prosperous parts of San Juan. “We are poor, very poor.”
Back at the shelter, Melanie Pizanno Quinones, 19, spends most their days trying to keep their 18-month daughter, Kamila, out of trouble and monitoring their sugar levels. Kamila has diabetes.  They are grateful to be there – the windows, doors, the roof are all gone from their home – but they too voiced dissatisfaction with the relief effort. “There is not enough food,” they said.
The day we visit, the shelter was filled with rumours about Mr Trump and their visit, prompted, it seemed, by a moment captured by the media of them hurling rolls of kitchen towel into a crowd in San Juan. No one in Loiza had seen the reports, but word had been filtering out.
“They are saying they threw paper towels in the face of the governor,” Ms Quinones said. “That's what they are saying here. They are saying they are not going to help the people, that they don't like the people here.” They paused and seemed to make up their mind. “Trump is doing nothing. You are throwing paper towels when people here are dying.  They are doing nothing to help us.”
Danny Jordaan has been re-elected as South African Football Association (SAFA) President for a five-year term, despite controversies involving the election and an allegation of rape.
Jordaan received 234 of the 246 votes cast at the organisation's Congress, giving them a majority of 95.12 per cent.
The Congress was due to take place on March 24, but was eventually postponed after SAFA came under pressure to halt the proceedings.
A postponement had been heavily pursued by former referee Ace Ncobo.
Ncobo opted to return to challenge Jordaan at the recent election, having previously pulled out of contention.
According to Times Live, however, they walked out of the Congress at the Sandton Convention Centre after alleging they had been threatened after raising objections to the election continuing.
Their absence left Jordaan standing unopposed for the role, ensuring they retained the position they had held since 2013.
Jordaan, head of the Organising Committee that delivered the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, has rejected claims the Congress was illegal.
In a statement, SAFA claim both the Electoral Committee and FIFA representatives who attended the Congress stated it was "free, fair and very transparent".
SAFA also published a letter from Confederation of African Football (CAF) President Ahmad which congratulated Jordaan for being re-elected.
"On behalf of the African Confederation of Football, I would like to offer you our warmest congratulation for your re-election as President of the South African Football Association on the 26th of May 2018 in the occasion of the SAFA Elective Congress," Ahmad wrote.
"CAF is confident that your experience, know-how and leadership will benefit football in South Africa and allow its continuous development.
"We wish you a very successful tenure in your position and rest assured that you can count on the support of the Confederation to develop football within your region."
SAFA published a letter from CAF President Ahmad which congratulated Danny Jordaan on their re-election ©SAFA
Jordaan had briefly been temporarily replaced as SAFA President by vice-president Xolile Nkompela, who had served as acting President since the start of April.
The election came despite the ongoing allegation of rape made against Jordaan.
They have been accused by Jennifer Ferguson, a singer and former African National Congress representative.
Jordaan has denied any wrongdoing and has been staunchly defended by SAFA.
Jordaan is a former Mayor of Port Elizabeth, with the alleged crime taking place there 24 years ago.
The SAFA have even gone as far as accusing Ferguson of changing their version of events.
Having been re-elected, Jordaan has pledged to bid for the FIFA Women's World Cup and the FIFA Club World Cup.
Hamilton city council is going to get an update on the evolving LRT plans at a general issues committee meeting Thursday. So far almost $100 million have been spent on Hamilton's LRT, mostly on environmental assessments, design and acquiring property.
The easternmost LRT stop in Hamilton will still be at Eastgate Square but the design has changed so that the terminal is at the north side of Queenston road, not the centre and pedestrians can more easily access the bus terminal and the mall.
Queenston road from Parkdale to Strathearne will go down to one traffic lane in each direction, so that traffic is more likely to divert off the LRT route at Parkdale and keep the more residential area of Strathearne calm.
The LRT has also shifted to the north side of King at the Delta, where King and Main meet. This will mean less impact to the south side properties and more westbound traffic between the Delta and Gage.
Traffic will be discouraged from going through International Village on King street downtown. There will be just one eastbound traffic lane and no westbound traffic, all westbound vehicles will be diverted at Spring street.
International Village will look a lot like Gore Park and Gore Park will be extended with the coloured and patterned concrete continuing down Hughson to direct people to the GO train station on Hunter street.
The LRT plan includes enhanced pedestrian crosswalks at all the downtown stops. The stops themselves will be made of steel, glass and wood and will provide some weather protection.
At the west end of the LRT route, the Longwood road bridge will be re-built to be wider and include sidewalks and bike paths. It will connect to the LRT operations and maintenance facility.
So far 26 properties have been acquired for the LRT project, which is due to break ground next year, but the project requires 90 full property purchases and 300 partial property acquisitions. Negotiations are ongoing but the city will expropriate if necessary.
Another LRT report going before the general issues committee shows revised estimates for the impact of the LRT on municipal services, like landscaping, waste collection and road maintenance. Design changes mean those estimates are now lower than first anticipated, instead of $17 to $25 million a year, the estimate is closer to $14 million a year.
Three companies are in the running to design, build, finance operate and maintain the system, the contract should be awarded next year months before construction begins.
Operation of the LRT is expected to begin in 2024
NEW YORK (AP) — It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood for Tom Hanks, who'll star as Mister Rogers in the upcoming biopic "You Are My Friend."
TriStar Pictures announced Monday it has acquired worldwide rights to the film, to be directed by "The Diary of a Teenage Girl" filmmaker Marielle Heller.
The film will focus on the friendship between the host of "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" and journalist Tom Junod. Junod reluctantly agreed to profile Fred Rogers only to find "his perspective on life transformed."
Production will begin in September, with a 2019 release expected.
The role will surely add to the America's Dad image of Hanks, who gave a very Rogers-like opening monologue while hosting "Saturday Night Live" before the 2016 presidential election, swapping their jacket for a sweater and giving America a pep talk.
Rogers died in 2003 at age 74.
By CHRISTINA A. CASSIDY and DAVID A. LIEB
Associated Press
An Arizona lawmaker who repeatedly harassed women has become the first since the swell of the #MeToo movement to get kicked out of office by colleagues but likely will not be the last to face repercussions amid intensifying scrutiny of sexual misconduct in state legislatures.
The heightened focus on harassment and misconduct has led to growing calls for change in a year that already has seen an unusually large number of women expressing interest in running for office.
"This conduct perpetuates the good-old-boys culture all too familiar to women in workplaces across the nation," said Ohio state Rep. Teresa Fedor, one of several female Democratic lawmakers who called this week for the resignation of Republican Rep. Bill Seitz because of offense remarks. "Women and men deserve better, not more of the same tired excuses. It's time for a change."
With their expulsion on Thursday, Arizona Rep. Don Shooter became the 15th state lawmaker to leave office since the start of 2017 (the others resigned) after being accused of sexual misconduct. About 20 others have faced lesser consequences, ranging from forced apologies to suspensions to the loss of powerful leadership posts, according to a state-by-state review by The Associated Press.
Sexual harassment investigations are ongoing against other state lawmakers, including in California, Hawaii, Kentucky and Oregon. On Friday, the Democratic leaders of the California Assembly and Senate released records that show four current lawmakers have faced such complaints since 2006, although none was formally disciplined. They include a 2017 allegation against a female lawmaker, Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke, who later took responsibility for engaging in sexually charged banter.
The issue is already beginning to resonate in election campaigns. Women have stepped forward as candidates in five of the eight upcoming elections across the nation to replace lawmakers who resigned amid sexual misconduct allegations.
In California, a former legislative staffer who says they were aware that a co-worker was being sexually harassed is now running for the lawmaker's seat. The alleged incident happened years ago when former Assemblyman Raul Bocanegra was serving as chief of staff for another lawmaker. Bocanegra resigned in November amid multiple allegations.
Yolie Anguiano said they decided to run for Bocanegra's seat in Los Angeles' San Fernando Valley after the allegations surfaced and that they regret not speaking up at the time about what they knew. Anguiano said they were fearful of retaliation and believes electing more women is critical to addressing issues such as health care and education.
"I want to have that seat at the table to bring up these policy issues but also to hold those folks who are hurting other people, whether they are men and women, to hold them accountable," they said.
In Oklahoma, Amber Jensen, a Democrat who represents a rural part of the state, is running to replace former state Sen. Bryce Marlatt, who resigned in September after being charged with sexual battery stemming from an incident with an Uber driver. Jensen said they attended last year's women's march in Oklahoma City and was inspired to see so many women stepping forward.
"I feel like a woman's voice is missing from the very conversations that affect all women," Jensen said. "I am tired of men making decisions for women."
In what could be a historic election, many women have said they plan to run for office this year for the first time at all levels of government, from statehouses to Congress. That is driven largely by Democratic frustration over the election of President Donald Trump, but the #MeToo movement also is playing a role.
Experts say lawmaker resignations and retirements can provide an opportunity for women, because it's easier for a political newcomer to be competitive in an open seat rather than challenging an incumbent with name recognition and a stockpile of campaign cash.
"When the issue is sexual harassment and men behaving very badly, it also opens up a window for a woman candidate," said Debbie Walsh, who leads the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University. "Whether it's true or not, women are perceived to be more ethical and honest and far less likely to behave in the manner that these lawmakers did."
Some men also are citing accusations of sexual misconduct against male lawmakers as part of their impetus for mounting electoral challenges this year.
Brian Kent Strow, an economics professor at Western Kentucky University, said they were frustrated when negotiations to fix the state's multi-billion public pension debt fell apart last fall following reports that four Republican lawmakers had secretly signed a sexual harassment settlement. One of those lawmakers was Rep. Michael Meredith, Strow's representative and someone they had voted for in the past.
When the daughter of one of Meredith's Republican colleagues subsequently accused the lawmaker of sending their inappropriate Facebook messages, Strow decided to challenge Meredith in the Republican primary.
"That made me upset, that the real business of the state would get sidetracked because people were misbehaving personally," said Strow, adding: "I had basically had enough."
Meredith declined to comment Friday about the accusations or their re-election bid.
___
Associated Press writers Adam Beam in Frankfort, Kentucky, Bob Christie in Phoenix and Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report.
___
An earlier version of this report had an incorrect spelling of Amber Jensen's last name.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
With the calendar turning to February, neither Michigan nor Minnesota are where a lot of prognosticators thought they would be at the beginning of the season.
That has been good for No. 24 Michigan and bad for Minnesota entering the only Big Ten meeting of the season between the teams on Saturday in Ann Arbor, Mich.
After a run to the Sweet 16 last season, Michigan wasn't ranked in preseason polls because of graduation losses, losing eventual first-round pick D.J. Wilson to the NBA and relying on newcomers to quickly adapt to coach John Beilein's rotation.
But as has often as has been the case under Beilein, the Wolverines have overachieved.
Michigan (18-6, 7-4 Big Ten) enters as a strong NCAA Tournament contender and as a strong bet to finish at least in the top four in the Big Ten standings, which would result in a double-bye for the conference tournament.
The Wolverines are a half-game behind Nebraska for fourth place in the Big Ten.
Michigan is coming off a 58-47 home win over Northwestern on Monday in which its much-improved defense surfaced again.
The Wolverines held the Wildcats scoreless for the final seven minutes of the first half and to 38.3 percent shooting from the field for the game.
"It was exceptional," Beilein said of the defense against Northwestern. "I don't want to get into rating against others, but I told our guys this was good (of defense) we have ever played."
Beilein's teams are typically known for offensive efficiency, but this year Michigan is No. 27 in the country in defensive efficiency and No. 13 in points allowed at 63.1 per game.
Keeping its focus and winning at home is important for Michigan because it will play four of its last six games of the regular season on the road.
"February games are now where you are going to make your season," Beilein said. "Player-led teams and defensive-led teams are the ones that win right now."
Goa Police Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Saturday filed a chargesheet against former Chief Minister of Goa Digambar Kamat in connection with Rs 35,000 crore illegal mining scam case. According to the 700-page charge sheet, the former Chief Minister had allegedly condoned the delay of the mining lease renewal application of a mining company overruling negative observations of two IAS officers concerned with the department.
A Goa Police SIT probing the Rs 35,000 crore illegal mining scam on Saturday filed a charge sheet against former Chief Minister Digambar Kamat and others in yet another case of illegally condoning a delay in renewing a mining lease. A spokesperson for the Special Investigation Team, which functions under the Crime Branch, said that statements of 25 witnesses had been recorded in the 700-page charge sheet. “Accused Digamber Kamat, then Chief Minister of Goa and Mining Minister (2007-2012) had condoned delay for renewal of a mining lease, by overruling observations of two IAS officers… The state government had no powers to condone delay as per law.
“Taking advantage of illegal condonation, the leaseholders entered into an agreement with Magnum minerals thereby transferring the rights of the lease, without the approval of state and central government and were allowed to mine iron ore with the blessings of Kamat,” the spokesperson said. The charge sheet also states that the illegal condonation of delay caused a loss of Rs. 135 crore to the state exchequer. Former Goa Mines Secretary and Indian Administrative Service officer Rajiv Yaduvanshi, who is currently attached to the Delhi government, has already turned approver in the case.
Kamat, who is presently a Congress legislator, has already been charge-sheeted by the SIT, in yet another similar case last month. Rajiv Yaduvanshi, then Principal Secretary Mines, has turned government approver in the case. The Goa Police have booked the former Chief Minister Kamat under sections 49(i) (I-A), 19, r/w section 21(1)(2) of the MMDR Act 1957, 120 B and 420 of The Indian Penal Code (IPC) and sections 7,8,9,10,11,12,13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1988.
Dohr (7-4) allowed five hits and four walks in seven-plus innings for their second straight victory after three consecutive defeats. The right-hander retired 8-of-9 batters in the middle innings before running into trouble in the eighth after a leadoff error.
Cody Campbell got a pair of groundouts to end the threat with the Bears scoring just one run and worked around a single in the ninth to post their first save.
Cumberland (23-24, 6-9 Mid-South) scored five runs in the first two innings in the second game to give Wullenwaber a healthy cushion, with Kevin Connolly leading off the game with a homer and Austin Krajnak plating a pair later in the first with a double. Caleb Kellogg's homer started the second inning and Hector Morales added a run-scoring double later in the frame.
Wullenwaber (5-3) stranded the bases loaded in the first and then set down 11-of-12 batters before an error in the fifth opened the door for Pikeville (20-20, 3-12) to get on the board. The Bears added a run in the sixth but got just a single in the seventh. The right-hander allowed eight hits with one walk and seven strikeouts for the win.
Kyle Allen and Bo Saunders each plated runs with singles and another run came across on a wild pitch in a three-run fourth inning in the opener, giving the Phoenix the lead. Connolly's sacrifice fly in the eighth added an insurance run for CU.
The early runs in the second contest helped Wullenwaber and Kellogg added a run-scoring single later in the contest. Morales finished 3-for-4 with two runs scored and Krajnak and Kellogg both collected two hits and two RBIs in the 7-2 victory.
Kay Vincent's solo homer in the second gave Pikeville a 1-0 lead in the opener and Dohr picked off Matt Peterson later in the inning to keep the deficit at one.
In the fourth Rayden Sierra led off with a single and Krajnak walked before an infield single by Nick Mira loaded the bases. Sierra scored on a wild pitch and with two outs, Allen singled through the left side, driving in a run, and Saunders followed with an infield single, plating another for a 3-1 CU advantage.
The Bears had base runners in every inning but the seventh against Dohr, but Josh Bailey was thrown out at the plate trying to score on a grounder in the first and was caught stealing in the third. Travis Haen bounced into a 5-4-3 doubleplay to end a threat in the fifth as well as Peterson's pickoff in the second.
Austin Voeller started the Cumberland eighth with a single and Allen walked with one out before another single by Saunders loaded the bases. Connolly's sac fly to center plated pinch-runner Riley Kleven for a 4-1 advantage.
Haen reached on an error to start the Pikeville eighth and went to second on a wild pitch. With one out Anthony Roberts doubled and Vincent walked, loading the bases. Jorge Perez's groundout to first plated Haen, but Peterson bounced out as well to end the inning.
Cumberland started quickly in the second contest, with Connolly homering to left to leadoff the game. Morales singled and Sierra walked before Krajnak's two-run double to left put the Phoenix ahead, 3-0, after a half inning.
The Bears loaded the bases with an error and two singles, but Wullenwaber struck out Perez and Peterson flied out to end the inning.
In the second Kellogg's homer to rightcenter started the frame and Saunders walked and went to second on a wild pitch with one out. Morales doubled down the leftfield line with two outs, plating Saunders for a 5-0 lead.
Cumberland added two more runs in the fifth when Morales singled to leadoff and came all the way around to score on three wild pitches. Krajnak singled with one out and stole second. Voeller then singled with one out and Kellogg's RBI single to center made it 7-0 Phoenix.
Wullenwaber ran into trouble for the first time in the game in the bottom of the inning, with Alex Barba reaching on a one-out error, but they were erased by a groundout. Bailey walked and Haen singled, loading the bases, and Justin Beatty followed with an RBI single, but Roberts flied out to end the inning without any further damage.
In the sixth Perez led off with a single and reached third on a pair of groundouts before an RBI single to center by Barba, but that was all for the Bears.
Cumberland will play host to Bryan College on Tuesday at 2 p.m. and head to Tennessee Wesleyan on Wednesday for a 2 p.m. CDT contest.
**Breaking News** @richforever new album "Rather You Than Me" in stores March 17, 2017 A post shared by Chris Rock (@chrisrock) on Feb 14, 2017 at 9:33pm PST
Rick Ross must have something on Chris Rock. That's the only thing that makes sense in this particular situation. Otherwise, why would Rock be doing album promos for Rozay and calling the Maybach Music head honcho the best to ever do it?
As far as marketing tactics go, it's a brilliant move by Ross, who had the comedian to announce the news that Ross' new studio album, Rather Me Than You, will now officially be released on March 17th. Early Wednesday morning, Rock put the word out in a video posted to their Instagram in which they said “I wanna say whats up to my man Ricky Ross, Ricky Rozay. The greatest rapper alive and he's got a new album coming out called ‘Rather You Than Me' that drops March 17th with the hit single ‘I Think They Like' featuring Ty Dolla $ign.” No, there didn't appear to be anyone holding them against their will either so maybe they really does like Ross' music or they were paid handsomely for the quick mention.
Whatever the case, it's welcome news to hear that The Bawse will officially make their return in March. Just last week they dropped off the new track “Summer 17” as a warm-up and he's been spotted in the studio with Jay-Z in recent weeks in what's likely a new collab between the two of them. Those two usually create magic together so that alone is enough reason to anticipate the project.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Tuesday's the official start of spring, but nobody seems to have told Old Man Winter.
Tri-State residents, weary from three recent nor'easters that brought significant snow totals and week-long power outages, appear to be in for another one.
“In our area, we feel the worst of it on Wednesday, but there's a teaser on Tuesday,” said CBS2 meteorologist John Elliott. “It's Wednesday morning finally where we start to see some snow in the city. Cold enough by then for snow, then it pivots back in and the storm will strengthen as it does.”
Elliott said to expect heavy, wet snow.
“With so much of the area taking such a battering with the last storm, we're concerned about power outages. It pivots through all the way through Wednesday,” Elliott said.
While various weather models were not in agreement as to how much snow to expect, the totals seemed to be significant.
As of Monday at noon, the European model, which Elliott called “very agressive,” showed New York City getting up to 9 inches of snow by Thursday morning. The GFS showed New York City getting 7.3 inches, while the North American model called for 10 inches.
“Obviously there's a lot of model wobbles going on, but the odds for appreciable, accumulating snow are on the rise and the period will be later Wednesday and early Thursday,” Elliott said.
Recent storms knocked out power to thousands and prompted calls from officials to review the performance of some power companies.
Calling central government's notification on Cattle trade ban devoid of “prejudice or hidden agenda”, Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP) leader and Environment Minister Harsh Vardhan said that they are open to the States for giving their suggestion for amendments in the new law.
Speaking on the growing disconnect from various parties alleging the Centre govt for hijacking and overruling state authority power over the matter of cattle, Harsh Vardhan claimed that they have no problem in bringing amendments to the existing restrictions in the sale of cattle for slaughter.
“I appeal to protesting states and the public at large to send us their suggestions,” said a national daily quoting the minister.
Harsh Vardhan further states that new rule which restricts the sale of cattle for slaughter in animal markets under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Market) Rules, 2017 was placed in the domain for discussion and suggestions from everyone for a one complete month in January this year.
No stakeholders or any aggrieved party came to challenge the drafted rule and that is only when the Ministry decided to go ahead with the rule, explains Harsh Vardhan.
Admitting to the different voices against the rule inside BJP party, Harsh Vardhan said, “We recognise that there is a problem. If we did not, why would we agree to change it when it was all done as per the instructions of Supreme Court?” reports IE.
The minister said that the government is aware of the situation and does not want to “hurt any industry, or harm farmers” and the ministry is going through all the suggestions submitted to them in documents.
“There is no need to do politics over this because we are willing to rectify whatever has caused grievance,” they added.
Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change of Government of India on May 26 released a new law that bans sale and purchase of cattle for the purpose of slaughter or religious sacrifice.
As per the new law, the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules, 2017 aims to ensure that the sale of cattle is not meant for slaughter purposes.
The list of animals that cannot be bought or sold for slaughter through cattle markets includes cows, bulls, buffaloes, heifers, calves and camels.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Monday said the Justice Department was reviewing its options after a federal judge denied a request by President Donald Trump's administration to enforce their ban on transgender troops while the government appeals an order blocking it.
"The Department of Justice is currently reviewing the legal options to ensure the president's directive is implemented," White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders told reporters.
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by Katanga Johnson; Editing by Tim Ahmann)
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Brooklyn College is getting a bad rap from staff and students over its current state of disrepair — and now its getting a bad name, too.
Some are calling it “Brokelyn College.”
From Chopper2 it looks like a beautiful sprawling campus, but if you zoom in you'll see crumbling infrastructure.
That's why students have renamed their school.
“When you feel that it's Brokelyn College as opposed to Brooklyn College you have a sense of shame instead of pride,” student Heather Zapper said.
“I go to the restroom and the toilets are covered with bags and I don't see anything being repaired at all,” another student said.
A group of students started documenting the disrepair on Facebook and Instagram.
One picture shows a classroom cordoned off due to a leaky ceiling.
And a video shows peeling paint in the stairwells. It was shot by a professor who says it's been that way for “16” years.
Even the schools clock tower is broken — frozen at half past five.
“It's only right twice a day,” student Allan Randall said. “We have had a lot of problems on campus due to broken facilities, leaks, asbestos … there's also chipped paint, probably lead paint.”
Randall started the Facebook page, “Fixing Brokelyn College,” where all of the posts have the hashtag #thankyoucuomo.
“There's a lot of callback for Gov. Cuomo to take action,” student Austin Santiago said.
“I think among a lot of students there is a definite distrust of the administration in general. There was a protest at the board of trustees hearing,” student Corrine Greene added.
At that protest earlier this week, students blamed college officials for a lack of accountability. CBS2's Duddridge reached out to a Brooklyn College spokesperson, who said: “There is more than $186 million in active construction going on, including renovations and accessibility upgrades.”
But some students said the college's response isn't enough. They want a more detailed explanation of what is being repaired and when.
“When you don't make sure that there are just some basic things functioning on campus it sends a message to the students that really you are not as invested in their futures,” Zapper said.
CBS2's Duddridge reached out to Gov. Andrew Cuomo's office, but didn't immediately hear back.
Brooklyn College officials said they are working with the city and state to make upgrades, but they provided no timeline for those repairs.
Welland Civic Square could see an upgrade if council approves the development of a concept plan for changing the public area in front.
A report from city staff says the civic square has the potential to be a landmark in the downtown core and that downtown revitalization is an important part of the overall health of a community.
It says the space has seen an increasing in interest, with events such as movie nights and community events broadcast on the big screen bringing in local residents.
“In order to continue the growth of these events, and to attract future community gatherings, a revitalization strategy for (the) civic square is necessary,” the report says.
It adds that Niagara Region has contributed, in kind, an architect holding the position of manager of urban design, to work on the project and produce the concept drawings, and renderings for the revitalization of the civic square.
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says their organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior, they say.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, they say, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
The European Union is helping Palestinian Authority residents in the southern Hevron Hills to document local Jewish communities, based on information gleaned from photo files taken from a small remote-control aircraft which crashed near the Jewish community of Maon. A Maon resident took it to the Regavim Movement for Preservation of State Lands.
Some of the communities contain Israeli army bases and security antennas. The drones are launched from PA communities without the security establishment knowing about them. Regavim Field Manager Oved Arad said, "The Foreign Ministry must respond strongly and unequivocally against this activity, which is the crossing of a red line and dangerous."
Read more
Transcript for Ali Wentworth opens up about new book on 'GMA'
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Kenyan government switches off 3 TV networks for airing live broadcasts of opposition leader 'swearing in' event.
President Donald Trump's call for American unity in their first State of the Union address struck an us-versus-them tone for many minorities, raising questions as to what extent Americans are put off by a leader who continually draws criticism as bigoted and xenophobic.
For many people of color, Trump's address before Congress on Tuesday night hardly reflected a shift in their ideology or their bruising style of governance. It was not lost on them that the president simply softened what he's been saying all along, particularly when it comes to immigration, and sought to add a veneer of tolerance by using the stories of people of color to illustrate their points.
"After more than a year of toxic policies and attacks on marginalized communities, the time for hoping Trump might change is long over," said Color of Change Executive Director Rashad Robinson. "Behaving like an adult for one speech doesn't change those facts."
In taking credit for a drop in black unemployment, Trump showcased a black welder's journey from unemployment to a meaningful career. At one point, they reiterated their disgust for NFL players' national anthem protests against systemic racism by praising a 12-year-old white boy's act of patriotism. And they conflated immigration with urban gun violence by highlighting two Long Island families who were victimized by gang members who were in the country illegally.
The result was a rhetorical throwback to mean-spirited race baiting of the past, said Brookings Institute research fellow Andre Perry.
"You replace 'immigrant' with 'black person,' and you're talking 1950s rhetoric," Perry said. "If you're a person of color, it wasn't a dog whistle — it was a direct attack. It wasn't that long ago that blacks and women were not full citizens, but we were members of society denied rights under the law."
While some praised Trump for staying on message and striking a more presidential tone, others pointed out that their tone contradicted their actions.
"President Trump can pause their Twitter habits long enough to deliver a prepared speech to a national TV audience, but isn't doing anything real to bring us together or improve the lives of everyday Americans," Democratic Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey said in a statement.
Reps. John Lewis of Georgia, Maxine Waters of California and Al Green of Texas — all Democrats who have criticized Trump— decided to skip the speech entirely.
"I'm part of those who decided that we would protest outside as a matter of principle to say to the president, 'We disapprove of what you're doing,'" Green said Tuesday night.
Others wore black to show their displeasure, and several wore sashes or ties made of African Kente cloth, a nod to the president's reference to African nations as "shithole countries." Some wore buttons bearing the name of Recy Taylor, a black Alabama woman gang raped by white men during the Jim Crow era; they died in late December at age 97.
"There was nothing to clap for, nothing to be happy about, nothing to smile about and nothing to be applauding about," said Rep. Bonnie Watson Coleman, a New Jersey Democrat who ordered the Recy Taylor buttons. "He takes credit for things they have no right to take credit for. They really did not speak to how racist he's been or xenophobic he's been or sexist he's been, so they really didn't speak to the things that I expected them to or would want them to have addressed."
As Trump touted the low black unemployment rate, several black members of Congress sat stone-faced amid cheers from their Republican colleagues.
The speech, historically a list of priorities for presidents, was also about what Trump didn't say. There was scant reference to hurricane-devastated Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, no mention of the racial violence that erupted last summer in Charlottesville, Virginia, nor of the evolving #MeToo movement against sexual harassment.
The president has denied that they are a racist. However, soon after their inauguration, they signed an executive order banning people from several Muslim countries from coming to America, prompting protests nationwide. To kickoff Black History Month last February, they clumsily referenced 19th-century abolitionist Frederick Douglass as if they were still alive. They defended white supremacists after they rallied in Charlottesville, blaming "both sides" for deadly violence there. And they have repeatedly labeled immigrants as criminal and targeted so-called sanctuary cities who refuse to aid federal law enforcement.
Such actions, Perry said, can't be covered by "platitudes of American togetherness that mask rabid, structural racism and really doesn't include black people, Latinos, immigrants and others."
"It's outrageous that people aren't seeing the hypocrisy," Perry added.
___
Associated Press video journalist Noreen Nasir contributed to this report. Errin Haines Whack is The Associated Press' national writer on race and ethnicity. Follow their work on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/emarvelous
After having been skitted for 96 - their lowest score in the BPL - Tamim's men need to lift their batting if they are to topple Rangpur and join Dhaka in the final [Read More]
—–
Source: Bangladesh news from Cricinfo
Fuel For Thought
Q
My 354 Gen 1 Chrysler Hemi in my 1932 DeSoto three-window coupe is fitted with a Hot Heads tunnel ram intake manifold and two Edelbrock 500-cfm carbs. I know it's over carbureted but this is a Saturday night cruiser not a daily driver, and one carb just doesn't look right on a hoodless, fenderless car with a big old Hemi. I want to use Funny Car–style zoomie headers with street baffles. If I decide two carbs is a pain to work with and I switch to carb-style fuel injection where would I put the exhaust O2 sensor for the computer with eight separate exhaust pipes?
Tom & Tina Keyes
Redding, CA
A
While the amount of carburetion your Hemi is equipped with is overkill, the secondary air valves the Edelbrock carburetors feature will help mitigate the issue. You'll want to experiment with progressive linkage “timing” and try using the rear carb as the primary just to get the throttle bores more centered on the manifold.
As for the fuel injection there is good news and bad news about what you propose. With an oxygen sensor in one pipe the system will work but it is far from ideal, particularly at idle. According to David Page at FAST, you would need a system that offered a wide array of tuning options, like the FAST Sportsman. Basically, you'd have to ignore the air /fuel ratio displays because the readings may not be accurate from one pipe. As a result, tuning of idle, cruise, and wide-open throttle air/fuel ratios would be done by performance. The caution here would be to ensure there were no lean cylinders that could lean the engine out under some circumstances resulting in engine damage.
Street Rod Flasher
The reason I am contacting you is because of your column about turn signals. I hope I can be of help for anyone wiring up a turn signal system in their or their hot rod. Available from Signal Dynamics (signaldynamics.com) it's basically a mini computer with a nine-wire hookup using two momentary push buttons or toggle switches to activate the left and right turn signals. Originally meant for motorcycles, I tried them on my 1931 coupe that I didn't want a big switch sticking out. I used two push button starter switches.
The first year using them they worked great, then after pulling my pop-up camper a few times they quit working. I was told that it was only set to operate four lights but because I was using it on six it had overheated so the company reengineered all their controllers to operate up to, I think, 8 or 10 lights and sent me the new version and I've never had a problem since. I've now been using it for over 10 years and over 40,000 miles.
When you hit the button for the direction you want to turn that side will blink for about 10 seconds or for 10 seconds after you let off the brake. To activate the four ways you push both buttons at the same time and all lights blink until you push both of them together again. I hope this can be helpful to a lot of people with a need for simple but great working turn signals.
Tom McLaughlin
For those of you who don't have a self-canceling turn signal switch integrated into the steering column of your street rod and found yourself driving for miles with your turn signals flashing since the last turn you made, an electronic timer may be for you. We've used a variety of Watson's StreetWorks (watsons-streetworks.com) turn signal controls; one such is their Turn Signal Module.
(AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File). FILE- In this Nov. 9, 2017, file photo, a Walmart employee scans items while conducting an exercise during a Walmart Academy class session at the store in North Bergen, N.J. Walmart is offering its employees a new perk: a...
By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO
AP Retail Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Walmart is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degrees, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market.
The company is working with Denver-based startup Guild Education to give employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three nonprofit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees.
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be eligible, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart. Walmart declined to disclose the cost of the program.
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their workers as shoppers move online. Store chains including Walmart have also raised wages as low unemployment gives trained retail workers more options.
Walmart has said the tax overhaul helped it also give workers one-time bonuses and expand parental leave benefits. Critics say Walmart should share even more of its profits with employees. But a shareholder proposal presented Wednesday, calling on the company to invest as much money in the stock plan for employees as it does on share buybacks, was rejected.
Also defeated were proposals that would require Walmart to publish a report on racial and ethnic pay gaps and to create an independent chair.
The partnership with Guild Education goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry-level workers.
Guild Education, founded in 2015, works with other national chains like Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it more in league with Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
_____
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
President Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive order that seeks to make changes to a visa program that brings in high-skilled workers.
Trump is heading Tuesday to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where they plan to sign an order dubbed "Buy American and Hire American," said administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity despite the president's frequent criticism of the use of anonymous sources.
The officials said the order, which Trump will sign at the headquarters of tool manufacturer Snap-on Inc., would direct the departments of Homeland Security, Justice, Labor and State to propose new rules to prevent immigration fraud and abuse. Those departments would also be asked to offer changes so that H-1B visas are awarded to the most-skilled or highest-paid applicants."
The White House said the program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and that some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages.
Administration officials said the order also seeks to strengthen existing requirements that American-made products be used in certain federal construction projects, as well as in various federal transportation grant-funded projects. The officials said the commerce secretary will review how to close loopholes in enforcing the existing rules and provide recommendations to the president.
The order specifically asks the secretary to review waivers of these rules that exist in free-trade agreements. The administration said that if the waivers are not benefiting the United States they will be "renegotiated or revoked."
During their campaign, Trump said at some points they supported high-skilled visas, then came out against them. At one debate, they called for fully ending the program, saying: "It's very bad for our workers and it's unfair for our workers. And we should end it."
The officials said the changes could be administrative or legislative and could include higher fees for the visas, changing the wage scale for the program or other initiatives.
About 85,000 H-1B visas are distributed annually by lottery. Many go to technology companies, which argue that the United States has a shortage of skilled technology workers.
But critics say the program has been hijacked by staffing companies that use the visas to import foreigners — often from India — who will work for less than Americans. The staffing companies then sell their services to corporate clients who use them to outsource tech work.
Employers from Walt Disney World to the University of California in San Francisco have laid off their tech employees and replaced them with H-1B visa holders. Adding to the indignity: The U.S. workers are sometimes asked to train their replacements to qualify for severance packages.
Congress is considering several bills to overhaul the visa program. One, introduced by Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin and Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, would require companies seeking H-1B visas to first make a good-faith effort to hire Americans, a requirement many companies can dodge under the current system; give the Labor Department more power to investigate and sanction H-1B abuses; and give "the best and brightest" foreign students studying in the U.S. priority in getting H-1B visas.
Trump's stop at the world headquarters of Snap-on Inc. would come as the president faces an approval rating of just 41 percent in Wisconsin, a state they barely won in November. The visit also would take them to the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan, who won't be joining the president because he's on a bipartisan congressional trip overseas visiting NATO countries.
Trump has traveled to promote their agenda less than their recent predecessors. White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said that Trump wanted to visit "a company that builds American-made tools with American workers."
Trump carried Wisconsin in November by nearly 23,000 votes — less than 1 percentage point — making them the first Republican to win the state since 1984. They campaigned on the promise of returning manufacturing jobs that have been lost in Upper Midwest states.
Founded in Wisconsin in 1920, Snap-on makes hand and power tools, diagnostics software, information and management systems, and shop equipment for use in a variety of industries, including agriculture, the military and aviation. Its headquarters are in Kenosha and it has eight manufacturing sites in North America, including one in Wisconsin, in Milwaukee. The company employs about 11,000 people worldwide.
———
Associated Press writer Paul Wiseman contributed to this report.
If viewing on a mobile device, CLICK HERE to watch the press conference live when it begins
It's been a while since Dr. Ben Carson has visited south Louisiana, but they returned to the area Monday.
Dr. Carson actually hasn't been in the Capital area since 2015, which was before they were named secretary of the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). They will hold a press conference at 4:15 p.m. about their trip.
We will livestream that press conference here and on the WAFB Facebook page when it begins.
During this trip, they toured Denham Springs housing with Mayor Gerard Landry, Congressman Garret Graves, and US Sen. John Kennedy.
“I would like to thank Sec. Carson and their wife, Candy, for accepting my invitation to come down to Louisiana to tour the flood damage and witness firsthand the efforts being made by local, state, and federal officials to recover, fully, from the devastating flood last year,” said Sen. Kennedy. “It is imperative that we continue to work together, both at the local and national level, to make sure our communities have every avenue available to rebuild stronger than ever.”
Earlier in the day, Carson and their wife met with the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness (GOHSEP) to talk about ongoing flood recovery efforts and steps to make the state more resilient in the future.
Click here for more
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
DERA ISMAIL KHAN, Pakistan (AP) — Pakistani intelligence officials say a suspected U.S. drone strike killed a militant commander and their associate near the Afghan border.
Two intelligence officials say the drone targeted the commander, Qari Abdullah Dawar, as they were walking with their associate near their mountain hideout in the Tor Tangai area of North Waziristan on Wednesday.
North Waziristan has long been a sanctuary for Pakistani Taliban and other militant groups. Pakistan's military says it has eradicated most militant safe havens in operations there.
They say the slain militants were from the Gul Bahadur group, which has carried out attacks inside Afghanistan. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media.
Pakistani Taliban leader Mullah Fazlullah was killed in a drone strike in Afghanistan last month.
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season.
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi.
Some players, including Inbee Park, Karrie Webb and No. 3-ranked Lexi Thompson, got a full 18 holes on Monday.
Thompson said some parts of fairways were "a little muddy and a little patchy." After that experience, they were hoping to play under lift, clean and place rules.
"I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but you never know," they said. "I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice. The rain has not helped that situation, so I guess come Thursday we'll see, though."
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women's Open. Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S. Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S. Junior.
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990, when the club drew criticism for not having black members. That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that didn't allow minority members.
The Regions Tradition, a PGA Tour Champions major, was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015.
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions.
Webb, who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001, is playing in their 23rd consecutive Women's Open. They got a special exemption from the USGA.
"It'll be the softest U.S. Open course I've played," Webb said.
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park. But distance, of course, isn't the only important factor.
"I think it could set up for anyone that's just hitting lots of fairways and greens," Webb said.
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of cancelled practice rounds. Two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and their scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in, barring an earlier slot opening.
A friend, PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax, gave them a rundown of the course over the phone.
Otherwise, Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie "Solo," then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday, enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek.
"I feel more prepared than ever," Kang said. "That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
By John Zenor, The Associated Press
Shutterstock
It's a bombshell none of us could have ever predicted (besides here, here, and HERE, where we specifically predicted it): As anti-Mexican sentiment continues to grow in America, citizens of the country our president keeps threatening to build a wall — Is it a fence now? — around are actually choosing not to visit these fifty nifty United States, regardless of the fact that we have both a Disney Land and a Disney World.
According to The LA Times, even those Mexican citizens who regularly spend time in America as tourists have chosen not to continue infusing our economy with cash money as long as Trump is in power. One man who spoke to the outlet said that he'll be taking a sabbatical from their twice-yearly “jaunts” to the country until after the current administration has left power.
Of course, that's just one guy, right? Who cares if some dude who liked to come here to buy Christmas presents doesn't want to spend thousands of bucks on souvenirs for their family. And, according to commenters over at the L.A. Times, some are even seeing this move as a good thing because now the Mexican people can infuse their own economy with cash instead of traveling to a country who doesn't need their help. And while that response is already 175% xenophobic and bigoted (maybe world travel is something these people need?), it's also very misguided, because, it turns out, the economy is more complicated than the tweets that our commander-in-chief keeps making about it.
From The LA Times:
Tourism Economics, a global research firm, estimates that lost visits from Mexico to the U.S. this year will total 1.8 million — a 7% drop from the previous year — with direct economic loss of $1.1 billion. The firm estimates that Mexico-to-U.S. travel will diminish even further in 2018, with 2.6 million lost visits and direct economic losses totaling $1.6 billion.
And:
Cesar Romero, the president of GMA, a group of travel associations, said he's been told by their colleagues that there's been a 15% to 20% decrease in interest in travel to the U.S. since Trump took office in January. Travel experts blame the trend on Trump and their “America first” rhetoric, as well as the hostile way they spoke of Mexico along the campaign trail.
If that's not enough, Money reports that the amount of tourists coming to see the sights (from all around the world) may drop by up to 6.3 million people annually, meaning that American businesses that cater to tourists — restaurants, hotels, that place that charges you five bucks to see a giant ball of yarn — may suffer dearly. In fact, Money estimates that the amount of lost revenue won't be $1.6 billion when it's all said and done, but something much closer to 30 billion dollars.
Unfortunately, it's not only the government's overt policies that are keeping people away. As more and more people feel comfortable being open with bigoted opinions and hateful rhetoric, would-be visitors are more and more scared of what could happen to them if they booked a trip to the US. The solution? Resist bigotry and hatred whenever and wherever you can. For everyone else, perhaps they'll see things differently once the money stops rolling in.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on records released by Las Vegas police regarding the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history (all times local):
1 p.m.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of video on Wednesday came after courts ordered the department to make public police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting.
It's the fourth batch of records to be released under the court order.
The material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism as officers responded to the massacre.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from a high-rise hotel into an outdoor concert crowd on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material being released. The FBI has declined to comment.
Both agencies say they don't have a motive for the attack and the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism.
____
10:20 a.m.
Police in Las Vegas are scheduled to release more records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of the materials has been promised for noon Wednesday.
Courts ordered the release of public records including police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material.
The FBI has also declined to comment.
Both say they don't have a motive for the attack, and that the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone in shooting from a high-rise hotel room into an outdoor concert crowd below, and that the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — The financial services firm behind Wall Street's “Fearless Girl” statue agreed to pay $5 million to settle federal allegations that it paid female executives less than their male counterparts.
The agreement followed a U.S. Department of Labor probe into State Street Corporation.
Investigators said their analysis concluded that State Street had paid female executives less in base pay, bonus pay and total compensation than similarly situated males in the same positions.
A spokesperson for the company said Thursday that State Street disagrees with the analysis but opted to bring the six-year-old matter to a resolution and move forward.
In a statement the company said it is “committed to equal pay practices and evaluates on an ongoing basis our internal processes to be sure our compensation, hiring and promotions programs are nondiscriminatory.”
The agreement calls on State Street to pay $5 million into a fund for 305 female executives and 15 black executives, which the investigation also found had been paid less than similarly situated white employees in the same positions.
Artist Kristen Visbal's “Fearless Girl” statue of a girl with their hands on their hips was commissioned by State Street Global Advisors, a division of State Street Corporation, and placed on a traffic island facing Wall Street's “Charging Bull” statue on March 7.
The work was embraced by tourists and others as a symbol of female empowerment, though some critics have questioned the motives of State Street, which has said the statue was intended “to celebrate the power of women in leadership and to urge greater gender diversity on corporate boards.”
The statue was put up as a temporary display but spawned an online petition seeking to keep it permanently.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
HONOLULU (AP) — An autistic high school student raped a classmate while the adult assigned to monitor them was taking a nap, said a federal lawsuit accusing Hawaii's statewide school district of negligence. The autistic student had a full-time one-on-one aide because they were known to be violent, the lawsuit filed Monday said. The aide was asleep when the 2012 attack happened during Pearl City High School band practice, the lawsuit said. The Associated Press doesn't typically name victims of sexual assault. The 10th-grade girl was in the back of the band at the percussion section when the larger 11th-grader raped them there and then again in a curtained area of the auditorium. The aide was sleeping in the audience section of the auditorium, the lawsuit said. State Department of Education spokesperson Donalyn Dela Cruz declined to comment on pending litigation. Kyle Miyashiro, who was a vice principal at the time and is named as a defendant, referred questions to the school's principal who didn't immediately respond Tuesday. The aide, Bryan Simpson, is also named as a defendant and no longer works at the school, Miyashiro said. Simpson couldn't be reached for comment. The girl reported the rape to their mother and police, said their attorney Peter Hsieh. The autistic student was prosecuted in family court and convicted of two counts of first-degree sexual assault, Hsieh said. “She dropped out of high school. They couldn't finish because of what happened to her,” Hsieh said. But they later earned a GED diploma and is now studying bioengineering at the University of Hawaii, they said. “She's basically turned an adverse situation as a motivator for her,” they said, adding that it was their decision to pursue a civil lawsuit. In a separate, similar case, a jury last year determined that the Department of Education failed to protect a special education student who said they were raped by a special education classmate at Waianae High School. The jury awarded the girl and their mother about $810,000 in damages, but the state appealed. The case is before the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, said Hsieh, who also handled that case. The two lawsuits send a “loud message that there is a lack of proper training and supervision of teachers, aides and assistants,” Hsieh said, “especially when it comes to children who have a history of violence.” — Follow Jennifer Sinco Kelleher at http://www.twitter.com/JenHapa. Them work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/jennifer-sinco-kelleher.
Comments
comments
This production of Dick Whittington, the first staged in Lytham by Paul Holman Associates, is by far the Lowther Pavilion's best festive offering for years.
Written and directed by father and son team Ben and Keith Simmons - who also display all the tricks of a comedian's trade on stage - the show successfully brings together many of elements of a traditional pantomime.
Millie Hansford, from Thornton Cleveleys, stars in Dick Whittington at Lowther Pavilion, Lytham
The excellent dancers from Blackpool's Langley Dance Centre, Adam Ludwell's choreography and Simon Goldring's live keyboard music with percussionist Michael Peters all provide accomplished support to a very strong principal cast.
The rich-voiced Matthew Wellman speaks and sings perfectly in the title role, with the angular and energetic Danny Rogers engaging as Idle Jack.
Millie Hansford from Thornton Cleveleys belts out their songs as Alice Fitzwarren, while Gracie Stiling does their utmost with their rhyming couplets in the always unrewarding role of Fairy Bow Bells.
It's a pity there are not just a tad fewer puns, and also a more active role in the script for the colourfully-costumed Sarah the Cook (Will Nightingale. Instead the comic honours belong to the Simmons pair as Captain Birdseye and their mate Findus. Their ‘disappearing cabinet' routine may be straight from the musical hall, but it was a scene of wonderful visual, physical and verbal comedy.
Pleasingly, opportunities to engage with the audience are not overdone. The cast themselves clearly were enjoying the performance hugely, with an admirable ability to make fun of themselves, first night glitches and the script with some spontaneous ad libs.
The well-crafted script has something for those of all ages, with three endearing tinies invited on stage for a singalong, plenty of TV references, a spectacular finale and, throughout, a refreshing spontaneity.
Until December 30.
09:30 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 'I think we're going to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital' Read more
Mike Huckabee says Judea and Samaria should be 'open,' says they think Trump will take 'very positive steps' supporting Israel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
CARTER COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – News Channel 11 expects to learn more about the murder of an elderly Carter County woman.
Carter County Sheriff Dexter Lunceford will hold a news conference this afternoon to discuss the case.
On Friday, The Carter County Sheriff's Office told us 89-year-old Mary Noland was found assaulted in their Stoney Creek Home in July. They later died of their injuries. Investigators say finger nail clippings tested by the TBI crime lab led them to Chad Benfield.
Deputies arrested Benfield and charged them with murder and especially aggravated burglary.
 They are being held on a $500,000 bond.
The sheriff's office says Benfield was living in the house directly behind Nolan. They recently are released from prison after serving a 16-year sentence in South Carolina for four counts of residential burglary.
News Channel 11 will continue to follow the latest developments in this case.
We will live stream the news conference right here on WJHL.com beginning at 1:30 p.m.
The world-famous Teletubbies are to star in their first-ever live theatre show, Big Hugs, created especially for the younger audience, and we have a family ticket to give away to one lucky reader.
Teletubbies Live will be playing six performances at Newcastle Theatre Royal on Saturday, February 10, and Sunday, February 11, and one lucky family will be able to join in the fun at the opening show.
Teletubbies
Join Tinky Winky, Dipsy, Laa-Laa and Po in a captivating stage show full of love, laughter, music and Big Hugs, as they explore the magical world of Teletubbyland.
Look out for the Tubby Phone, Noo-Noo and Sun Baby in a fun, bright and safe world, which captures young children's imaginations and encourages them to explore the world around them.
Young audiences will have the opportunity to join in and enjoy popular features from the TV series along with brand-new songs by Bafta award-winning composer Mani Svavarsson.
Teletubbies Live has been created and adapted for the stage by Richard Lewis, who has also created and directed the hugely successful Peppa Pig Live shows. The show is produced by leading children's theatre team, Fiery Light, in collaboration with licensor DHX Brands.
Featuring full-sized Teletubbies characters, bright colours, puppetry, movement, songs and actions, Teletubbies Live is the perfect show for introducing young children to the fun and magic of theatre.
The prize of one family ticket (four tickets in total, one of whom must be an adult over the age of 18) is valid for the 10am performance of Teletubbies Live on Saturday, February 10, at Newcastle Theatre Royal. The prize is non-transferable, no cash alternative is available and only valid for the above performance.
•Teletubbies Live tickets are priced £13.50 and can be purchased at www.theatreroyal.co.uk or from the Theatre Royal Box Office on 08448 11 21 21 (calls cost 7ppm plus your phone company's access charge).
•To be in with a chance of winning the family ticket, answer this question: how many Teletubbies are there? Email your answer and contact details to Katy.Wheeler@jpress.co.uk. Closing date: February 7.
Five Things I've Learned in Three Years of Retirement
When I was pondering retirement from Tutor and Spunky's, my Dana Point deli, the main thing I looked forward to was having “free time.” With it, I could do nothing—if I wanted—which sounded great, after 25 years of serving sandwiches.
Three years ago in January, I sold the deli to Jim Mouzakis, a really good man, who I knew would treat the employees well. I had worked until age 75; I'm glad I did. Working until then helped build a small financial nest egg and kept my body moving and my mind active. And then, finally, there was freedom from slicing salami.
However, I realized quickly that I did not want a lot of free time. It wasn't good for me. I'm not built to sit around. I realized I must have projects to work on. Every morning I make a to-do list for the day. If I haven't crossed each item off by day's end, so be it. But, the list keeps me focused.
Soon, that free time became busy time. And from three years of busy time came five lessons learned in retirement.
The most important retirement lesson learned is the need to have social interaction with people. To be too isolated is not good for one's health.
A good way to interact with people is by joining groups. Meetup.com lists thousands of groups and activities and should provide plenty of ideas for people who are not sure of what to do to meet others. Also, monthly Chamber of Commerce mixers and service clubs are great places to interact with people.
The second retirement lesson I've learned is the importance of keeping my body moving. It's a daily priority for me. In South Orange County, we're fortunate to have parks and the ocean nearby. The ocean can be a great aid and inspiration to keep moving. There's surfing, swimming, kayaking, stand up paddleboarding, and walking in the harbor or on the beaches. Salt Creek Beach is one of the most beautiful in the world. I can walk there in 30 minutes from our front door, and do often.
In retirement, keeping the body moving daily is a “must-do” in filling my “free time.”
The third retirement lesson I've learned is the need to have a purpose in life. Something with meaning, it doesn't have to be a huge project. Volunteering and helping others is a great way to fulfill this human need. Some people use the words “giving back.” There are lots of people around who are way less fortunate than I. They can use a little help. How I help them doesn't matter-giving of my time, or what little money I can afford, makes me feel good. The fourth retirement lesson I've learned is the importance of keeping one's mind and brain stimulated. For some, it's the love of reading that fulfills this need. For me, it's my writing. I've been a newspaper columnist for 23 years. I love it. Every week I must generate a column and/or a newsletter article. I am grateful for the opportunity. The fifth retirement lesson I've learned is to be willing to step out of one's comfort zone. When Greta and I were in Lima, Peru, in October, it would have been easy to take a tour of the city arranged by the ship. But, instead, we decided to do it on our own.
If you're single, and you've made a list of the qualities you seek in a mate, don't be shackled by the list. Let's say one of the qualities is to meet a widower of the same faith. But you meet a divorced man instead. And holy horrors, he's not of the same faith, or even more horrifying, not of the same nationality. But you like them because he's a gentleman.
Step out of your comfort zone and take a chance on him. Let yourself be enlightened. You'd be surprised at the number of seniors unwilling to do that. Don't be an old fuddy-duddy.
Those are the five biggest takeaways I've learned in three years of retirement. In 2018, I'll probably learn a few more retirement lessons. But, if I can master these five, I will be ahead of the game.
Tom Blake is a Dana Point resident and a former Dana Point business person who has authored several books on middle-aged dating. See their websites at www.findingloveafter50.com; www.vicsta.com and www.travelafter55.com. To receive Tom's weekly online newsletter, sign up at www.findingloveafter50.com. Email: tompblake@gmail.com.
Just like that, the 60th annual Grammy awards are over. As one of the busiest nights of the movie industry closes, we are all left pouring over the results, seeing who got their due praise, who got snubbed and who came out of left field.
With Jay-Z entering as the favorite of the show, boasting eight nominations — the most of any nominees — they quickly faded when compared to the likes of Kendrick Lamar and Bruno Mars. Lamar swept the Rap category, taking home the awards for Best Rap/Rap and Spoken Performance for “Humble” and “Loyalty,” respectively, as well as Best Rap Song for “Humble” and Best Rap Album for Damn. Bruno Mars stole the show, clearing three of the four general awards for Record of The Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year for 24k Magic and “That's What I Like,” respectively, as well as Best R&B Performance and R&B Song (both for “That's What I Like”) and Best R&B Album, again for 24K Magic. Jay-Z, the Grammys Elder and most-nominated artist, went home empty-handed. Lastly, out of a competitive category for Best New Artist, Alessia Cara stood out amongst the rest, beating out charismatic and captivating artists such as Khalid, Lil Uzi Vert, SZA and Julia Michaels.
In addition to the awards themselves, the Grammys have often been a venue for musical artists often cited as some of the most subversive and political public figures, to have their voices heard. They also receive praise for their work, which for many comes from places of passion, activism and self-experience. In as tumultuous of a time as we are currently in, many may criticize artists for using events such as the Grammys as their own “political soapbox.” However, I would posit that everything these artists do, everything they stand for, is inherently political. In a day and age when the transparency of social media, the criticism of activist movements and the pervasive distrust of those who shake the status-quo permeate our society, many artists may feel that it is their responsibility to use their power to say something worthwhile. Many of the evening's performances reflected this notion. From the white outfits displayed proudly during the pre-show red carpet as signs of solidarity to those of the #MeToo and Time's Up movements, to the iconic and dramatic opening performance by Kendrick Lamar, the political tension at the event was tangible even through a screen.
Kendrick Lamar began the show with a striking performance that was one part confrontational commentary and one part grounding reality. They performed their song “XXX” featuring Bono of U2 with commentary by Dave Chapelle. Including strong political symbolism, such as soldiers in fatigues, images of the American Flag, and the inherent criticism of the song choice, the performance set a startling, exciting tone for the show. It also included overt references to gun violence in African-American communities, conveyed through dancers sporting hoodies similar to the one identified in the Shooting of Trayvon Martin.
Following Lamar's performance, Lady Gaga took the stage in a brilliant white gown, performing the ballads “Joanne” and “Million Reasons” on a white piano, draped in the wings of an angel. They ended their performance with the single ultimatum “Time's Up.” Ostensibly this is in reference to the Time's Up movement, founded in early January as a response to the Harvey Weinstein controversy as well as the burgeoning #MeToo movement. Many other artists wore white and/or white roses as a show of solidarity with the victims of sexual assault and harassment in the entertainment industry.
Finally, talk of diversity at the awards show, the history of which has been abysmally white and male, has not ended. With both Drake and Frank Ocean vocally criticizing the show for its lack of black representation and the rampant under-representation of female artists, it's easy to see how award shows such as the Grammys (which aim to represent the pulse of a modern America) are giving rise to protests and boycotts. Lorde, for example, the only female artist up for Album of the Year, declined to perform during the show. Sources cited that this was because they were asked to perform with other artists whereas other Album of the Year artists (all conveniently male) were granted solos.
In all, the Grammys, like every award show, are only as powerful as people believe them to be. With new methods of attaining fame such as YouTube and SoundCloud, historic institutes in industries like music and film will have to work harder to modernize and respond to an increasingly diversified population. Until then, the Grammys will have to do. At least they know how to put on a good show.
When George Lucas was casting for ‘Star Wars' they auditioned nearly every up-and-coming actor in Hollywood. Al Pacino, Christopher Walken, Kurt Russell, Sissy Spacek, all passed through their audition room before they eventually plumped for Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, and a carpenter named Harrison Ford. Those starlets went on to achieve superstardom thanks to Lucas, but they weren't the only icons to feature in the ‘Star Wars' films.
Here are some thespians you never realised journeyed to that galaxy far, far away.
Read more
First Star Wars 8 trailer
Lando not returning in Star Wars 8
Actors who hated being in Star Wars
Environment Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt declined an offer from the White House to help them prepare for what could be a marathon day of testimony before Congress Thursday, electing instead to prepare with a team of the loyal advisors they brought to Washington from Oklahoma, sources tell ABC News.
Interested in Trump Administration? Add Trump Administration as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Trump Administration news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Pruitt's congressional appearances this week could mark the second formal time the Oklahoma native will be confronted with pointed questions about recent reports regarding ethics concerns. Three weeks ago they appeared on Fox News against advice from White House media specialists, the sources said.
During that interview, Pruitt appeared to be on the defensive over a range of issues, including when they were asked about ABC News reports that they rented a $50-a-night condo from the wife of a top Washington lobbyist. “Is draining the swamp renting an apartment from the wife of a Washington lobbyist?” Fox News correspondent Ed Henry asked.
“I don't think that that's even remotely fair to ask that question,” Pruitt responded.
The EPA did not respond to a request for comment on Pruitt's preparations for this week's hearing.
Pruitt has been the focus of a raft of media reports over the past several weeks. Those reports described efforts to secure raises for several of their top aides, despite objections from the White House; costly travel expenses and questionable changes to their office, all done under the guise of boosting security for Pruitt.
But sources familiar with Pruitt's prep sessions for two congressional hearings scheduled for Thursday say the group sessions have focused almost exclusively on policy matters, and not on the multiple looming controversies. Their chief of staff, Oklahoma City native Ryan Jackson, has been quarterbacking the sessions. Earlier this month, it was Jackson who took responsibility for securing raises for several of Pruitt's top aides – something Pruitt said had occurred without their knowledge.
Ahead of the hearings, Pruitt has continued to push the pro-industry agenda that has won them favor with President Trump. This week, Pruitt announced two new directives supported by Congressional Republicans.
On Tuesday, Pruitt unveiled a new rule for how the EPA would limit the use of scientific materials to only research that makes the underlying raw data publicly available. Pruitt says the change will allow for more transparency. Critics, including former EPA administrator Gina McCarthy, say it could disqualify some of the research that forms the basis of regulations intended to protect public health.
A similar change was pushed in legislation by Rep. Lamar Smith, R-Texas., the chairperson of the House Science Committee.
Earlier in the week Pruitt was in Georgia where they announced that as part of the president's existing executive orders to promote American energy independence and roll back regulations the EPA will now consider burning trees and other materials to be a carbon neutral activity, even though the EPA policy document also states that there is scientific disagreement among its scientific advisors over that issue. Both Democrats and Republicans have supported policies opening up investment in this kind of energy, including Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, who has been critical of Pruitt in recent weeks.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Credit card holders will soon pay more. So will people with adjustable-rate mortgages or home equity lines of credit.
But most would-be home buyers needn't worry. And auto loan rates won't likely change much. For savers? Rates should creep up, at least for the highest-yielding CDs and saving accounts, though on average they'll still pay a pittance.
The cumulative impact of another Federal Reserve interest rate hike — its fourth in 18 months — will range widely for individuals and businesses with loans or income-producing accounts.
And the consequences range beyond U.S. shores. A series of Fed hikes generally means that overseas investors in search of interest income can increase their returns by shifting money into the United States. Higher U.S. rates also tend to cause an outflow of capital from developing countries that can ill-afford it.
The most immediate effects, though, are generally on borrowers in the United States. When the Fed lifts the short-term rate it controls by one-quarter of a percentage point, as it did Wednesday, it typically translates into a quarter-point rate increase for credit card debt and home equity lines, as well as for some adjustable mortgages.
Fed policymakers have raised their benchmark rate to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent and indicated that they foresee one additional hike this year, assuming that the economy remains on solid footing.
For someone with a $5,000 credit card balance who makes a minimum payment each month, the Fed's four rate increases since December 2015 equal an additional $700 in payments over the life of the loan, according to Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com.
"That's where consumers are feeling it and are going to continue to feel it," McBride said.
But home and auto loan rates are another story: Despite the Fed's moves, they've barely budged since December 2015, when the central bank announced its first increase after seven years of near-zero rates.
Here are some questions and answers on what the Fed's moves could mean for consumers, businesses, investors and the economy:
___
Q. Why haven't mortgage rates increased?
A. Because fixed-rate mortgage rates don't typically follow the Fed's changes. Sometimes they even move in the opposite direction. So it doesn't necessarily make sense to rush into buying a home or refinancing a mortgage. The hike often won't translate into higher mortgage rates.
Fixed long-term mortgages tend to track the rate on the 10-year Treasury, which, in turn, is influenced by such factors as investors' expectations of future inflation to global demand for U.S. Treasurys.
In December 2015, a week before the first increase, the average 30-year fixed mortgage rate was 4.06 percent, according to Bankrate.com. It actually fell for most of 2016, then jumped later in the year and peaked at 4.44 percent in mid-March this year.
But since then, long-term mortgage rates have declined and are back to almost exactly where they began: The 30-year averaged 4.04 percent last week.
Even the increase that began in late 2016 had little to do with the Fed. Rather, investors dumped Treasurys and bought stocks in anticipation of faster growth and higher inflation after Donald Trump's election. Better growth overseas also raised optimism.
But as Trump's tax and infrastructure spending proposals have stalled, investors' outlooks have dimmed. Demand for the 10-year Treasury has risen, and so its yield has dropped, reducing mortgage rates with it.
Other factors can also keep rates low. When global investors grow nervous, they often pour money into Treasurys because they're seen as ultra-safe. That buying pressure holds down Treasury rates.
___
Q. So where will home loan rates go from here?
A. Hard to tell. The Fed expects to lift its benchmark rate one more time this year and three times in 2018. Eventually, those increases should put upward pressure on mortgage rates, but it's impossible to say when.
Mortgage rates are still very low by historical standards. Before the Great Recession, the 30-year rate had never dipped below 5 percent.
___
Q. How could the Fed's actions affect other countries around the world?
A. Higher rates in the United States tend to attract more investment from overseas. The European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan are still keeping their benchmark rates near zero to try to stimulate those economies. So investors can earn more by investing in dollar-denominated assets.
That inflow pushes up the value of the dollar, which can make U.S. exports costlier overseas. It can also pull money out of developing countries, where rates are usually higher but government bonds carry more risk. A flow of funds out of developing nations can lower their currencies relative to the dollar, making it harder for businesses in those nations to repay debts they have incurred in dollars.
___
Q. My credit rating isn't so great. How will I be affected?
A. Doug Amis, a certified financial planner in Cary, North Carolina, says consumers with less-than-sterling credit can expect to pay more, especially when financing the purchase of a used car.
"There's going to be an opportunity to increase those rates higher," Amis said. "So if you have poor credit, this is going to impact you."
Still, even with another rate hike, the impact on consumers and businesses is likely to remain mild, as rates remain very low, relative to years ago, Amis noted.
___
Q. Have the Fed's moves boosted the puny rates available for savers?
A. In a few cases, yes. McBride says some smaller banks are starting to offer higher rates on CDs and savings accounts than larger banks are. The huge national banks already have "more deposits than they know what to do with," McBride said, so haven't lifted their rates at all.
As a result, the disparity between the smaller local banks and nationwide institutions is widening, they said: "Exploit that difference. It's money in your pocket."
So far, the average rate on a one-year CD has barely risen since the Fed's rate hikes began, inching up from 0.27 percent in December 2015 to 0.35 percent now, according to Bankrate.com. But the highest-yielding CDs have risen from 1.35 percent to 1.5 percent.
___
Q. What if I'm a retiree invested in bonds?
A. Amis says they tell their fixed-income clients not to stress out over another rate hike.
"This is part of investing in fixed income, and it's not a signal to jump ship and go into dividend-paying equities," they said. "I would recommend they stay the course and earn the coupon."
Since rates began rising again, Amis has been advising retirees and others with fixed-income investments like bonds to ensure that their portfolios are balanced between very short-term and long-term bonds. Longer-term bonds typically pay higher rates, and as rates rise, the short-term securities will be replaced with higher-yielding ones.
___
Veiga reported from Los Angeles.
___
Animated explainer: http://bit.ly/2nlGO0K
Marvel Studios is marking its 10th anniversary this year and the Hollywood behemoth has a lot to celebrate.
Since "Iron Man" hit theaters in 2008, Marvel has produced 19 films, netted $14.8 billion in worldwide grosses and become the envy of every studio in Hollywood.
On Thursday, its most ambitious project to date, "Avengers: Infinity War," hits theaters worldwide and is looking at a record-breaking opening that could surpass "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" as the biggest of all-time.
Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige says their theory for filmmaking is simple, however. They say and their team at Marvel just make films that they'd want to watch.
Moscow on Friday faced over 130 fake bomb calls that prompted the evacuation of some 100,000 people from airports, shopping malls, schools, railway stations and office buildings.
Among those targeted by the bomb calls were all four Moscow airports, five railway stations, 15 shopping malls, several hotels, more than 20 schools and many other venues, the state Tass news agency said. No explosives have been found in the anonymous calls.
It was the latest and the most massive flurry of fake bomb threats since a wave of bomb hoaxes began in early September. The fake bomb threats have affected dozens of Russian cities and incurred massive economic damages.
Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the Federal Security Service (FSB), the main KGB successor, said Thursday the agency had tracked down four people suspected of engineering the wave of hoaxes.
Bortnikov said the suspects were Russians living abroad who had accomplices inside the country, but they wouldn't identify them or describe their motives. They added that the perpetrators were using internet connections to make the calls, making them hard to identify.
Russian media have speculated that the fake calls might have been launched from neighboring Ukraine, which has been angry with Russia for its support of separatists in eastern Ukraine, or staged by other Kremlin foes. There has been no evidence to back any of the theories, however.
John shares this latest news on behalf of the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
The Isle of Wight already has five neighbourhood plans – Brighstone, Brading, Bembridge, Freshwater and Gurnard.Ed
More communities across England will be able to get free access to expert advice and guidance to help make their neighbourhood vision a reality, Housing Minister Dominic Raab announced today (Monday 19 March).
A £23 million fund – being delivered by Locality and Groundwork – will help local groups to develop neighbourhood plans. These plans give local people a say in the development of their area, including where homes, schools and businesses should be built, how they should look and what infrastructure is needed to support them.
What's on offer
Community groups will be able to access a range of free help including financial support and latest planning expertise from trained professionals, to guide them through the process of preparing a neighbourhood plan.
Housing and Planning Minister Dominic Raab said:
“Neighbourhood plans are a powerful tool to help communities shape their local area, making sure the right homes are built in the right places. “It's vital that communities have the right support and advice available to help deliver a plan that meets their own ambitious aspirations. That's why I'm making £23m available that will help more groups to do this.”
530 plans approved
Over 2,300 communities across England have started the process of neighbourhood planning, with 530 plans approved in local referendums.
Previous government support has helped around 7 out of 10 of these communities progress their plans, with 365 neighbourhood plans finalised using support provided by the government.
The maximum grant available has also been increased by £2,000 to £17,000, helping communities to access more resources to develop a plan for their area.
Community groups can find our more information about how to apply for funding via a new Website. Applications to bid for funding will open on 3 April 2018.
Image: © CreditDebitPro
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio, Oh (7), Tepera (8) and Maile; Rodriguez, Barnes (7), B.Johnson (9), Kimbrel (9) and C.Vazquez. W_Rodriguez 6-1. L_Gaviglio 2-1. Sv_Kimbrel (18). HRs_Toronto, Hernandez (8). Boston, Nunez (4), Martinez (18).
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez, Volstad (3), Avilan (4), Rondon (5), Fry (6), N.Jones (7), Soria (8) and Narvaez; Kluber, Beliveau (7), Marshall (8), B.Taylor (9) and Gomes. W_Kluber 8-2. L_Lopez 1-4. HRs_Chicago, Sanchez (3). Cleveland, Ramirez (17), Encarnacion (13).
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel, McHugh (6) and Stassi; L.Severino, Robertson (8), Chapman (9) and Romine. W_L.Severino 8-1. L_Keuchel 3-7. Sv_Chapman (12). HRs_Houston, Stassi (5).
___
Los Angeles 001 000 000—1 7 0 Detroit 100 005 00x—6 9 0
Ohtani, Bedrosian (6), J.Johnson (6), Morris (8) and Maldonado; Fiers, Jimenez (8), Greene (9) and Greiner. W_Coleman 2-0. L_Bedrosian 1-1.
___
Minnesota 001 124 000— 8 11 0 Kansas City 270 000 11x—11 16 0
Romero, Slegers (2), Pressly (8) and B.Wilson; Keller, Oaks (4), Smith (5), Flynn (6), McCarthy (7), Hill (8), Herrera (9) and S.Perez. W_McCarthy 4-2. L_Romero 2-2. Sv_Herrera (12). HRs_Minnesota, Dozier (8), Adrianza (1). Kansas City, Moustakas (12), Soler (8), Dozier (1).
___
INTERLEAGUE Washington 001 000 100—2 7 0 Baltimore 000 000 000—0 4 0
Scherzer, Doolittle (9) and P.Severino; Hess, M.Castro (7), Hart (8), Wright Jr. (9) and Sisco. W_Scherzer 9-1. L_Hess 2-2. Sv_Doolittle (13). HRs_Washington, Harper (18).
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
Reyes, Gant (5), Lyons (7), Tuivailala (7) and Kelly; Guerra, Jeffress (7), Hader (8), Knebel (9) and Kratz, Pina. W_Jeffress 5-0. L_Tuivailala 1-1. Sv_Knebel (5). HRs_St. Louis, Bader (5). Milwaukee, Yelich (7).
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano, W.Peralta (6), Hughes (7), Garrett (7), R.Iglesias (8) and Barnhart; Corbin, Salas (7), Chafin (8), McFarland (9) and Murphy. W_Romano 3-6. L_Corbin 5-2. Sv_R.Iglesias (9). HRs_Cincinnati, Schebler (6), Duvall (10). Arizona, Goldschmidt (7), Murphy (7).
___
Chicago 100 000 000—1 9 1 Pittsburgh 110 000 00x—2 9 0
Hendricks, R.Rosario (6), Mazzoni (7), J.Wilson (7) and Contreras; Musgrove, Crick (8), F.Vazquez (9) and Cervelli. W_Musgrove 2-0. L_Hendricks 4-4. Sv_F.Vazquez (10). HRs_Pittsburgh, Harrison (2).
___
New York 000 100 111—4 9 1 Atlanta 000 000 100—1 5 0
Vargas, T.Peterson (6), Familia (8), Gsellman (9) and Plawecki; Teheran, Carle (8), S.Freeman (8), Socolovich (9) and Suzuki. W_Vargas 2-3. L_Teheran 4-3. Sv_Gsellman (2). HRs_Atlanta, Camargo (4).
___
San Francisco 020 220 010—7 11 0 Colorado 310 000 000—4 11 0
Holland, Moronta (6), Watson (7), S.Dyson (8), Strickland (9) and Posey; Gray, Musgrave (4), Oberg (6), McGee (8), Rusin (9) and Wolters. W_Holland 3-6. L_Musgrave 0-1. Sv_Strickland (11). HRs_Colorado, Arenado (11).
The Linden native birdied the final two holes to post a one-shot victory over teammate Josh Wiseman at Windtree Golf Club in Mt. Juliet. They posted a four-under 67 with seven birdies in the first round and added four more birdies in the final-round 68 for their second individual win of the year.
Cumberland will begin play in the Mid-South Conference Championships next Monday at Bowling Green (Ky.) Country Club.
Click image for a larger image
One year ago when the J Class fleet was at it hammer and tongs, racing their first regatta of a historic season, the newly launched Svea was in Europe still completing first sea trials.
Sunday they secured their first regatta victory together when they won the J Class at the popular Caribbean event, the St Barths Bucket.
Showing benefits from a winter of work rebalancing and optimising, as well as ever-improving crew work and cohesion, Svea won four of the event's five races and were only denied a clean sweep by the wily, benchmark crew on Velsheda who won today.
They seized the lead from Svea just over halfway around the 20 nautical miles clockwise circuit around the island of St Barths and never gave it up.
Click image for a larger image
After launching last year, it became apparent that Svea – which was built to an adapted original design by Tore Holm to have a centreboard – suffered from lee helm.
That was an ongoing niggle last season.
Just three races in, in Bermuda, a furling swivel gave way. The crew only just saved the rig, but their America's Cup J Class Regatta was over.
Immediately another race against time ensued, battling to be ready for the J Class World Championship in Newport, RI.
And even here in St Barths they started on the back foot.
Their long planned pre-regatta week of training was stymied because the swell was too big to land the shipping containers with all their race sails and hardware.
Click image for a larger image
All in all, that made winning today extra sweet for the Svea crew.
"We are so excited to win. It is incredible for all of us." smiled Svea's delighted project manager and tactician Charlie Ogletree, "And we are so thankful to Tom (the owner) for what they have done for us and they have done an incredible job driving this week."
Svea had some area added to the leading edge of the keel and extended the length of the boom.
In 1937 the boat was designed with a 12 foot long centreboard (which is not permitted under current class rules). The balance was not perfect.
Svea has gained a small improvement in rating as their wetted surface has increased (due to the additional keel area) but is acknowledged this week as being quick downwind especially.
2018 St Barths Bucket, Day 4 Round the Island Race
1st Velsheda 2 hrs 23 min 47 sec
2nd Svea 2 hrs 25 mins 16 sec
3rd Topaz 2hrs 28mins 3sec
St Barths Bucket - Overall Results
1st Svea 6pts
2nd Velsheda 12pts
3rd Topaz 13pts
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
G New
19 March 2018 22:44 GMT
FEMA officials have announced debris removal operations related to the August 2016 flooding will end on Monday, December 11.
Baton Rouge residents in the city and in unincorporated areas of East Baton Rouge Parish who are still in need to flood debris removal must move all debris to the curb.
Once debris is placed on the curbside, residents must immediately report the location of the debris by going online here, or by calling the EBR debris removal hotline at 1-888-721-4372. This will help to ensure debris removal teams have a record of residents' locations where debris still needs to be picked up.
If debris is not placed on the curb by Monday and reported online or via the hotline, there is no guarantee it will be picked up. Construction and reconstruction waste material is not eligible for FEMA reimbursement and will not be collected by debris removal crews. Disposal of such materials is the responsibility of the homeowner and/or contractor. Residents using contractors to rebuild should make sure to have a written agreement with a licensed contractor with plans about how the waste will be disposed of.
To locate a licensed contractor, residents should visit the Louisiana State Licensing Board for Contractor's website here.
Once debris removal operations are complete, residents will be responsible for bringing any remaining debris to the North Landfill, located at 16001 Samuels Rd., or placing smaller debris items into garbage cans for normal collection.
Since debris removal operations began on August 20, 2016, it has been one of the largest flood debris removal efforts in US history. For more information on debris collection and to track the progress of the effort, click here.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
There's still a chance for you to participate in two more relays for life events before they wrap up for the summer! Jessica Poff joins us to…
In the latest preview of the operating system's fall feature upgrade, Microsoft has mandated that its built-in Edge browser handle the opening of links within the Windows Mail app
Microsoft will try a new way to push Windows 10 users into running Edge, forcing links opened from the Windows Mail app and its messages to display in the browser.
Normally, links embedded in messages retrieved by the Windows Mail app open in the default browser, which may be an Edge rival if the user has set one.
In the latest preview of Windows 10's fall feature upgrade, currently known as 1809 in Microsoft's yymm label format, Microsoft has mandated that Edge assume responsibilities for opening links within messages.
"We will begin testing a change where links clicked on within the Windows Mail app will open in Microsoft Edge, which provides the best, most secure and consistent experience on Windows 10 and across your devices," announced Dona Sarkar and Brandon LeBlanc, the Microsoft employees who most often speak for the Insider preview team, in a post to a company blog last week.
The change was added to build 17623 of the "Skip Ahead" version of Windows Insider.
The Skip Ahead builds are offered to the limited number of Insider participants whom Microsoft lets continue with the latest code during the month or longer run-up to a release of one of the twice-annual feature upgrades. Microsoft will ship the spring upgrade, designated as 1803, sometime in early April.
Although Sarkar and LeBlanc trumpeted Edge's security and battery life in their post, they said nothing about what must almost certainly be the real reason for the move: To make Windows 10 users run Edge, if only in circumscribed circumstances.
Microsoft has good reason to up the pressure on users.
Since it debuted as the default within Windows 10 nearly three years ago, Edge's user share of the browsers run under the OS has been in steady decline.
In February, Edge accounted for a record-low percentage - less than 12% of all Windows 10 systems - which represented a nearly-two-percentage-point decline from the month before. And Edge's continued slide has been in the face of Windows 10's own growing share.
Windows 10 last month powered 39% of all Windows PCs. In other words, the more people who run Windows 10, the less they collectively like Edge.
The forced-link-opening maneuver wasn't Microsoft's first attempt to inflate Edge's usage. From Windows 10's mid-2015 launch, Microsoft has made it difficult to switch to a competitor as the operating system's default and has regularly reversed any user changes with new feature upgrades.
The company has also promoted Edge as a power miser, restricted its Cortana voice-activated assistant to the browser and even marketed an Edge rewards program.
None of those plays have halted the browser's decline.
It was unclear whether the Edge-related change introduced in build 17623 will remain in place long enough to appear in the 1809 feature upgrade later this year. Sarkar and LeBlanc left room for back-pedaling.
"As always, we look forward to feedback from our WIP [Windows Insider Program] community," the two wrote, implying that if customers turned thumbs down, Microsoft might rethink the maneuver.
Police are backing our campaign calling for the Government to improve road safety on the A19.
We launched our petition last week after the latest two serious collisions on the busy road.
Anything that keeps our road users and wider communities safer is a step in the right direction Chief Inspector Dave Guthrie, Northumbria Police Operations Department
Hundreds of you have already signed the petition and now a senior Northumbria Police officer has insisted that anything which improves safety is welcomed.
Chief Inspector Dave Guthrie, of the force's Operations Department, said: “We take public safety very seriously here at Northumbria Police, especially on our road network.
“It is a shared responsibility to keep our roads safe and our Motor Patrol Officers work tirelessly with our partners to ensure laws are adhered to and that people are driving with care and diligence.
“The A19 is often very busy and unfortunately incidents do happen on this stretch of road.
“Anything that keeps our road users and wider communities safer is a step in the right direction.”
The petition states: “The people of the North East, backed by the Sunderland Echo, Shields Gazette and Hartlepool Mail, call on the Government to carry out an inquiry into safety on the A19.
“Last year alone, there were more than 70 people injured as a result of crashes on the stretch between Wolviston and Boldon.
“This is too many collisions and it simply cannot go on.
“Added to the danger to drivers and passengers, the problems are bringing the North East and its economy to a halt - more must be done to get us moving forward.
“With the backing of North East MPs, including Easington MP Grahame Morris, we want the Department for Transport to look at this issue and take action to protect our region and its people for generations to come.”
To back the campaign, visit: www.change.org/p/department-for-transport-safe-a19-a-call-for-an-inquiry-into-safety-on-the-dual-carriageway-through-the-north-east
GO ANYWHERE!
Shreveport Louisiana (2/13/17): SkyRunner, LLC manufacturer of the SkyRunner vehicle is elevating the off-road industry to new heights. The dual purpose, FAA approved off-road aircraft combines the thrill of a side by side with the unparalleled freedom of an aircraft.
Featuring a unique dual engine powertrain, a trusted Polaris ProStar 1000 engine powers the ground system while a Rotax 914 UL light-sport aircraft engine enables SkyRunner to take flight. Using the latest ram-air parafoil wing technology, renowned for its safety due to inherent stability, control and resistance to stalls, SkyRunner can reach air speeds of 40mph for a distance of 120 nautical miles. When not in use, the wing conveniently folds snugly into a bag that rides behind the rear passenger.
SkyRunner's hybrid composite chassis, carbon fiber body paneling and fighter jet inspired cockpit is like something out of a James Bond movie, but this ultimate adventure vehicle isn't afraid to get dirty. Maxxis Bighorn tires supply the traction and FOX Piggyback shocks are ready to tame any off-road terrain. When you're ready to bug out, there's no need to look for an asphalt runway. SkyRunner can take flight with just 450 feet of terra firma.
“We set out to build the ultimate adventure vehicle but have since discovered it fills tremendous gaps as a tool,” said SkyRunner CEO Stewart Hamel. “Designed initially as a toy, the market has translated SkyRunner to be a low cost, high utility multimodal tool for ranchers, law enforcement, boarder security, and even department of defense agencies. With operating costs of approximately $50 an hour, SkyRunner will take you places no pickup truck or UTV can go and at a fraction of the cost of a helicopter.”
In 2016, The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) awarded SkyRunner the coveted Special Light-Sport Aircraft classification. Light Sport Aircraft (LSA) are targeted to recreational pilots who primarily fly for fun. LSA's are designed to be affordable and easy to operate. SkyRunner is factory built and a ready-to-fly aircraft. An off-road enthusiast can earn a Sport Pilot's license in 8 days and just 12 hours of flight training (weather permitting). Sport pilots can legally and safely use 98 percent of US airspace without having to talk to air traffic controllers (ATC). No Airports are required with SkyRunner.
SkyRunner retails for $139,000 and is available today for purchase from the factory direct. http://www.flyskyrunner.com/ buy-now A network of SkyRunner Authorized Dealers will be in place in the south and southwest, within the year.
SkyRunner will be on display at a host of events around the country in 2017 and interested persons can contact SkyRunner about a test flight by visiting their website at www.FlySkyRunner.com. Keep up with SkyRunner on social media by following @FlySkyRunner on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter and see the SkyRunner in action at http://www.flyskyrunner.com/ videos/
About SkyRunner
Anaheim Ducks goalie John Gibson got all the cushion they needed five minutes into a game against the Western Conference-leading Minnesota Wild on a night teammate Antoine Vermette was ejected for slashing a ref.
Gibson made 37 saves for their fourth shutout of the season, rookie Joseph Cramarossa scored their fourth goal and Anaheim beat Minnesota 1-0 on Tuesday night.
Vermette was ejected in the third period with a game misconduct for abuse of an official. After losing a faceoff near center ice, Vermette used their stick to hit the linesman on the back of the legs. Vermette will face a suspension, with the number of games based on the category decided by officials. NHL rules state deliberately applying physical force on an official results in an automatic 10-game suspension.
Gibson stalled the league's fourth-highest scoring team, and the Ducks beat former coach Bruce Boudreau for the first time in three meetings this season.
"You never know what's going to happen, but I think it's a pretty rare situation that an early goal in the first holds up," Cramarossa said. "But it is what it is. ... Gibby stood on their head there to not let any in for them. We'll take it, and we're going home now for a little home stretch."
The Wild were 0 for 5 on the power play and lost in regulation for the first time in six games and the fifth time since the start of December, a span of 34 games. Devan Dubnyk made 22 saves.
"You could tell very early on, or I could — maybe I know them a little bit — but they were really on their game and it was going to take something special to beat him," Boudreau said of Gibson. "But we couldn't find that."
Cramarossa scored for the first time in 16 games 4:38 into the first period. Corey Perry's shot from Dubnyk's left side was stopped, but the puck dropped near Dubnyk's feet and Cramarossa alertly tapped it in.
"It was in the net pretty fast, and that's my job to try tidy up rebounds," Dubnyk said. "But that's why you throw the puck at the net from bad angles."
Following the goal, Anaheim went nearly 10 minutes without a shot.
Minnesota had 13 shots on goal in the first period and then peppered Gibson in the second with another 16 shots. The Wild outshot the Ducks 37-23 in the game.
Closing against Anaheim has proven to be a tough task for any team this season. The Ducks have allowed the fewest third-period goals in the NHL this season.
Minnesota had plenty of chances. The closest was Christian Folin's slap shot early in the third that deflected hard off the post behind Gibson. The Wild were shutout for the second time at home this season.
Minnesota had scored four power-play goals in the past two games and had 13 in its previous 13 home games. The Wild were a league-best 30.1 percent on the power play at home this season heading into the game and sixth overall.
"He's played great," Anaheim center Ryan Getzlaf said of Gibson. "He played good again tonight. The shot totals, they took a lot of shots, they were throwing everything at the net from the corners, everything. We got a few bounces and our goaltender played great. It was an ugly hockey game, but we'll take it and go home."
NOTES: Anaheim scratched D Sami Vatanen for the fifth straight game with a lower-body injury. The team listed them as day-to-day. ... Minnesota scratched D Matt Dumba for the second game in a row with a lower-body injury. ... The Wild reassigned C Tyler Graovac to Iowa of the American Hockey League after they cleared waivers. ... The Ducks finished a season-long, six-game road trip at 2-3-1. Their last home game was Jan. 31.
UP NEXT
Ducks: Return home Friday night against the Florida Panthers.
Wild: Host the Dallas Stars on Thursday night.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
1241 81st Ave.
8656 MacArthur Blvd.
1929 26th Ave.
4220 Aberfoil Ave.
1921 26th Ave., #24
According to rental site Zumper , the median cost of a 1-bedroom in Oakland is around $2,100/month--but what does the low-end pricing on a rental actually look like?We searched listings for studios and 1-bedroom apartments to find the cheapest listings available right now, but these prices and availability are subject to change.Listed at $1,000/month, this 180-square-foot studio apartment at 1241 81st Ave. in Fitchburg is 39.4 percent less than the median rent for a studio in Oakland, currently estimated at around $1,650/month.This studio features tile flooring, wooden cabinets and granite countertops, but pets are not allowed.Per Walk Score ratings, this location is friendly for those on foot, is fairly bikeable and has good transit options.(See the complete listing here .)Here's a 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment at 8656 MacArthur Blvd. in Toler Heights that's going for $1,625/month.Amenities on the building include on-site laundry, assigned parking and storage space. The apartment features hardwood floors, granite countertops and plenty of cabinet space, but pets are not permitted.According to Walk Score, the surrounding area is car-dependent, has minimal bike infrastructure and has solid transit options.(See the full listing here .)Then there's this 450-square-foot apartment with one bedroom and one bathroom at 1929 26th Ave. in Reservoir Hill/Meadow Brook that's listed at $1,649/month.Building amenities include on-site laundry and secured entry, but pets are not allowed. The unit features hardwood floors, custom cabinets, stainless steel appliances and a ceiling fan.Walk Score indicates that the surrounding area is quite walkable, has some bike infrastructure and offers many nearby public transportation options.(See the listing here .)Listed at $1,725/month, this 700-square-foot, 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment is located at 4220 Aberfoil Ave. in Chabot Park.In the unit, the listing promises hardwood floors, in-unit laundry, stainless steel appliances, a swimming pool and a large backyard. Good news for pet guardians: cats and dogs are permitted.Per Walk Score ratings, the surrounding area requires a car for most errands, isn't particularly bikeable and offers limited transit options.(Here's the listing .)This 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment, situated at 1921 26th Ave. in Reservoir Hill/ Meadow Brook, is listed for $1,749/month for its 550-square-feet of space.Amenities offered in the unit include hardwood floors, custom cabinets, stainless steel appliances, in-unit laundry and secured entry, but animals are not permitted.Per Walk Score ratings, the surrounding area is friendly for those on foot, is bikeable and offers many nearby public transportation options.(See the listing here .)---
WASHINGTON (AP) — The game will go on.
The annual Congressional Baseball Game, which dates to 1909 and is a summertime tradition on Capitol Hill, will be played Thursday despite Wednesday's shooting at the GOP squad's practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
It's an annual tradition in which aging former Little Leaguers don their spikes and dust off their gloves in a game played for bragging rights and to benefit several charities. It's also a somewhat rare example of bipartisanship in an increasingly polarized Washington.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., assured lawmakers assembled at a members' briefing that the game will be played as scheduled, prompting a standing ovation.
"It will be 'Play Ball!' tomorrow night at 7:05," said Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, the longtime manager of the GOP squad.
Once a relatively cozy affair, played at a minor league ballpark in Maryland, the game has gone big time in recent years and has been played at Nationals Park, just a few blocks from the Capitol.
"We do it for really three reasons. We do it for fellowship amongst ourselves. We do it for charity," Barton said. "We raise a lot of money for three charities. And we do it because we like to play baseball and try to recapture a little bit of our youth. It's a positive thing. Of all the things Congress does, this is one of the most benign, positive activities."
Members of Congress practice for months for the event, and typically don the jerseys of a team from back home. The Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call sponsors the game and awards a trophy once a side wins three of five games.
"It's a good way raise money for charity and for members to get to know each other," said Rep. Cedric Richmond, D-La., whose election in 2010 upended the competitive balance of the annual event. Richmond played baseball in college and kicked off their congressional career with a one-hitter in 2011 and has been the game's dominant player pretty much since then.
Last year, however, Democrats lost the game 8-7, ending a seven-game winning streak that mostly coincided with Richmond joining the Democratic side.
"I was fresh off of surgery, but they made more plays than we made last year," Richmond told reporters. "This was a year we wanted to get even."
Congressional leaders typically attend the event and former President Barack Obama — famous for shunning opportunities to rub shoulders with lawmakers — even went two years ago, watching from the Democratic dugout. Obama's appearance came as they were struggling to win Democratic votes for an unpopular trade-related measure.
President Donald Trump will not be attending Thursday's game, however, due to security concerns.
"While the president would like to attend the game and show their support for all of these brave public servants, they have been advised that there is not enough time to follow Secret Service protocols," Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday.
To lawmakers, the annual game is one of the better opportunities for lawmakers to get to know each other outside of their partisan roles.
"The things that used to bring members together, whether it's travel - that's frowned upon. If you belong to the gym, they think 'well, that's a perk you shouldn't have,'" said Rep. Mike Doyle of Pennsylvania, the manager of the Democratic team. "All the chances to interact with each other outside our suits, and outside floor debate, are few and far between."
___
Online: https://www.congressionalbaseball.org/
A quaint Virginia college town still wrestling with the legacy of slavery became the scene of deadly protests this weekend as white nationalists and other right-wing groups clashed with counterprotesters over the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a city park.
Men carrying Confederate flags stood side by side with the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis and rifle-toting militia members in Charlottesville at a rally dubbed "Unite the Right." Chanting "You will not replace us," they exchanged blows and volleys of pepper spray with protesters opposed to their presence.
As police dispersed the crowds, a car plowed into counterprotesters, killing one person and injuring 19 others. At least 15 people were also injured in skirmishes.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency and called in the National Guard. The Southern Poverty Law Center described the event as possibly the "largest hate-gathering of its kind in decades."
But who are white nationalists and what do they want?
What is white nationalism?
The term white nationalism originated as a euphemism for white supremacy, the belief that white people are superior to all other races and should therefore dominate society, according to Oren Segal, director of the Anti-Defamation League Center on Extremism.
People who hold these beliefs sometimes go by other names, including Alt-Right, Identarians and race realists. However, this is simply a rebranding -- "a new name for this old hatred," Segal said.
Richard Spencer, president of the National Policy Institute and the editor of Radix Journal, is credited with coining the term Alt-Right.
"I don't use the term white nationalist to describe myself," they said.
"I like the term Alt-Right. It has an openness to it. And immediately understandable. We're coming from a new perspective."
Why white nationalists are drawn to Charlottesville
Other white supremacist groups include the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis. But most white supremacists aren't affiliated with an organized group, Segal said. Some also take measures to distance themselves from known hate groups, like the KKK.
"This lack of affiliation makes them harder to track, and also means that any groups that do emerge tend to be extremely flexible and porous," they added.
Some Klansmen still favor white robes and hoods. But groups like the Alt-Right, overwhelmingly made up of Millennial men, prefer khakis and collared shirts. They're active on social media and employ irony and humor in their messaging, Segal said.
But the goal is the same: a white ethno-state where each race lives in a separate nation.
White supremacists and their ilk see diversity as a threat, Segal said. A popular white supremacist slogan is, "Diversity is a code word for white genocide."
George Hawley, a political scientist at the University of Alabama, said a sense of white victimhood is key to the movement.
"There is a sense that whites are under siege and being deliberately dispossessed by hostile elites who wish to usher in a new multicultural order," Hawley said.
"They dislike the culturally-foreign immigrants who enter the United States and work for low wages, and they dislike the political and economic elites that invite them in. They are also hostile to the media and academia, which they contend push an anti-white message."
What would a white nationalist US look like?
You're getting a glimpse of it right now, according to Daryl Johnson, owner of domestic terror monitoring group DT Analytics and a former counterterrorism expert at the Department of Homeland Security.
"The anti-immigration xenophobia is rising," Johnson said. "US policy is becoming more isolationist -- the building of the (border) wall, the travel ban, mass deportations. These were ideas that I read about 10, 15 years ago on white supremacist message boards. Now they're being put forth as policy."
Johnson recounted a chilling chapter from "The Turner Diaries," a fictional account of a white supremacist guerrilla army that has been called the "bible of the racist right."
The chapter is titled, "The Day of the Rope" and describes mass lynchings of thousands of "race traitors."
"The 'Turner Diaries' laid out a vision of the US under white supremacist government," they said. "People would walk outside and literally see for as far as they could see people hanging from street lights in nooses."
Heidi Beirich, director of the Intelligence Project at the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups and extremists, said some white supremacists advocate genocide and ethnic cleansing. "You would have to forcibly remove people," they said. "This is cattle-cart stuff. It also shows that their plans aren't very well thought out. They're at best aspirational."
Instead, Beirich envisioned a tyrannical government.
"All civil rights for nonwhites would be removed," they said. "All political power would be in the hands of white people, in particular white men because this movement is an extremely male and, many would say, toxically masculine movement. They also have pretty retrograde views about what women should be doing."
They added, "If anything, their vision of America's future looks a lot like the 1600s or perhaps earlier."
Experts agree that the possibility of such a society developing in reality is extremely remote. "Real political leadership is so far from reality you aren't going to find much in the way of Alt-Right policy papers with detailed instructions for different government agencies," Hawley said.
Segal called it a "dystopian fantasy that has virtually no chance of actually happening."
"But it's safe to say that a white nationalist state is not a place most Americans of all races would want to find themselves living."
How much of a threat do these groups pose?
Because few white supremacists belong to organized groups, it's difficult to assess the size of their movement and the threat they pose.
The Alt-Right, for example, has no formal organization or membership, and most who identify as such are "anonymous and online," according to Hawley.
But Segal said the Alt-Right appears to be growing, with more adherents moving from a largely online presence to engaging in events like the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville.
"They want to take advantage of the current political climate, which they feel is unprecedentedly welcoming to their world view," Segal said. "The outcome of the Charlottesville rally and other events this year will provide them a pretty clear idea of just how welcome their views actually are -- and will undoubtedly help shape their plans for the coming months."
Johnson placed the number of white supremacists connected to groups like the KKK, neo-Nazis, Aryan prison gangs and skinheads "probably in the hundreds of thousands in the United States."
The Southern Poverty Law Center counts more than 900 hate groups in the US, compared to about 600 in 2000, Beirich said. However, not all of them are white supremacist groups.
Many "Unite the Right" rally participants have latched onto President Donald Trump's controversial comments about Muslims and Mexicans, according to Beirich.
"They feel validated," they said. "They feel like all of a sudden we can be a part of the political system. The history of the last few decades of white supremacy in this country is that they viewed both the Republicans and the Democrats as a waste of time. In other words, politics was a dead end for them. But that has all changed with Trump."
Before Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke called the "Unite the Right" rally a fulfillment of the promises of President Trump.
"This represents a turning point for the people of this country," Duke said at the rally. "We are determined to take our country back. We're going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump, and that's what we believed in. That's why we voted for Donald Trump, because they said he's going to take our country back and that's what we have to do."
Trump, who condemned Saturday's violence, has sought to distance themselves from Duke and white supremacist groups.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides," Trump said on Saturday.
However, their comment sparked outrage from critics, who said the President should have been more direct and forceful in condemning white supremacy and not equating the violence of counterprotesters with that of hate groups.
Beirich said the far right has inspired violence across the nation, including the fatal stabbing in May of two men who defended a 16-year-old and their Muslim friend in Portland, Oregon, the stabbing death of a young black student that same month at the University of Maryland, and the racially-motivated stabbing death of a 66-year-old black man in New York in March.
"When we took a look at lone wolf attacks inspired by radical right ideas in the last five years of the Obama administration, there was an attack or attempted plot every 34 days in the US," they said.
ADL research found that people with ties to the far right were responsible for 74% of homicides by extremists in the US between 2007 to 2016, according to Segal.
"Extremists of all kinds are always a threat," they said, "but when any extremist group feels emboldened, that's cause for serious concern."
TUNIS, Tunisia (AP) — Tunisia's Interior Ministry says a suspected extremist blew themselves up in the Ben Guerdane area near the border with Libya following a standoff with police.
The man's identity hasn't been disclosed. The ministry said in a statement issued Monday that a second suspect was shot during an exchange of fire.
Authorities said the two were members of Jund al-Khilafa, an armed group which has pledged allegiance to the Islamic State.
Tunisia's security forces battled armed groups that attacked security and military sites in Ben Guerdane two years ago with the alleged goal of creating an emirate. Some of the groups crossed over from Libya.
Tunisian security forces killed more than 50 alleged attackers. More than a dozen officers and seven civilians also died.
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks are climbing Wednesday morning, recovering some of the ground they lost the day before, as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks are rising along with bond yields after outsize losses a day ago. Big dividend payers are lagging the market, also a reversal from the previous day. European indexes are higher and the euro is rising compared to the dollar.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index gained 13 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,703 as of 10 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 115 points, or 0.5 percent, to 24,477. The Nasdaq composite added 32 points, or 0.4 percent, to 7,428. The Russell 2000 index leaped 17 points, or 1.1 percent, to 1,640, which put the index on pace for another record close. The Russell fare far better than the rest of the market on Tuesday.
ITALY IN FOCUS: Stocks in the U.S. and Europe sank Tuesday as investors worried that Italy would have new elections in a few months and that the vote would become a referendum on whether Italy, the third-largest economy in Europe, would stay in the euro. On Wednesday, premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli said there were "new possibilities" to form a government.
Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 1.8 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
EUROPE: The euro rose to $1.1627 from $1.1531 a day earlier, which was its lowest level in almost a year. The dollar rose to 108.88 yen from 108.24 yen.
Germany's DAX climbed 0.7 percent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.3 percent. The CAC 40 in France lost 0.3 percent.
EARNINGS: Wall Street continued to pore over quarterly results from retailers. Dick's Sporting Goods soared 19 percent to $36.26 after it raised its annual profit forecast. Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales. Printer and PC maker HP also raised its profit projections after its earnings and sales surpassed analyst estimates. HP climbed 2.4 percent to $21.81. Watchmaker Movado Group rallied 17.7 percent to $49.68.
Clothing company Chico's FAS plunged 23 percent to $7.69 after its profit fell short of expectations and shoe retailer DSW gave up some of its gains from earlier in the year as it lost 10.4 percent to $23.35. Luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 11.2 percent to $60.59.
BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.83 percent from 2.79 percent.
ENERGY: Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 0.7 percent to $67.22 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 1.3 percent to $76.47 a barrel in London.
SURVEY SAYS: A survey by payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May. That's a solid number even though it's not as many jobs as they added over the winter.
ASIA: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 percent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
RICHMOND HILL, Ont. — The man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto had spent two months with the Canadian Armed Forces last year, and was considered a below-average recruit who wasn't adjusting well to military life, a defence source said Tuesday.
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23, 2017, until Oct. 25, 2017, a spokesperson with the Department of National Defence said.
"He did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training," said Jessica Lamirande.
Minassian, a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, Ont., was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder in Monday's alleged van attack. Police said they will soon face an additional count of attempted murder.
A source with the military told The Canadian Press that Minassian attended the leadership and recruit school at St-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Que., and noted that they did not receive any weapons training while there.
The source said Minassian was assessed as a below-average recruit but noted that there were no red flags to suggest something like the van incident he's alleged to have been involved in was coming.
Ten people were killed and 14 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk and drove into pedestrians along a busy stretch of a north Toronto street Monday afternoon. Minassian was arrested a short time later.
Facebook has confirmed that a widely circulated post that praises Elliot Rodger, who killed six people and then themselves at the University of California in 2014, appears to have come from Minassian's account, though it says it's impossible to know who was using the account at the time the post was made.
Det. Sgt. Graham Gibson mentioned the post at a news conference Tuesday.
"As has been reported in the media, the accused is alleged to have posted a cryptic message on Facebook minutes before they began driving the rented van," they said. "It's something that we'll take into account in this investigation."
Apple announced the April 7th opening of an Apple Store in the Shinjuku Marui building in Tokyo. More accurately for a Western audience, the store will be in the Marui building in the Shinjuku district in Tokyo. It will be the 8th Apple Store in Japan, or the 9th if you count Apple Watch at Isetan Shinjuku.
Marui is a cross between a department store and a mall, and the Shinjuku district offers some of the best high-end shopping in the world. In other words Apple is opening another high store in a high-end destination retail market.
The store is set to open at 10:0 AM local on April 7th.
By YOUKYUNG LEE
AP Business Writer
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - The chairperson of South Korea's Asiana Airlines apologized Wednesday for inflight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a supplier to one of its catering companies.
Park Sam-koo, chairperson of the country's second-largest air carrier, said they felt a moral responsibility after the boss of a company that had been helping supply the meals killed himself, according to media reports citing police.
"I express my deep apology to the bereaved family," Park said at a press conference. "I'm sincerely sorry to the passengers whose work got disrupted due to flight delays and who experienced inconveniences due to the lack of food."
The apology came as criticism mounted over reports linking the apparent suicide to pressure from Asiana on its caterer.
Asiana Airlines said 114 out of 310 flights had left South Korea without meals since Sunday. Most were short-haul flights to Asian destinations. Passengers were given vouchers that could be used to purchase duty-free items on Asiana flights.
Many flights were delayed by more than an hour as meals arrived late. Asiana said as of Wednesday, the problem had been resolved.
It arose after the airline tried to change its meal catering service.
A fire at the factory of Gate Gourmet Korea, Asiana's new supplier delayed meal supplies while the previous catering service ended in June. The airline temporarily hired another catering service that had to ramp up output to 20,000 meals per day from 3,000 meals per day to meet Asiana's needs. The company whose boss killed himself, was a supplier to that caterer.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sushma Swaraj said that a deep penetration radar confirmed that all the 39 Indians were dead after all bodies were exhumed from the ground. They further said that the DNA samples of 38 people have matched while around 70% DNA accuracy has been achieved for the 39th person. The mortal remains have been sent to Baghdad for the verification of the bodies.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Tuesday confirmed in Parliament that the 39 Indians who were kidnapped in Iraq's Mosul in June 2014, have died. The confirmation came after all the 39 bodies matched the DNA of the missing persons. Speaking in the Rajya Sabha, the Foreign Minister said Islamic State (IS) is responsible for the killing and that the maximum of the dead hailed from the state of Punjab. The mortal remains of the deceased will be brought back to India soon.
In the meantime the kin of the deceased expressing their anguish said that the government should have informed them first before making the announcement in Parliament. Sushma Swaraj said that a deep penetration radar confirmed that all the 39 Indians were dead after all bodies were exhumed from the ground. They further said that the DNA samples of 38 people have matched while around 70% DNA accuracy has been achieved for the 39th person. The mortal remains have been sent to Baghdad for the verification of the bodies.
General VK Singh will travel to Iraq to bring back the mortal remains of the Indians killed in Iraq. As planned, the plane carrying mortal remains will first go to Amritsar, then to Patna and then to Kolkata. Earlier in October 2017, DNA samples of relatives were taken to verify the missing people. During the entire process, the governments of four states – Himachal Pradesh, West Bengal, Bihar and Punjab.
Just after the information was delivered by the BJP leader, the opposition attacked the ruling government asking why the information on the dead people was delayed. While speaking to media, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor said, “This is saddening for every Indian, rest I would ask why was this information delayed by the government, they should tell how it happened, when they died. Also, the way government gave high hopes to the families was not right.”
This is saddening for every Indian, rest I would ask why was this information delayed by the govt, they should tell how it happened, when they died. Also, the way govt gave high hopes to the families was not right: Shashi Tharoor, Congress on death of 39 Indians in Iraq's Mosul. pic.twitter.com/dZ3EGVtwYh — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
“The country has never seen such a sorry state, this is not proper. You are insensitive for your own people. House is not in order & so no-confidence motion cannot be moved.” said Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan while adjourning the house due to sloganeering by the opposition.
This is not proper, do not be so insensitive, please do not indulge in such politics! : Lok Sabha Speaker to MPs raising slogans when EAM wanted to deliver statement on death of 39 Indians in Iraq's Mosul pic.twitter.com/fHrQ5XlKAF — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
We had expected this, it should have been announced earlier, it was known since much earlier: Punjab CM Capt Amarinder Singh on death of 39 Indians in Iraq's Mosul pic.twitter.com/Ov4O0GwNBc — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
WASHINGTON (AP) — FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, a target of frequent and aggressive criticism by President Donald Trump, abruptly stepped down from their position Monday ahead of their planned retirement this spring.
A 22-year veteran of the FBI, McCabe has been publicly and repeatedly lambasted over the past year by Trump, who has accused them of bias because of their wife's political connections and an FBI investigation that produced no criminal charges against Hillary Clinton.
McCabe, who has held a number of FBI leadership roles and been heavily involved in investigations into major crimes including the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, becomes eligible for retirement in a matter of weeks. FBI staff learned Monday that McCabe was leaving the bureau's No. 2 post effective immediately, according to people who spoke only on condition of anonymity to discuss an internal personnel move.  They are expected to retire with full pension benefits.
The departure comes as FBI Director Christopher Wray makes changes to their senior leadership team, replacing two other top aides last week. Such changes are not unusual when a new director takes charge, but they are notable amid Trump's public pressure on Wray to get rid of officials who were confidants of James Comey, whom they fired as FBI director last May.
In a message Monday to FBI employees, Wray said McCabe would be retiring on March 18 and denied that the move stemmed from political pressure.
"I will not be swayed by political or other pressure in my decision-making," Wray wrote.
The exit comes amid multiple ongoing investigations, including a Justice Department watchdog probe into the actions of McCabe and other top FBI officials during the Clinton email probe. In addition, special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating whether the Trump campaign improperly coordinated with Russia during the 2016 presidential election and whether Trump sought to obstruct the inquiry by, among other actions, firing Comey.
McCabe has been repeatedly assailed by Trump since the fall of 2016, when it was revealed that their wife had accepted campaign contributions from the political action committee of then-Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat and close Clinton ally, during a failed state Senate run. That episode is among the decisions under review by the Justice Department's inspector general, which is expected to complete its report soon.
The FBI has said McCabe received the necessary ethics approval, and that at the time of the contributions, they were not in a supervisory role on the Clinton email investigation. But that has not stopped Trump and Republicans in Congress from repeatedly asserting that McCabe, and other FBI officials, are partisan law enforcement officials harboring a bias against him.
Responding to December news reports that McCabe would retire, the president wrote: "How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin' James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including their 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife's campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?"
Another of the president's tweets from last year said: "Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation," referring to Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Monday evening, Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee voted to release a classified memo they wrote that alleges that the FBI and the Justice Department improperly used government surveillance during the Russia investigation.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters Monday that Trump was not part of the decision-making process but that they stood by their criticism of McCabe. Amid the tensions, Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein traveled to the White House Monday to meet with chief of staff John Kelly, according to a senior White House official who was not authorized to discuss the meeting publicly and requested anonymity.
The FBI's No. 3 official, David Bowdich, has been named acting deputy director.
Though McCabe has pushed back against White House narratives that Comey was not well-liked within the bureau, and that an ongoing FBI investigation into Trump campaign ties to Russia was not a significant matter for the FBI, they have not publicly discussed in detail their interactions with Trump or shared any personal observations of the president.
That could change upon their departure from the FBI. Comey, for instance, after their firing authorized a close friend to share with reporters details of their own encounters with the president that they said troubled him. And former CIA Director John Brennan and James Clapper, the retired director of national intelligence, have been outspoken about their own views of Trump.
McCabe became deputy director in 2016 following earlier jobs running the FBI's Washington field office and serving as head of its national security branch. A Duke University-educated lawyer, they joined the FBI in 1996 and worked on organized crime in New York.
They took over as acting director following Trump's May 9 firing of Comey, and was among the officials interviewed for the position, which ultimately went to Wray, a former Justice Department official. The Washington Post reported last week that Trump asked McCabe whom they had voted for in the presidential election. Trump has said they do not recall asking that question.
McCabe's defenders call them a thoughtful, intelligent and committed career agent.
Comey tweeted that McCabe "stood tall over the last 8 months, when small people were trying to tear down an institution we all depend on."
Former Attorney General Eric Holder tweeted: "FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is, and has been, a dedicated public servant who has served this country well. Bogus attacks on the FBI and DOJ to distract attention from a legitimate criminal inquiry does long term, unnecessary damage to these foundations of our government."
Two days after Comey's firing, McCabe appeared at a congressional hearing and contradicted a White House assertion that Comey had lost the support of FBI rank-and-file. They declared, "I can tell you that the majority, the vast majority of FBI employees, enjoyed a deep and positive connection to Director Comey."
In one of the more dramatic exchanges of the day, they were asked whether the Trump-Russia investigation was a small matter in relation to the other work the FBI is conducting.
"Sir," they told Sen. Angus King of Maine, "we consider it to be a highly significant investigation."
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller and Jill Colvin contributed to this report.
James L. Mitchell passed away Dec. 31, 2016 at their home, in Opp.
They were born on Nov. 17, 1928, to Walter “Walt” Mitchell and Julie Owens Mitchell. They were their only child.
 They are survived by their wife, Evelyn Bess Mitchell and three sons: Randy, Ricky and Micky, by their first wife, Faye Mitchell.
Their passion in life was being out on Choctawhatchee Bay in their boat, dragging for shrimp in the dark of the night or digging oysters from their “secret oyster beds.” That bay was their second home. They loved navigating those waters.
When they and Evelyn moved from Santa Rosa Beach back to their hometown, they turned to gardening. They grew peppers, collards, turnips, rutabagas, and tomatoes, tomatoes, tomates!
They planted tomato seeds of every kind, even seeds that had been on the space shuttle when it went up. They shared their produce for free, to anyone who stopped by.
They will forever and always be missed and dearly loved by their wife and family.
*Note: This is not the bus in question. A 4-year-old girl was found at a Winn Dixie parking lot after officials say they may have been left on the bus all day (Source: WAFB)
The East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office is investigating a 4-year-old girl found in the parking lot of a grocery store.
It's believed the girl was left behind on a school bus after going unnoticed by the driver. Employees noticed the girl when they wandered into the Winn Dixie supermarket on Joor Road sometime before noon on Monday, March 19. Store managers said they reviewed security camera footage which showed the girl getting off of the bus and walking into the store.
It's believed the girl fell asleep on the bus Monday morning and did not get off at the stop for their elementary school, investigators say. Officials with the East Baton Rouge Parish School System (EBRPSS) say it appears the bus in question was parked at the grocery store on Monday, but it's unclear if the driver parks the bus there every day. School officials also noted they are actively working to install GPS technology on their school buses.
According to the police report filed in the case, the girl is a student at the Baton Rouge Foreign Language Academy Immersion Magnet (FLAIM) on Mayflower Street.
The girl's parents say they were not notified that the child wasn't at school.
EBRPSS has terminated the driver. Officials with the school system also say the child was in good health when found and was safely returned to their family. The number of the bus in question is 2243, according to school officials.
State law requires school bus drivers to check their bus at the end of every route to prevent children from being left on the bus.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
NO. 14 USC VS. OREGON STATE
When: 1 p.m. Saturday
Where: Coliseum
TV/Radio: Pac-12 Networks; 710 AM
Records: USC (4-1, 2-1 in Pac-12); Oregon State (1-4, 0-2)
OREGON STATE STATS
QB Darell Garretson: 13-24, 94 yards, 1 TD, 0 INT
RB Ryan Nall: 62-341, 4 TD
WR Jordan Villamin: 17-192, 1 TD
LB Manase Hungalu: 40 tackles, 3.5 tackles for loss, 1.5 sacks, 1 INT
S Austin Hudson: 21 tackles, 2.5 tackles for loss, 3 pass break-ups
Oregon State injury report: OUT: QB Jake Luton (spine), CB Xavier Crawford (back), CB Jaydon Grant (undisclosed) DOUBTFUL: CB Jay Irvine (undisclosed), LB Kesi Ah-Hoy (undisclosed) QUESTIONABLE: RB Ryan Nall (ankle) PROBABLE: RB Thomas Tyner (hip/hamstring), RB Artavis Pierce (shoulder), TE Noah Togiai (ankle)
Oregon State wins if: The Beavers' defense, which held Washington to a touchdown in the first half last Saturday, makes it tough on USC's struggling offense. … Sam Darnold leaves the game with a significant injury and can't return. … If there's lingering voodoo left in the Coliseum from 10 years ago, when Stanford, a 41-point underdog, upset then second-ranked USC.
USC STATS
QB Sam Darnold: 113-175, 1,389 yards, 9 TD, 8 INT
RB Ronald Jones: 73-450 yards, 6 TD
WR Deontay Burnett: 39-507 yards, 5 TD
LB Uchenna Nwosu: 30 tackles, 2.5 tackles for loss, 1.5 sacks, 1 INT, 8 pass break-ups
LB Cameron Smith: 41 tackles, 5.5 tackles for loss
USC injury report: OUT: TE Daniel Imatorbhebhe (hip), LB Porter Gustin (toe/biceps), RG Viane Talamaivao (pectoral), CB Greg Johnson (shoulder) DOUBTFUL: RB Stephen Carr (foot), RT Chuma Edoga (ankle), WR Jalen Greene (concussion protocol), LB Jordan Iosefa (concussion protocol) QUESTIONABLE: DE Rasheem Green (ankle), DT Marlon Tuipulotu (shoulder) PROBABLE: LT Toa Lobendahn (skin), RG Andrew Vorhees (back), WR Steven Mitchell (groin), DT Josh Fatu (knee), DE Malik Dorton (knee)
USC wins if: The team buses arrive on time. … A rash of injuries doesn't continue. … There's little hangover effect from suffering its first loss in more than a calendar year last week at Washington State.
PREDICTION
USC 42, Oregon State 14
PARRY SOUND — Norm Miller has a new role.
The MPP for Parry Sound-Muskoka was named on June 29 by Premier Doug Ford as parliamentary assistant to the minister of intergovernmental affairs. The minister for the portfolio is Ford.
“I'm excited for it and looking forward to it. Nowadays with all the increased tariffs happening in the United States I think it makes it even more interesting and important,” said Miller. “Doug Ford has talked about wanting to meet all the neighbouring states we do a lot of business with personally to develop good relations with, so that Ontario businesses can maintain good access to the states.”
Parry Sound-Muskoka companies do cross-border business, including Langford Canoes and Connor Industries. On July 1 the Canadian government imposed retaliatory tariffs on American products.
The position isn't just about north and south relations, but also those within Canada.
“A lot of provinces end up with restrictions as well,” they said.
This is the second time since Miller won the riding in 2001 that he's a member of the governing party. The Liberal party that held power since 2003 was ousted in the June election.
“I think it's time for Ontario as well,” they said. “I think with the amount of debt that has been built up over the last number of years, over $300 billion in debt and a big deficit the auditor general and financial accountability officer have said we are spending around $12 billion we're spending more than we are taking in, I just think it's time for a government to live within its means.”
Orange and Los Angeles counties are on target for a violent storm that will blow through the region starting Thursday, likely causing urban flooding and wind damage, according to the National Weather Service.
“It feels really nice outside now, but that's deceiving because a big storm is coming,” said Alex Tardy, a meteorologist for the National Weather Service. “Orange County and Los Angeles County are right in the bull's eye.”
Riverside County will get hit, but not as hard.
Wednesday will be pleasant with partly cloudy skies and temperatures in the 70's.
However, by mid-day Thursday ominous clouds will begin rolling into the region bringing 20 mph to 30 mph wind gusts from the south, with temperatures hitting the mid-60's.
“Then things turn nasty,” Tardy said.
Early Friday, at the peak of the morning commute, heavy rains were expected to pound Orange and Los Angeles counties and damaging winds could reach 60 mph along the coast throughout the day, Tardy said.
“This particular storm has a very strong jet stream, and we are going to take a direct hit in Southern California,” they said.
On Friday, driving may be a bit hazardous, with tree limbs falling mud slides possible.
Orange and Los Angeles counties may be inundated with as much as three to five inches of rain, causing extreme runoff from already saturated soil.
“At this point it (flooding potential) is getting dangerous,” Tardy said. “If this storm materializes, there could be urban-area flooding, particularly along the Santa Ana River and Los Angeles River.”
The storm could bring as much as two inches of rain to Riverside, seven to the Santa Ana and San Gabriel mountains, and up to five inches in the San Bernardo mountain foothills, Tardy said. Ski resorts should receive at least one foot of snow.
Saturday will remain partly cloudy with a chance showers. “The big thing Saturday will be cleaning up debris from Friday's flooding,” Tardy figured.
There will be a chance of light precipitation on Sunday and Monday.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7767 sschwebke@scng.com Twitter: @thechalkoutline
Six months before rushing water ripped a huge hole in a channel that drains a Northern California reservoir, state inspectors said the concrete spillway was sound. As officials puzzle through how to repair Oroville Dam spillway, federal regulators have ordered the state to figure out what went wrong.
Earlier inspection reports offer potential clues, including cracks on the spillway surface that if not properly repaired could let water tear through the concrete. In recent years, construction crews patched cracks — including in the area where water burrowed a huge pit last week.
Damage to the main spillway triggered a series of problems culminating with the first use of the emergency spillway, which quickly began eroding and threatened to unleash a torrent of water on cities downstream. On Tuesday, officials said the immediate danger had passed, and allowed nearly 200,000 residents to go home after evacuation orders scattered them for nearly two days.
Inspectors with the state agency that both operates and checks the dam, the nation's tallest at 770 feet, walked the half-mile-long spillway in 2014 and 2015 and did not find any concerns.
"Conditions appeared to be normal," the inspector wrote in reports from both years.
Last August, a team of inspectors did not check the channel on foot but instead from afar, also concluding that everything looked fine.
The inspection came as California was enduring a five-year drought, and the channel rarely was used to relieve pressure on Oroville Lake, which is about 70 miles north of Sacramento. An extraordinarily wet subsequent six months changed that. Dam managers were draining water from the fast-filling reservoir into the Feather River below when the pit appeared last week.
Experts said problems like the cracks in the concrete spillway and spots in nearby areas where water seeped from the reservoir through a hillside were common issues with dams. What mattered, said John Moyle, New Jersey's director of dam safety and flood control, was whether dam operators dealt with the problems carefully — patching cracks so they were watertight, and dealing with spots where water was leaking through so they didn't grow to undermine the concrete.
The Department of Water Resources declined to answer specific questions about the repair work, saying engineers were focused on ensuring public safety.
Robert Bea, professor emeritus of civil and environmental engineering at University of California, Berkeley, said it's "obvious those repairs didn't work."
"We don't have details on the repairs, but they put cement into the cracks and troweled it over," Bea said. "I call it 'patch and pray.'"
On Monday, federal regulators told the department it must enlist a group of independent consultants both to assess what went wrong and to recommend long-term fixes.
Documents and interviews show that crews were patching cracks in 2009 and 2013. A water resources department spokesperson said it was normal for maintenance crews to be troubleshooting cracks in the channel during dry summer months.
One resident of the region said they saw crews in the spillway at least once a year for the past several years.
"When they have four or five trucks down there, the only thing they have to do is fill cracks," said Don Reighley, a retiree and fisherman who is a several times a week drives past the channel to launch their boat into the reservoir.
One of the state inspectors who went to Oroville Dam in August said authorities may never know exactly what destabilized the spillway.
"Any type of evidence that might have been there is gone," Eric Holland of the water resources department's dam safety division said. "Everything has been washed away."
———
Knickmeyer reported from Sonoma, California, Pritchard reported from Los Angeles. John Flesher in Traverse City, Michigan, contributed.
———
Contact Pritchard at https://twitter.com/lalanewsman .
Sophie Turner recently confirmed what every Game of Thrones fan secretly knew but didn't want to admit: season eight (which will also be the final season of HBO's mega hit) won't premiere until 2019. That's a long time to wait for more Jon Snow and Daenerys hooking up action, but here's some good news: Season seven is out on DVD and Blu-ray on Tuesday, December 12.
Both releases include audio commentaries from the likes of showrunners David Benioff and D.B. Weiss, Lena Headey, Gwendoline Christie, Kit Harington, and Liam Cunningham; “Inside the Art Department” and “Creating the Invasion of Westeros” features; and numerous animated histories of the Seven Kingdom.
They are:
-The Dragonpit, Narrated by Conleth Hill (Varys) and Anton Lesser (Qyburn)
-The Citadel, Narrated by John Bradley (Samwell Tarly)
-Casterly Rock, Narrated by Nikolaj Coster-Waldau (Jaime Lannister)
-Highgarden, Narrated by James Faulkner (Randyll Tarly)
-The Golden Company, Narrated by Iain Glen (Jorah Mormont)
-Prophecies of the Known World, Narrated by John Bradley (Samwell Tarly)
-The Hand of the King, Narrated by Aiden Gillen (Littlefinger)
-The Rains of Castamere, Narrated by Nikolaj Coster-Waldau (Jaime Lannister)
Above, you can watch an exclusive DVD/Blu-ray clip about the making of Euron and Yara's boat battle. It's best served with this instantly iconic GIF.
Last week I noticed a new flowering “weed” in my garden. It's tall, with notched, opposite leaves and branching heads of tiny white flowers. It's also trying to take over. So my first question was, “Is this a native plant or something that was introduced?” My money was on the latter possibility, because once I noticed it on my own property I started seeing it everywhere —along almost every roadway, scattered in gardens in West Chester Borough, and even growing up out of a crack in the parking lot at the Kimberton Inn. Surely this must be an invasion of an aggressive, non-native species!
I took a close look at the flowers; they reminded of something really familiar but I couldn't place them. Then I happened to walk past some purple ageratum. Apart from the color, the flowers looked the same. “Aha!” I thought. “This must be a cousin.” The problem was, no matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't make the description of this new plant fit that of ageratums. Ageratums as a group had much more sedate characteristics than this rampant plant.
Finally, I contacted the Penn State Agricultural Extension Service in West Chester, attaching a photo and asking if they could tell me what it was. Within a couple of hours I received a reply from one of the volunteer Master Gardeners.
The email read, “I believe you are looking at a boneset plant. I too had some show up in my yard and had to work on identifying it. Boneset can get quite tall and it is a perennial so if you don't want it you will have to pull it out and watch for any seeds that may germinate that it leaves behind.” The email included a link to an article/description.
Advertisement
I eagerly followed the link provided, only to discover that we did not have a match. I took a close-up photo of the leaves to show that the ones on “my” plant had long petioles attaching them to the stems. No way could this be boneset, with leaves that grasp the stem so that it looks like the stem is growing through the leaves.
The second photo did the trick. The master gardener wrote back. “I contacted one of our members whoare an expert at identification, and they said they believe it is snake root. I will send information and see what you think.” I accessed the embedded link and breathed a sigh of accomplishment. Finally, I had a positive I.D. White Snakeroot it was; botanical name Ageratina altissima.
The URL linked me to the website of the Brooklyn Botanical Garden and an article by Saara Nafici. I had to laugh when I read the first few lines: “Fall-blooming white snakeroot is that nondescript weed that has been inconspicuously growing in shady spots all spring and summer. You barely notice the one- to four-foot-tall plant with toothy, dark green leaves until suddenly—poof! It's everywhere you turn, all abloom with fluffy white flowers.” That pretty much summed it up.
Surprisingly, white snakeroot turns out to be a native plant, eagerly sought by bees, moths, and flies “furiously foraging before the weather turns cold and food becomes scarce.” A visit to the Missouri Botanical Garden website (http://bit.ly/2xbxsIA) revealed that the plant can grow to five feet tall with a spread of up to four feet. This is a big plant! I laughed again when I read, “This is a somewhat weedy perennial that can spread aggressively by rhizomes and self-seeding.” Rather an understatement!
White snakeroot is in the aster family. I find it interesting that both this plant and the native purple aster bloom prolifically at this time of year, providing a late-season nectar source for pollinator insects. It's also interesting that White Snakeroot has another botanical name: Eupatorium rugosum.
You can read Nafici's article at: https://www.bbg.org/news/weed_of_the_month_white_snakeroot
Pam Baxter is an avid organic vegetable gardener who lives in Kimberton. Direct e-mail to pamelacbaxter@gmail.com, or send mail to P.O. Box 80, Kimberton, PA 19442. Join the conversation at “Chester County Roots,” a Facebook page for gardeners in the Delaware Valley. Go to Facebook, search for Chester County Roots, and “like” the page. To receive notice of updates, click or hover on “Liked” to set your preferences.
HALLANDALE BEACH, Fla. (AP) — Manny Azpurua, a thoroughbred trainer who gained national attention while racing Social Inclusion in the 2014 Preakness Stakes, has died. They were 88.
Gulfstream Park officials say they died Tuesday at Florida Medical Center. No cause was given.
Azpurua had been a fixture on the South Florida racing scene since 1980. They saddled the last starter of their career at Gulfstream in April 2016.
They saddled several graded-stakes winners, including Weigelia and Nightmare Affair, who finished third in the 2006 Breeders' Cup Sprint.
Azpurua attracted national attention while racing Social Inclusion in 2014. The colt began their career with two straight wins, including a 10-length victory while breaking the Gulfstream track record for 1 1/16 miles with a 1:40.97 clocking. Social Inclusion went on to finish third in the Wood Memorial, third behind winner California Chrome in the Preakness and third in the Woody Stephens on the Belmont Stakes undercard.
Born in Caracas, Venezuela, Azpurua was part of a thoroughbred racing family. Their father, Manuel Azpurua, was a prominent owner and a founding member of the country's Jockey Club, as well as a director of El Paraiso racetrack. Their brothers, Leo and Eduardo, were also trainers.
After saddling more than 3,500 winners in Venezuela, Azpurua followed their brothers to South Florida to pursue a training career that would yield 984 winners.
 They are survived by their wife, Sonia, daughters, Teresa and Maria Margarita, and a son, Manuel, as well as their brother Eduardo and nephews Eduardo Azpurua Jr. and Leo Azpurua Jr., who are both trainers.
"He truly loved the experience of training horses in this great country and getting the support of their clients they had over the years," Leo said. "He's been the leader of the family for many, many years."
Funeral arrangements were pending.
BOSTON & LONDON & CAMBRIDGE, U.K.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 31, 2018--Cancer Research UK and Bicycle Therapeutics, a biotechnology company pioneering a new class of therapeutics based on its proprietary bicyclic peptide ( Bicycle ®) product platform, today announced a poster presentation at the 2018 Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology held from June 1 – June 5, 2018 in Chicago, Ill. The poster describes their ongoing phase I/IIa clinical trial of BT1718 in patients with advanced solid tumours, which is the first clinical study of a bicyclic peptide.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005185/en/
Details of the presentation, which will be given by Dr. Udai Banerji, Principal Investigator for the Phase I trial, are as follows:
Session Title: Developmental Therapeutics—Clinical Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics Time: June 4, 2018, 8:00 – 11:30 a.m. CT
ABOUT BT1718 BT1718 is a first-in-class Bicycle Toxin Conjugate being developed by Bicycle Therapeutics that targets Membrane Type 1 Matrix Metalloproteinase (MT1-MMP), also known as MMP-14. This target has an established role in cell invasion and metastasis, is linked to poor outcomes and is over expressed in many solid tumours. In preclinical models, BT1718 has demonstrated promising target-dependent efficacy and only a subset of the toxicities typically associated with other highly potent cancer treatments.
Cancer Research UK's Centre for Drug Development (CDD) is sponsoring a Phase I/IIa study of BT1718 that started in February 2018 with patients currently progressing through dose escalation cohorts. The trial is co-managed by Cancer Research UK and Bicycle Therapeutics. Under the terms of the agreement, Bicycle retains the right to further advance the BT1718 program, at which point an undisclosed payment split between cash and equity, success-based milestones and royalty payments would be made to Cancer Research UK.
ABOUT BICYCLE THERAPEUTICS is developing a unique class of chemically synthesised medicines based on its proprietary bicyclic peptide ( Bicycle® ) product platform to address therapeutic needs unreachable with existing treatment modalities. Bicycle's internal focus is in oncology, where the company is developing targeted cytotoxics ( Bicycle Toxin Conjugates), targeted innate immune activators and T-cell modulators for cancers of high unmet medical need. Bicycles' small size and exquisite targeting deliver rapid tumour penetration and retention while clearance rates and routes of elimination can be tuned to minimise exposure of healthy tissue and bystander toxicities. The company's lead program, BT1718, is being evaluated in a Phase I/IIa trial in collaboration with Cancer Research UK. The company's unique intellectual property is based on the work initiated at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, U.K., by the scientific founders of the company, Sir Gregory Winter and Professor Christian Heinis. Bicycle has its headquarters in Cambridge, U.K., with many key functions and members of its leadership team located in the biotech hub of Boston, Mass. For more information, visit www.bicycletherapeutics.com or follow us on Twitter at @Bicycle_tx.
ABOUT CANCER RESEARCH UK'S COMMERCIAL PARTNERSHIPS TEAM Cancer Research UK is the world's leading cancer charity dedicated to saving lives through research. Our specialist Commercial Partnerships Team work closely with leading international cancer scientists and their institutes to protect intellectual property arising from their research and to establish links with commercial partners. The team develop promising ideas into successful cancer therapeutics, software, devices, diagnostics and enabling technologies. This helps to accelerate progress in exciting new discoveries in cancer research and bring new treatments to patients sooner. http://commercial.cancerresearchuk.org/
Cancer Research UK's commercial activity operates through Cancer Research Technology Ltd. (CRT), a wholly owned subsidiary of Cancer Research UK. It is the legal entity which pursues drug discovery research in themed alliance partnerships and delivers varied commercial partnering arrangements.
ABOUT CANCER RESEARCH UK'S CENTRE FOR DRUG DEVELOPMENT Cancer Research UK has an impressive record of developing novel treatments for cancer. The Cancer Research UK Centre for Drug Development, formerly the Drug Development Office, has been pioneering the development of new cancer treatments for 25 years, taking over 140 potential new anti-cancer agents into clinical trials in patients. It currently has a portfolio of around 30 new anti-cancer agents in preclinical development, Phase I or early Phase II clinical trials. Six of these new agents have made it to market including temozolomide for brain cancer, abiraterone for prostate cancer and rucaparib for ovarian cancer. Two other drugs are in late development Phase III trials. This rate of success is comparable to that of any pharmaceutical company.
ABOUT CANCER RESEARCH UK
Cancer Research UK is the world's leading cancer charity dedicated to saving lives through research. Cancer Research UK's pioneering work into the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of cancer has helped save millions of lives. Cancer Research UK receives no funding from the UK government for its life-saving research. Every step it makes towards beating cancer relies on vital donations from the public. Cancer Research UK has been at the heart of the progress that has already seen survival in the UK double in the last 40 years. Today, 2 in 4 people survive their cancer for at least 10 years. Cancer Research UK's ambition is to accelerate progress so that by 2034, 3 in 4 people will survive their cancer for at least 10 years. Cancer Research UK supports research into all aspects of cancer through the work of over 4,000 scientists, doctors and nurses. Together with its partners and supporters, Cancer Research UK's vision is to bring forward the day when all cancers are cured.
For further information about Cancer Research UK's work or to find out how to support the charity, please call 0300 123 1022 or visit www.cancerresearchuk.org . Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005185/en/
CONTACT: Ten Bridge Communications
Sarah Sutton, +1-518-932-3680
Sarah@tenbridgecommunications.com
or
Argot Partners
Maeve Conneighton, +1-212-600-1902
maeve@argotpartners.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS MASSACHUSETTS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY CLINICAL TRIALS ONCOLOGY PHARMACEUTICAL
SOURCE: Bicycle Therapeutics
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/31/2018 03:00 AM/DISC: 05/31/2018 03:00 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005185/en
It's a well-established fact that Mariah Carey loves the bath. They bathe in heels. They bathe in evening gowns. They bathe in lingerie. So it really was just a matter of time before the 46-year-old songstress bathed with their maybe-fake boyfriend.
Related: Mariah and Bubble Baths: A Love Story
Mimi's Valentine's Day social photos were as over-the-top as we expected. Keeping with history, they posted pix of themselves in the bath — only there was a new face in the candlelit scene: Bryan Tanaka, 33. Yes, their backup dancer/maybe beau was on the scene in the metallic tub, showing off their tats and gold chains as they sipped Champagne with what appeared to be a bikini-clad Mariah. (Mariah has said they often bathe in a swimsuit because their 5-year-old twins, Roc and Roe, often bust in.)
“Happy Valentine's Day!!” wrote the “I Don't” singer with the tags “#happyvalentinesday,” “#happy,” “#moments,” and “#bubbles.” (Side note: We wonder if they or their assistant comes up with their hashtags?)
As if that wasn't enough, we got two more fabulous photos of Mariah posing seductively in a Hershey's Kisses bra top. There were additional Kisses decorating the tub, which was different than the one they shared with Tanaka (it's white), so either the photos were old or they had a hella busy Valentine's Day tub hoppin'.
Mariah's ex-husband Nick Cannon recently suggested what we have long speculated — that the relationship between Mimi and Bryan is strictly for the cameras. We bet Nick, who is still close with Mariah, got in troubbble for saying that.
Related: Mariah Wears Heels and Fishnets to the Gym and It's Just So Mariah
Tonight Mariah will appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live to perform “I Don't,” which is about their broken engagement to billionaire James Packer. This is their first performance since — dun dun dun — the New Year's Eve incident.
We hope they and Tanaka didn't drink too much bubbly last night, so she's on top of their game.
More From Yahoo Celebrity:
Apple now has a permit to test drive autonomous vehicles on public roads in California, which is a pretty clear sign the company is still doing something with its not so secret car project dubbed Titan.
The special permit lets Apple retrofit three 2015 Lexus SUVs with the hardware and software necessary to drive themselves, according to the Wall Street Journal. It also allows for six people who will ride in the cars and take over driving when necessary.
Assuming Apple has been conducting successful Project Titan tests on closed tracks, the next logical step it to move to public roads where there are far more variables for a car to cope with. Does that mean Apple is a step closer to introducing its own self driving car? Maybe.
Apple reportedly scaled back its car plans late in 2016 under the guidance of project leader Bob Mansfield to focus on software for autonomous vehicles. The team still has about 1,000 people, although Apple isn't confirming anything—including that there even is a Project Titan.
Assuming Apple is working on software only, tests still need to happen. That means outfitting cars with the necessary hardware—like three Lexus SUVs—and putting them on the road. Those tests need to happen on closed tracks and public roads, which fits nicely with the permit California's Department of Motor Vehicles just gave Apple.
It also fits with Apple making its own car. Testing the hardare and software elements for assisted and autonomous driving can happen on different cars, and it keeps Apple's own designs secret.
As TMO's Bryan Chaffin said, it's Schrödinger's Car. It's a complete car and it's just software for other cars until Apple says otherwise.
The permit doesn't do anything to clear up exactly what Apple's autonomous car plans are. It does, however, tell us Project Titan is still moving along. We just don't know what direction it's heading.
by Karl Ekberg
The rivers here in the mountains of South Carolina are in great shape. A few big spring rain storms put a good amount of water into the rivers, and now the height and flows are great for wading and catching many fish. There is nothing finer than being here on the rivers with the mountain laurels and rhododendrons in full bloom.
Hatches have been subtle at times early in the day, but late afternoon into the early evening have been better. As the late afternoon temperatures subside, find the shaded runs and riffles to have your best success. As the day time temperatures of late spring into early summer start to rise, we must remember that trout like colder water. From the start of daylight until mid-day, fishing topwater will be good, but as the temperatures rise, going deeper will be more successful. When fishing mid-day throughout the afternoon, double nymph rigs will be the trick.
If the dry flies and nymph fishing is not your cup of tea, let's not forget about streamer fishing. There is an abundance of small baitfish in the rivers now, and streamer fishing is excellent. Try swinging streamers in the deeper runs and into the heads of pools. In the larger, deeper, slower waters, casting out and then using a slower strip and pause technique will do best.
As the water temperatures of the rivers have risen, it's also time to think about bass and panfish. We are excited about the bass and panfish season out on the lakes and rivers. We have a lot of new fly patterns here at the Fly Shop! Topwater or “down under” patterns are here, and more to come in all summer long. Rods, reels, line and anything else you may need for your warm water fly fishing needs are here at the Fly Shop. If you need a way to cool off from the summer heat, book a boat trip with our guide Zach Hart, for one or two people on the mountain lakes to catch these fine summer fish on a fly rod. On your trip, we'll show you where to target fish, what to fish with, and we have the gear for you as well. We hope to see everyone out on the rivers and lakes, and let's remember, “Leave No Trace” and enjoy the greater outdoors.
Precision Window Tinting, a new Findlay business at 110 Crystal Ave., offers automotive, residential, and commercial window tinting, as well as headlight restoration, windshield chip repair, paint protection film, and pinstriping. Rick Bell, right, is the owner and the lead tinter, with over 20 years of experience. Van Williams, left, is a tint installer, and Heather Bell is a tint installer and office manager. Precision Window Tinting uses only Llumar films. The company's residential and commercial films consist of metalized or ceramic materials, all of which have 99 percent ultraviolet ray protection. The business can be reached at 419-455-0117, and is on Facebook. It is open during winter from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday and Wednesday, and other days by appointment. (Photo provided)
Comments
comments
"Hellbent: an Orphan X Novel" (Minotaur Books), by Gregg Hurwitz
Evan Smoak is known by many aliases, including Orphan X and the Nowhere Man. In "Hellbent," the latest novel by Gregg Hurwitz featuring the former government assassin turned vigilante, a call for help quickly turns personal.
When Smoak receives a phone call from a particular number, they know the person on the other end needs their help. He's shocked to receive a video message from Jack Johns, their mentor and the man who recruited them into the elite Orphan program. They watch as Johns, a man they cherish almost like a father, is brutally thrown out of an airplane in midair. Torn apart by their sudden death at the hands of another Orphan who wants nothing more than to eliminate all the others in the program, Smoak knows they have to stop a man named Van Sciver once and for all. It doesn't help that this man responsible for Johns' death is also the new head of the Orphan program.
Smoak retrieves a package that Johns left for them and is brutally attacked by a teenage girl. They have elite skills that show Smoak that they had also been trained by Johns. It soon dawns on them that the package is this young girl and they have to protect them from the killers closing in on both of them.
Hurwitz is a terrific thriller writer, and with this series they get better with each installment. Amid the mayhem, they craft a tender tale of what it truly means to be a parent and the importance of family. They also have a knack for moments of sheer fun and humor mixed with the action, making the characters believable.
___
Online:
http://gregghurwitz.net/
The Assam Higher Secondary Education Council is all set to declare the Class 12 or HS final results for the last academic year at 9:30AM today. The results will be uploaded on the official website of the Board and students can download their Plus 2 results from the Board's website at www.ahsec.nic.in.
Assam ASHEC HSSLC Results 2018: The Class 12 or HS or HSSLC results for the academic year 2017-18 is going to be released by the Assam Higher Secondary Education Council or AHSEC on its official website today, on May 31, 2018 at 9:30AM. The students who had appeared for the HS Class 12 2018 examination this year and are eagerly waiting for their HSSLC Results 2018 can check the same on the official website of the Board i.e. at ahsec.nic.in as soon as it is declared. Apart from the official website the results will also be available on other websites such as resultsassam.nic.in and results.gov.in.
There might be some difficulties in accessing the results from the official website of the Board due to heavy traffic. In that case students can also get their results via SMS.
ALSO READ: MSBSHSE SSC results 2018: Maharashtra Board to release Class 10 results in the first week of June, check how to download
Students can follow the steps given below to check their Assam AHSEC HS result 2018:
Log on to the official website of the board or any other third party websites mentioned above Search for the link that reads, “HSSLC Class 12 Results 2018” on the homepage and click on the link Students will be directed to a new window In the provided fields, enter the requisite details such as your roll number/registration number and other required details Click on the submit button Your result will be displayed on the screen of your computer Download the Assam HSSLC Result 2018 and take a printout of the same for future reference if necessary
To get HSSLC Class 12 Results 2018 via SMS students need to type:
BSNL users type SEBA18 give space type roll number and send it to 57766
Idea/Jio/Vodafone users type AS10 give space type roll number and send to 58888111
AirTel users type AS10 give space type roll number and send to 5207011
To go to the link of the official website and download the Assam HS Class 12 result 2018 directly, click here: Assam ASHEC HSSLC Results 2018
ALSO READ: MBOSE Results 2018: Class 10 and Class 12 (Arts) results announced, check how to download @ mbose.in
For all the latest Education and Jobs News, download NewsX App
03:12 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 No fear of terrorism: Israelis just want to live quietly Read more The people of Israel are no longer afraid of terrorism, which has intensified in recent days. Studies show that people in Israel are happier ► ◄ Last Briefs
Research by Raj Chetty, Nathaniel Hendren, Maggie Jones, and Sonya Porter from the Equality of Opportunity Project suggests that black boys who grow up in rich families are still much more likely to fall into lower income levels than white boys who grow up in equally rich families. The shift from low income to higher levels also appears to be a greater challenge, which makes closing the gap that much harder.
Emily Badger, Claire Cain Miller, Adam Pearce, and Kevin Quealy for The Upshot cover the data extensively with a series of charts, driven visually with a particle-based Sankey diagram (above). The individual points provide a vehicle to show variation over aggregates.
Take your time with this one.
You can grab the aggregated data from the Equality of Opportunity Project. Here's the research paper in full (pdf) if you're interested. And if you're interested in the Sankey implementation.
If you love bookshops, Parisian charm and an intriguing mystery, then this beguiling story could be your favourite summer read.
Break opens a bottle of vin rouge and get lost in the bittersweet life of American Leah Eady as they journey through uncharted waters in search of their missing husband, and ends up finding both themselves and a new way of life in the heart of the French capital.
Paris by the Book – an enchanting portrait of both a lost soul and a magical city – comes from the pen of Liam Callanan from Wisconsin, an author, teacher and journalist whose first novel, The Cloud Atlas, was a finalist for an Edgar Award.
Set in the Marais, a historic and fashionable district of Paris famous for its trendy restaurants, fashion houses and hip galleries, Callanan's seductive blend of reading and romance peers between the pages of two French landmark books as a marriage and a mystery start to unravel in haunting and poignant style.
Once a week, Leah Eady chases men in the hope that they might be their husband. It might sound bizarre but their story began nearly 20 years ago when they met and fell in love with aspiring and somewhat eccentric writer Robert Eady in their home town of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Their shared interest in classic children's books, The Red Balloon by French author and filmmaker Albert Lamorisse, and the Madeline series by Austria-Hungary-born American writer Ludwig Bemelmans, was the spark that brought them together.
Leah gave up their dreams of being a filmmaker when they married and they dedicated their life to becoming a loving, organised mother to their two daughters Daphne and Ellie while Robert pursued a career as a successful children's book author.
Over the years, Leah accepted that Robert would sometimes disappear for days on end for what they called their ‘writeaways,' time and space alone to write. But in recent years, their career has been ‘taking one wrong turn after another' and now they have walked out and not come back.
The only clue to Robert's whereabouts is the discovery of plane tickets to Paris and Leah sets off for France with their teenage daughters. There they discover an unfinished manuscript, one Robert had been writing without their knowledge, and featuring a story set in Paris.
Hoping to uncover more clues, Leah takes over a small, struggling English-language bookshop in the bustling Marais district, only to realise that Robert might just be closer than any of them had ever imagined… but what if they don't want to be found?
Robert's mysterious disappearance is the driving force behind this fascinating French foray and Callanan eloquently reminds us of the artistic rigours of writing that often go unseen and uncomprehended by readers, and the power that rests in books to inform us, unite us, and bring both joy and solace.
But Paris by the Book is essentially a carefully and beautifully crafted love story… the multi-faceted love between a man and a woman, the loving bonds of family, the eternal romance of Paris, and the age-old love affair with books.
Leah's acutely observant and often moving narration explores family life, the sacrifices we make for both our partners and our children, and the imperative to start again when all that we have come to rely on is suddenly snatched away.
Packed with literary allusions, home truths, an enchanting bookshop and seductive snapshots of Paris, this is the perfect escape for the holiday season.
(HQ, trade paperback, £12.99)
A Chinese-built telecom satellite for Algeria successfully launched Sunday aboard a Long March 3B rocket, heading toward a perch more than 22,000 miles over the equator to provide television broadcasts, broadband Internet, remote education and emergency communications services.
The Alcomsat 1 spacecraft rode a Chinese Long March 3B rocket into orbit from the Xichang space center in Sichuan province, a mountainous launch base in the southwestern part of the country.
The 184-foot-tall (56-meter) Long March 3B launcher lifted off at 1640 GMT (11:40 a.m. EST) Sunday from Xichang and headed southeast, dropping its four liquid-fueled strap-on boosters around 2 minutes, 20 seconds, into the mission.
The rocket took off at 12:40 a.m. Monday Beijing time.
The Long March 3B's first stage shut down and separated moments later, and liquid-fueled second and third stage engines continued pushing the rocket toward orbit.
Separation of the 11,519-pound (5,225-kilogram) Alcomsat 1 spacecraft occurred approximately 26 minutes after liftoff.
The China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology and China Great Wall Industry Corp., the state-owned firm which markets Chinese rockets and satellites to international customers, announced the mission was a success.
The Algeria Press Service, owned by the Algerian government, also reported the launch was successful, claiming the Alcomsat 1 spacecraft was injected into an elliptical “supersynchronous” transfer orbit arcing as high as 26,100 miles (42,000 kilometers) above Earth, circling the planet on a track tilted 26.4 degrees.
China Great Wall Industry Corp. confirmed the same orbital parameters in a statement.
Alcomsat 1's on-board engine will circularize its orbit over the equator in the next two weeks, settling the satellite in geostationary orbit over the equator at 24.8 degrees west longitude. In that orbit, the spacecraft's velocity will match the rate of Earth's rotation, allowing Alcomsat 1 to hover in the same position in the sky for fixed ground-based antennas.
China Great Wall Industry Corp. said the Alcomsat 1 spacecraft is based on the DFH-4 satellite design manufactured by the China Academy of Space Technology. Built for a 15-year service life, Alcomsat 1 carries 33 operational transponders — 19 in Ku-band, 12 in Ka-band and two in L-band, CGWIC said in a statement.
“The Alcomsat 1 satellite program is the first communications satellite program of Algeria, and also (marks) the bilateral cooperation between Algeria and China in space technology for the first time,” CGWIC said.
“Algeria and China are strategic partners with comprehensive cooperation,” the statement said. “The successful launch of Alcomsat 1 is the good beginning of space cooperation between (the) two countries. More cooperation (and) more space programs are expected to be initiated soon.”
China Great Wall Industry Corp. and the Algeria Space Agency signed the Alcomsat 1 contract in December 2013. Chinese engineers were responsible for building, launching and testing Alcomsat 1 once in orbit, and Algerian authorities will take command of the satellite when it is ready to begin communications services.
Alcomsat 1 is designed for television broadcast, broadband Internet, remote education, emergency communication, e-government and enterprise communication services, officials said.
China has launched similar communications satellites under contracts with the governments of Nigeria, Venezuela, Pakistan, Bolivia, Belarus and Laos. Future Chinese-built geostationary telecom craft are under construction for Nicaragua and the Democratic Republic of the Congo for launches as soon as next year.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
The Grammys Awards are transitioning to online voting and have updated rules for its top category, album of the year.
The Recording Academy announced new changes Wednesday, including its official switch to online voting for its 13,000 members. Voting for the 2018 Grammy Awards will take place in the fall and will include songs and albums released between Oct. 1, 2016, and Sept. 30, 2017.
Bill Freimuth, the academy's senior vice president of awards, said the academy expects to attract younger voters and touring musicians who are away from home during voting season.
"It is something that has been long-desired, long-talked about and long-investigated," they said of online voting, which comes a year after the Latin Grammys made the switch.
Freimuth said there were concerns about security issues, but added they have "done everything we can to make sure the integrity of the system will be preserved."
Another major change is the addition of songwriters to the nominees for album of the year, which was previously reserved for artists, producers and engineers. However, all participants in the album, including featured artists, songwriters, producers and engineers, must now be credited with at least 33 percent or more playing time on the album to be eligible for nomination. Prior to the new rule, all participants on an album would earn a nomination for album of the year even if they worked on one song.
The album of the year rule change would mainly affect pop, rap and contemporary R&B albums where producers typically vary throughout the project, as opposed to country and rock albums, where fewer producers are present.
Beyonce's "Lemonade," Drake's "Views" and Justin Bieber's "Purpose" — all nominees this year for album of the year — each had at least 20 producers credited. Adele's "25," which won the top prize in February, had 11 producers. The fifth nominee was country singer Sturgill Simpson, who produced their album by himself.
"Does participation on a single track on a 12- or 15-track album really signify that they really worked on the album? When it was put that way most people were saying, 'No, not really,'" Freimuth said.
If the new rule had been implemented at this year's show, Bruno Mars and Ryan Tedder wouldn't have earned Grammys for their production work on Adele's album, for example. Freimuth added that songwriters and producers who work on a big hit on an album could earn a nomination for record or song of the year for their song.
The new changes were approved last month by the Recording Academy's board of trustees. Other changes include nomination review committees added to the rap, contemporary instrumental and New Age genres. The committees serve as an additional layer of checks and balances, and for rap, could prevent wins like Macklemore & Ryan Lewis in 2014 over Kendrick Lamar, which were highly criticized. It could also allow rising acts to earn nominations over veteran performers like Eminem and Kanye West, who consistently earn nominations.
"We form these committees only when we hear from ... those genre communities (when) they feel like something's wrong, or that our nominations could be better," said Freimuth. "For rap, what they were finding was that 'legacy' artists, almost no matter what they released, they would get a nomination because of their name recognition and fan base."
The rock, R&B and country genres are other genres that have nomination review committees.
The Grammy Awards have 83 categories. Nominees will be announced Nov. 28, and the 60th awards show will take place at Madison Square Garden in New York on Jan. 28, 2018.
————
Online:
https://www.grammy.com/
TORONTO — A Tom Thomson painting that was given away as a gag gift just months ago has sold at auction for nearly half a million dollars.
Until recently, "Sketch for Lake in Algonquin Park" was collecting dust among a pile of artworks in Glenna Gardiner's Edmonton basement.
The 71-year-old retired nurse says they used to laugh off their late father's claims that the painting was created by Thomson, often considered the forefather to the Group of Seven.
The work's origins became a running joke between Gardiner and a longtime friend, who insisted it was authentic, leading Gardiner to present it as a gag gift.
Shutterstock
Over the past year, Amazon's been impressing customers with great ideas like Whole Foods delivery while also forecasting not-so-wise ideas like allowing drivers to enter homes via a handy doorbell (Amazon Key) — a move that was shrewdly lampooned by The Onion. Now, the online retailer is taking a midway step to that point by providing a delivery service to the trunk of your car.
That is to say, you can take advantage of this Amazon Key variant if you're the owner of a certain model of car. The idea is geared toward those customers who fear their packages being swiped from porches or those who cannot accept packages at work. The New York Times has more details:
For in-car delivery to work, customers must have a 2015 or later Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac vehicle with an active account with OnStar, the roadside assistance and navigation service from General Motors. Car owners with 2015 or newer Volvos with a similar service, On Call, can also receive in-car deliveries from Amazon.
The service will soon launch in 37 cities, and it will likely also come in handy for anyone who doesn't want to be disturbed while working or sleeping at home. Or for that matter, anyone who has crazy dogs who go bonkers at the sight of drivers. This will, of course, require people to trust that couriers won't pilfer through their vehicles, but Amazon says that a trunk can only be accessed once per delivery after the courier uses satellite location-tracking to find the vehicle.
The future is here, as they say. Now, it might be waiting in your trunk.
(Via New York Times & Amazon)
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) — A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom after a judge rejected their request to confront the “demon” in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted them with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court Friday. They later apologized, saying they had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “no way” they would fine them or send them to jail under their contempt-of-court powers.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” the judge said.
Nonetheless, they added, it is “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on their work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Two sisters detailed experiencing sexual abuse by former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom on Friday, along with another sister of theirs, before their father tried to attack Nassar. (Feb. 2)
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of their life in prison. They were sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and their home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says they were assaulted during their decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after they listened to two of their daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said their parents were “filled with regret” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't,” they told Nassar. “The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
Them father then stepped up and asked the judge if they would grant them “five minutes in a locked room with this demon.” Cunningham declined and also turned down their request for “one minute.” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “use your words,” not violence.
“This is letting them have this power over us,” they said. “We cannot behave like this.”
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that they just snapped. They said they had not known what exactly their daughters were going to say about their abuse.
“I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking their head, no, like it didn't happen. ... I'm embarrassed,” Margraves said of their conduct. “I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defense and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated their apology and insisted he's “no hero.”
“My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity,” they said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who traveled from France to speak, said they were surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
“It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we've all gone through,” Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said their officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said they had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks “unfortunate” and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is “really unfortunate” if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that their accusers' remarks “have pierced my soul.”
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said they were stepping down.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Every day it gets harder and harder to tell if Kanye West has gone off the deep end, if he's 100 percent sincere, or if he's just elaborately trolling us all for attention with a ridiculous spate of GOOD Music albums supposedly on the way, but one thing is for sure: Their weirdness is consistently and bizarrely captivating, entertaining, and surprising — you never know what he'll do next.
I love the way Candace Owens thinks — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) April 21, 2018
Case in point, their latest stunt involved an unexpected response to Hot 97's Ebro Darden after the gruff radio personality lambasted West yesterday during their show. After West tweeted in support of conservative commentator Candace Owens, Ebro and their cohosts delivered a rollicking , 16-minute explainer for their seemingly Trump-supporting tweets and why they hurt, confused, or angered many of Kanye's longtime fans and supporters. While they weren't exactly kind to Kanye, they weren't totally disrespectful either, surmising that ultimately, Kanye likes Trump because Trump was nice to them at a low point in their life.
Yes Kanye just called the show while we were in the middle of a break and just kept repeating "I love you" to Ebro…eventually they said lets meet in person off air and then talk on the air — RosenbergTelevision (@Rosenbergradio) April 24, 2018
Today, though, Kanye called into Hot 97 to speak their piece, except what actually happened is they simply kept repeating “I love you” in response to Ebro's questions, to the confusion of the hosts. They seemed to be in good spirits, but refused to talk about the music or their tweets, offering to speak with Ebro in person before giving a radio interview. If it's a troll, it's one of the most masterful mind games anyone's ever played with the rambunctious Ebro In The Morning crew, and if it was just “New” Kanye's pacifistic way of blowing off steam, it certainly seems more productive than their old approach to radio host provocation. In either case, Kanye's certainly built even more anticipation for their new music — if only so we can all finally get an explanation of just what he's thinking lately.
___
Bitcoin futures soar amid frenzy over virtual currency
NEW YORK (AP) — Wall Street got its first taste of bitcoin on Monday, with the price of the first-ever futures contract for the digital currency jumping 20 percent. It's a step forward for the bitcoin, which has soared this year despite concerns that the surge of investor interest has transformed it from a new-age currency into just the latest speculative bubble.
___
Trump to make final pitch for GOP tax plan
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump will make their final pitch for the Republican tax plan in a speech to the American people. The White House says Trump will give a speech Wednesday on how tax reform will help taxpayers and their families. Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. The $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with modest reductions for individuals.
___
Apple orchestrates deal for song-recognition app Shazam
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple has bought Shazam, the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones. The companies didn't disclose the price of the acquisition announced Monday, but previous reports placed the value at about $400 million. Siri began drawing upon Shazam's technology to answer questions about songs in a 2014 update to the iPhone's operating system.
___
Some glitches seen in deadline week for 'Obamacare' sign-ups
WASHINGTON (AP) — Consumer advocates are reporting some glitches in the final days for "Obamacare" sign-ups, but the Trump administration largely seems to be keeping its promise of a smooth enrollment experience. Some HealthCare.gov customers got an incorrect message that no plans were available. President Donald Trump came into office promising to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, but it survived. Now their administration is overseeing the finale to sign-ups. Friday, Dec. 15 is the last day in most states.
___
Will misconduct scandals make men wary of women at work?
NEW YORK (AP) — Some people worry that the same climate that's embolden women to speak out against sexual harassment could make some men wary of female colleagues. The Miami-based owner of a food line says their business involves working mostly with men, and business often ends over lunch or drinks. But Ana Quincoces says those opportunities are dwindling because many of the men they encounter on the job "are terrified."
___
Zinke, House GOP face criticism over Patagonia attacks
WASHINGTON (AP) — Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and House Republicans are escalating their feud with an outdoor retail company that opposes the Trump administration's plan to shrink two sprawling Utah national monuments. The House Natural Resources Committee said in a tweet that clothing giant Patagonia is "lying" about Trump's plan in order "to sell more products to wealthy elitist urban dwellers from New York to San Francisco."
___
In tax push, Trump's team uses a dubious growth estimate
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Treasury memo includes an assumption that tax cuts and other Trump administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 percent annual pace over 10 years. Growth at that level would, in theory, keep the national debt from rising. But most independent analyses have concluded that the Senate tax overhaul would add at least $1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because they foresee far less growth resulting from the tax cuts.
___
Waiting for Congress, Mnuchin makes 2nd emergency debt move
WASHINGTON (AP) — Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Monday they are making a second emergency move to keep the government from going above the debt limit while awaiting congressional action to raise the threshold. In a letter to congressional leaders, Mnuchin said they will not be able to fully invest in a large civil service retirement and disability fund. Skipped investments will be restored once the debt limit has been raised, they said.
___
US stocks close modestly higher; S&P 500, Dow hit new highs
NEW YORK (AP) — Technology companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Monday, driving the market to another set of milestones. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average finished at all-time highs. Solid gains by health care companies also helped lift the market, outweighing losses among banks and industrial stocks. Energy stocks rose along with the price of crude oil.
___
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.49 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,659.99. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 56.87 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,386.03. The Nasdaq composite added 35 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,875.08. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 1.88 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,519.84.
Benchmark U.S. crude gained 63 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $57.99 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the international standard, added $1.29, or 2 percent, to close at $64.69 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline picked up 1 cent to $1.73 per gallon, while heating oil gained 2 cents to $1.95 per gallon. Natural gas rose 6 cents, or 2 percent, to $2.83 per 1,000 cubic feet.
PULLMAN, Wash. (AP) — Deandre Ayton scored 25 points and grabbed 11 rebounds, and Allonzo Trier added 24 points as No. 9 Arizona beat cold-shooting Washington State 100-72 on Wednesday night to remain in first place in the Pac-12.
Rawle Alkins scored 16 points for Arizona (19-4, 9-1 Pac-12), which has won seven games in a row. The Wildcats have lost just one time since Nov. 24.
Robert Franks scored 25 points for Washington State (9-12, 1-8), which has dropped 13 in a row to Arizona. It was the Cougars' first home game since Jan. 13.
Arizona shot 61 percent in the game, while Washington State managed just 41 percent, and was only up that high because of a late spurt.
This one was over early.
With the score tied at 20, Arizona went on a 25-5 run over the next seven minutes to build a 45-25 lead. Alkins hit three consecutive 3-pointers during that run, while the Cougars made just 2 of 14 field goals during one stretch.
Arizona led 53-34 at halftime after holding the Cougars to three field goals in the final 12 minutes of the half. The Wildcats outshot the Cougars 67 percent to 33 percent in the first.
Ayton scored the first seven points of the second half for Arizona, and the Wildcats used a 20-2 run to push their lead to 75-40.
Washington State's shooting woes continued in the second as they went long stretches without a field goal.
BIG PICTURE
Arizona: The Wildcats have won 16 of their past 17 games, losing only at Colorado on Jan. 6. Trier and Ayton both came in averaging better than 19 points per game. Ayton also averages 10.7 rebounds.
Washington State: The Cougars are shooting .386 from 3-point range and are third in the nation with 11.6 made 3-pointers per game. The Cougars came in with an all-time record of 7-129 against teams ranked in the Top 10. They have slumped since winning the Wooden Legacy early in the season, dropping seven of their previous eight games.
UP NEXT
Arizona plays at Washington on Saturday.
Washington State hosts No. 25 Arizona State on Sunday.
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May holds up a cough sweet after suffering a coughing fit whilst addressing the Conservative Party conference in Manchester, October 4, 2017. REUTERS/Phil Noble
LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May showed guts and grace by continuing with their keynote Conservative Party conference speech despite a repeated coughing fit and an interruption by a prankster, business minister Greg Clark told Sky on Thursday.
"She showed guts and grace," Clark told Sky News. They added that there was huge warmth towards May in the conference hall.
Mayhave bid to reassert their dwindling authority was ruined on Wednesday when their keynote speech was interrupted by repeated coughing fits, a prankster, and even letters of their slogan falling off the set behind them
(Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge; editing by Estelle Shirbon)
Getty Image
Damian Lillard won't be a free agent again until 2021, as the Blazers have their star point guard locked up for four more years on their five-year, $140 million deal that kicked in last offseason. Lillard has become the face of Portland basketball and is very happy with the Blazers, but, understanding that basketball is a business, they know they might not be there forever.
Lillard insists they want to be in Portland for as long as they'll have him, and he's been actively pushing for Portland to bring in more stars to play alongside they and C.J. McCollum — namely Paul George. But should something happen where they either want to trade them or let them walk in free agency in four years, they already know what their top destinations outside of Portland will be.
The Blazers star gave an honest answer about where he'd want to play if they weren't on the Blazers on Wednesday via Twitter, and the response included one not-so-surprising answer and one you wouldn't expect from the Oakland native.
Getty Image
On Friday, House Republicans dropped Devin Nunes classified memo alleging FBI abuses while securing a FISA warrant for surveillance of sketchy Trump campaign foreign advisor Carter Page, who has extensive Russian ties and even lived there for five years The memo, which was the subject of strenuous objections from the FBI and the Justice Department, ended up being a rehash of previously-known facts with a few new revelations, all aimed to discredit ex-British spy Christopher Steele and their compilation of the Russia dossier.
The memo never accuses any government agency of illegal activity, but Trump reportedly okayed the release because they believe it will “discredit” the FBI and magically make the Russia investigation disappear. Well, Republican Sen. John McCain has gone on record to assert that the investigation must continue without interference from Trump or Congress, who they called out for “doing Putin's job” with this memo. The leader of the Senate's Armed Services Committee had more to say:
“The latest attacks against the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no President's, only Putin's. The American people deserve to know all the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded. Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the lens of politics and manufacturing political sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
It's also worth noting that former FBI Director James Comey (who was singled out in the memo regarding their briefing of Trump on the dossier) was underwhelmed by the “dishonest and misleading” document, which contained no smoking gun. They tweeted, “That's it?”
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018
Meanwhile, CNN reports word from Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who says that the White House believes that the memo calls the FBI and Justice Department's integrity into question:
“Earlier today, President Donald J. Trump declassified a memorandum from the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. The memorandum raises serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI to use the Government's most intrusive surveillance tools against American citizens.”
Did anyone expect Sanders to say anything else?
(Via John McCain on Twitter & CNN)
Lady Gaga has cancelled their world tour due to severe pain. The Grammy award-winning singer has fibromyalgia , a long-condition which can cause pain all over the body. The pop star has apologised to fans and said they were devastated but needed to put myself and my well being first. Ticket holders can apply for refund from February 6.
Singer-actor Lady Gaga has cancelled the last 10 dates of the European leg of their world tour due to “severe pain”. In a statement posted on Twitter, the pop star apologised to fans and said they were “devastated”, but needed to put “myself and my well-being” first, reports bbc.com. The Grammy award-winning singer has fibromyalgia, a long-term condition which can cause pain all over the body. Shows in London and Manchester are among those affected.
In the statement, it said the “tough decision” had been made on Friday night with “strong support from their medical team”.Ticket holders can apply for a refund from February 6, the statement added.I am so devastated I don't know how to describe it,” Lady Gaga wrote, adding: “All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music.”The announcement comes after they started the UK leg of their tour at Birmingham Arena. The European leg of their Joanne World Tour had already been rescheduled due to their condition.
The “Born this way” singer was due to perform in Zurich, Koln, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris and Berlin in the coming weeks. At the end of last year, the star announced a two-year residency in Las Vegas, starting late in 2018.
PHOENIX (AP) — A U.S. border Patrol agent accused of shooting across the border into Mexico and killing a teenager five years ago will go on trial Tuesday on a charge of second-degree murder in a rare Justice Department prosecution of a fatal cross-border shooting.
The agent, Lonnie Swartz, is accused of killing 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was on the street in Nogales, in the Mexican state of Sonora, just across the border from Nogales, Arizona. An autopsy showed the unarmed teen was hit 10 times, mostly from behind.
The trial in U.S. District Court in Tucson comes amid President Donald Trump's immigration crackdown and their pledge to build a "big, beautiful wall" along the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometer) U.S.-Mexico boundary.
Swartz opened fire at about 11:30 p.m. on Oct. 10, 2012 through the metal poles of a 20-foot (6-meter) fence that sits on a 25-foot (about 7.6-meter) embankment above Mexico's Calle Internacional, a street lined with homes and small businesses.
The killing shocked the two communities of Nogales. About 20,000 people live on the Arizona side and about 300,000 live on the Mexico side, but the two communities linked by family members, trade and culture have long been referred to locally as "Ambos Nogales" — "Both Nogales" in Spanish.
Swartz's defense lawyers have said Elena Rodriguez threw rocks just before they were shot as an attempt to create a distraction for a drug smuggling attempt and that the officer was justified in using lethal force. They want jurors to visit the site at night to experience the area after dark.
Witnesses from the Mexico side of the border said they did not see the teen throw rocks and their relatives have denied they were helping drug smugglers, saying they were walking home after playing basketball.
The U.S. Attorney's Office has said it won't dispute that the boy was throwing rocks, but it's unknown if they had any link to drug smugglers and the point is irrelevant because an unreasonable amount of force was used.
Swartz pleaded not guilty after being indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 and is currently on administrative leave and free on their own recognizance. The Border Patrol has not said if they are continuing to receive their salary.
Defense attorney Sean Chapman last week (March 15) declined to comment while the trial is ongoing and a spokesperson for the agents' union, the National Border Patrol Council, did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
The case is expected to last more than a month and activists who support immigrants have said they will protest outside the court.
"For so long, prosecutors have been reluctant to charge Border Patrol agents with violent crimes," said John Fife, a retired Presbyterian minister who was active in the sanctuary movement that sheltered citizens of Central American countries who came to the U.S. in the 1980s fleeing civil war. "Now we will see if they can be held accountable."
The Border Patrol came under close scrutiny during the Obama administration for allegations of excessive use of force. Customs and Border Protection, its parent agency, reported 55 incidents in which employees used firearms from Oct. 1, 2011 to Sept. 30, 2012. The number of incidents fell to 17 for the period from Oct. 1, 2016 to Sept. 30, 2017.
Lee Gelernt, a New York-based lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, said they believe Swartz will be the first border agent prosecuted by the Department of Justice in a fatal shooting across the international line.
Gelernt is handling a parallel civil case, now before the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco, which the teen's mother filed against Swartz seeking monetary damages.
The civil case argues that Elena Rodriguez was protected by U.S. constitutional guarantees for due process when they were shot dead in Mexico because the two communities of Nogales are part of a unique cross-border community.
(Lacy Atkins/The Tennessean via AP). In this Monday, April 23, 2018 photo, Travis Reinking, suspected of killing four people in a late-night shooting at a Waffle House restaurant, is escorted into the Hill Detention Center in Nashville, Tenn., Monday, ...
(Metro Nashville Police Department via AP). In this image released by the Metro Nashville Police Department, Travis Reinking poses for a booking photo on Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn. The mentally unstable gunman suspected of killing four...
(Lacy Atkins/The Tennessean via AP). In this Monday, April 23, 2018 photo, Travis Reinking, suspected of killing four people in a late-night shooting at a Waffle House restaurant, is escorted into the Hill Detention Center in Nashville, Tenn., Monday, ...
By SHEILA BURKE, KATHLEEN FOODY and JAY REEVES
Associated Press
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Travis Reinking's erratic behavior began years before police say they showed up without pants at a Waffle House restaurant and killed four people with an assault-style rifle.
The onetime construction crane operator bounced between states and suffered from delusions, sometimes talking about plans to marry singer Taylor Swift, friends and relatives told police. They were arrested outside the White House last year after asking to speak to President Donald Trump, and their bizarre actions seemed to intensify in recent days with a car theft.
Now Reinking is charged in Tennessee with four counts of criminal homicide. He's been jailed without bond.
"He's a good kid that went off the handle for some reason," said Dave Warren, who once worked with Reinking in Colorado.
Former co-workers at Rocky Mountain Crane in Salida, Colorado, told police after the shooting that Reinking as complex.
They didn't drink or do drugs, according to a police report describing the interviews, and they were known as intelligent, polite and an excellent equipment operator. They didn't like the government or the National Rifle Association, and they talked about being a "sovereign citizen," although the meaning of the phrase wasn't clear.
What seemed to drive Reinking more than anything was an obsession with Swift, the report said.
Reinking told police - once in Tazewell County, Illinois, in 2016, and again in Colorado last year - that Swift was stalking him. They were infatuated with them and supposedly purchased a $14,000 ring and drove to California to try to meet her, authorities said.
But co-workers also knew Reinking as openly gay, according to the interview notes.
Ken and Darlene Sustrich, the owners of the crane service where Reinking worked for six months, recalled a time when they and other members of a crew were returning to Salida after completing a job. As they passed through the town of Last Chance, Colorado, Reinking quit on the spot.
"He misconstrued that was their last chance," Ken Sustrich said. "He got super-paranoid, and they quit that day. They said, 'This is my last chance.'"
Reinking's intelligence impressed them. They would sometimes talk about astrophysics, Darlene Sustrich said.
In their last few days at the crane service, they began showing signs of paranoia.
"You could see something was off with him, but nothing violent," Darline Sustrich said. Then came a call from the FBI, saying Reinking had tried to jump the White House fence.
"We told them, 'Hang onto them if you can. Help them if you can,'" they said.
Ken Sustrich told police that they reached out to Reinking's father with concerns about their son's mental health. They said the father replied that they were aware of the issues and "had been recently trying to rekindle their relationship with Travis," the police report said.
Back in Illinois last June, a sheriff's report showed, the younger Reinking barged into a community swimming pool and jumped in wearing only underwear and a pink woman's coat. That same day, an employee at their family's business, J&J Cranes, said they emerged from an apartment above the office wearing a pink dress, clutching a rifle and yelling profanities, according to a report.
The sheriff's department called their father, who was out of state. They told officers that they had taken four guns away when their son was "having problems" but later returned them.
Police suggested that Jeff Reinking "lock the guns back up until Travis gets mental help," officer Randy Davis wrote in a report. The father agreed to do so.
When they were arrested at the White House, Reinking was not armed, but Illinois state police revoked their state firearms card at the FBI's request. Four guns, including the AR-15 used in the Waffle House shooting, were transferred to their father, a procedure allowed under Illinois law. The father said they later returned the guns to their son again, police said.
Signs of paranoid delusions continued: In August, Reinking told police they wanted to file a report about 20 to 30 people tapping into their computer and phone and people "barking like dogs" outside their residence, according to a report.
It isn't clear why Reinking moved recently to the Nashville area from Morton, Illinois, and if it had anything to do with being near Swift. The performer has a home in Nashville, though it's not their only residence.
A representative of Swift did not return a message seeking comment, nor did the public defender appointed to represent Reinking, who has not entered a plea.
Nashville police say they were not aware of Reinking's past fixation with Swift, but authorities in Music City say they are all too familiar with people being preoccupied with the superstar.
"You wouldn't believe how many people are obsessed with Taylor Swift," Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson said.
Reinking apparently kept a low profile until recent days.
Alerted to the theft of a BMW from a car dealer last week, officers decided against a risky chase knowing the car had a GPS device and could be located. Police found the vehicle outside Reinking's apartment, but they did not figure out until after the attack that Reinking had apparently taken it.
___
Foody reported from Denver, Colorado. Reeves reported from Birmingham, Alabama. Associated Press writers Dan Elliott in Salida, Colorado; Ed White in Detroit; John Raby in Charleston, West Virginia; Kristin Hall in Nashville; and Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, also contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
At 5 years old, Joseph Livingston faced a brutal third-degree burn. The cause: consumer fireworks.
They were celebrating Labor Day in Columbia, Md., with their neighbors back in 2016.
One of the neighbors was playing with fireworks when a sparkler went off, striking Joseph. They suffered first-, second- and third-degree burns on their legs.
Now, at 7 years old, Joseph is still receiving treatments at Johns Hopkins' Pediatric Trauma and Burn Unit after suffering the consequences of consumer firework dangers.
Jackson Lee/Getty Images
The National Fire Protection Association, a trade organization that advocates for fire safety, found that 12,900 people were treated at U.S. hospital emergency rooms for firework-related injuries last year. Children under the age of 15 accounted for more than a third of those injuries.
Fireworks can reach temperatures nearly 2,000 degrees and sparklers can reach 1,200, according to the organization.
Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images
To put that into perspective, water's boiling point is 212 degrees.
More fires are reported on July 4 than any other day of the year and 50 percent of those are caused by fireworks, the organization found.
It urges people to not use consumer fireworks.
Bills that look boring, but aren't
COLIN CAMPBELL
Guest Columnist
RALEIGH — The legislature's one-day session on Aug. 3 was initially supposed to be about overriding Gov. Roy Cooper's vetoes, but that's not what happened during the 10-hour meeting.
Cooper had issued a proclamation calling for the session after they vetoed four bills from the regular session. The Democrat's proclamations don't carry much weight around the General Assembly, so Republican leaders decided to stick the vetoes on the back burner.
House Speaker Tim Moore told me the delay was needed because legislators from both parties were absent for vacations and medical issues. Legally, there's no deadline for override votes until next year's session ends.
Instead, the legislature tackled unfinished business — mostly deregulation efforts sought by businesses. Moore said early in the day that they “assumes” the bills on the agenda would be “non-controversial.” That assumption proved false as the day dragged on until night with closed-door GOP caucus debates and opposition from Democrats.
Politically, this month is a convenient time to kill government regulations that environmentalists will fight to keep. Lots of people are on vacation and aren't paying attention to politics, and news coverage is focused on the looming legislative redistricting battles. Plus, one-day sessions are efficient for ramming through legislation without first getting feedback — remember House Bill 2?
Most bills on the Aug. 3 agenda weren't released in advance, and several were disguised with incredibly boring titles like “Various Clarifying Changes” and “Amend Administrative Procedure Laws.” I bet your eyes glazed over just reading those, but stick with me. I promise there's important stuff in there.
I'm not going to pretend I'm smart enough to understand all eight pages of “Amend Administrative Procedure Laws,” but the most controversial provision would take some regulating power away from state agencies and give it to the legislature. Agencies would be banned from making regulations that would cost more than $100 million over five years to companies and people affected, and the legislature would get a chance to review any regulations with total costs over $10 million.
Senate leader Phil Berger told WRAL that elected officials should control rules that would “impose on citizens things that cost money.” But the restriction would also apply to agencies led by elected officials, such as the Department of Agriculture. Rep. Pricey Harrison, D-Guilford, said on Twitter that the bill is “far reaching and stunning in its impact. It's outrageous that it will be taken up (with) no public notice and no House review.” After the bill passed the Senate without debate, Harrison lodged an objection and the House later postponed a vote. But the bill could come back later.
Two other bills did make it to the governor's desk by the end of the session. “Various Clarifying Changes” included budget cuts to several mental health management agencies, shifting the money to other agencies to fix what lawmakers called a “miscalculation.”
The “Business Regulatory Reform Act of 2017,” which drew opposition from most Democrats, is a 16-page grab bag of deregulation provisions. It loosens water quality rules and imposes limitations on local governments' power over landfill permits. Rep. Chuck McGrady, R-Henderson, called the final bill a compromise because it didn't feature more controversial provisions repealing the Outer Banks plastic shopping bag ban and dropping requirements for coal ash disposal.
But those proposals aren't dead, because nothing at the legislature ever really dies. We could see those provisions again when lawmakers return to Raleigh later in August. Let's just hope they'll give the public more than a few hours to review and comment on whatever legislation is on the agenda.
Colin Campbell is editor of the Insider State Government News Service. Follow them at NCInsider.com or @RaleighReporter. Write to them at ccampbell@ncinsider.com.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Today we bring to you one of the big shark of directors duping banks of crores while engaging in legal battles with fellow business people. All accusing them of allegedly failing to make their payments. This is a story which shows how the smaller amounts end up becoming bad loans worth crores, how one wrong move can set the honest business people into a downward spiral of petty pending payments and massive bank loans. Whether it's Rs 53 crore owed to the banks or Rs 3 lakhs owed to a fellow business people, bad business decisions end up hurting everyone involved in the process from what we found, it's possible that the company in question here was itself in so much financial trouble that it had to request for a dormant status until it felt fit to actively operate once again.
Case number 47 in the NewsX NPA list is Vibgyor Texotech limited. According to our list, this company owes IndusInd Bank Rs 53 crore. The registered address of the company is 309 Navyug 167 Tokersi Jivraj Road, Sewree, Mumbai. According to the ROC records with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Vibgyor Texotech was incorporated in July 2005 with an authorized capital of Rs 10 crore. While the company's e-filing status on the ROC is active, the data for when it held its last AGM and filed its last balance sheet is not available.
As we looked further into the ROC records, we found one more pending loan. A massive amount of Rs 69 crore rupees which the company owes to State Bank of India. As we dug deeper in the case, more startling revelations came to light. We will tell you how the directors of this company have been duping banks of crores while engaging in legal battles with fellow business people. This is a story which shows how the smaller amounts multiply to bad loans worth crores.
The directors of the company are Vijay Nambiar, Unni Krishna Nambiar and Dhananjayan Kunhiveetil. When we checked the records for the primary director Vijay Nambiar, the ROC records showed one more company under their name called Minaxi weaving mills private limited.
As we looked into this second company, we found that it owed several banks crores of rupees. They have a loan of Rs 2 crore, another of Rs 23 crore, 2 loans of 17 crore each and a last loan of Rs 23 crore. This takes the total amount to a whopping Rs 82 crore. After we finished our preliminary research, we visited the official address of the company. The neighbours were cluelessness and had never heard the name of the company before but to our surprise, we found an office that was up and running.
After it was confirmed that Vibgyor Texotech exists on the ground, we spoke to the secretary at the office. They told us that none of the directors come to the office, adding one of the directors Vijay Nambiar is in the US right now but dismissed the bad loans as a minor issue.
When we revisited documents with us, we found out about this court case from July 2009. It's a recovery suit filed against Vibgyor Texotech by a Delhi based firm. It has been alleged that Vibgyor's director approached the Delhi firm to purchase certain material. They were liable to pay a little over Rs 3 lakh but made a payment of only Rs 1 lakh 56 Thousand.
The court order further says that the directors of Vibgyor were delivered a notice to make the payment in 2008 as well, but it failed to do so. Suggesting that the matter had been going on in court for a while. Ultimately, Vibgyor ended up losing this suit. Whether they finally made the payment or not, we do not know. But this isn't the only case. We found another court case dated July 2017.
As per the records, one of the directors of Vibgyor, Unnikrishnan Nambiar was seeking to quash an earlier order passed by Patna High Court for a prima facie case to be made against the director under sections 406 and 420 of the IPC for cheating and dishonesty.
As we dug further, we found a pattern. The complainant in the case had alleged that the directors of Vibgyor made purchases from their company but soon began to make irregular payments. It has further been alleged that Unnikrishnan owed the complainant Rs 11 lakh, dating back to 2009.
The director of the company found relief in this case as the court accepted their plea to quash the earlier Patna High Court order. So while the directors of Vibgyor have a trail of legal cases, we found this ministry of corporate affairs document from 2016. The document lists both of Vijay Nambiar's companies — Vibgyor Texotech and Minaxi weaving mills ltd as dormant under the Ministry of Corporate Affairs data.
Let's see what this could mean by definition a dormant company is the one that hasn't been carrying any business or has made any significant accounting transaction in the last two years. Such a company can either submit a request to be made ‘dormant' or the registrar can suo moto grant the dormant status if it fails to file its statutory filings for 3 consecutive years or more.
NewsX wrote to companies official email address, and despite them being active, we haven't received a response. We also tried to reach out to the bank, but failed to receive any response. So this is what we know. Dhananjayan Kunhiveetil and Vijay Nambiar started Vibgyor Texotech Ltd in July 2005, Vijay Nambiar's father Unnikrishnan Nambiar joined as a director in 2007. On the NewsX NPA list, the company owes IndusInd bank Rs 53 crore. While on the ROC records it owes State Bank of India Rs 69 crore. When we visited the registered address of the company, we found it's office to be active. On the ROC records, this company too has pending loans totalling to Rs 82 crore.
The court in it's order said that the dispute between the director of Vibgyor Texotech and the aggrieved firm was of civil nature and didn't amount to criminality. However, as we go on investigating case after case, we can't help but ask why the system allows firms to get away with alleged financial fraud. Whether it's Rs 53 crore owed to the banks or 3 lakh owed to a fellow business people, bad business decisions end up hurting everyone involved in the process from what we found, it's possible that the company in question here was itself in so much financial trouble that it had to request for a dormant status until it felt fit to actively operate once again?
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
While most parents probably do their best to keep their young children from being exposed to super vulgar rap from the likes of rappers like Lil Pump, one dad figured it'd be alright for their 11-year-old son to post their reaction videos to that sort of music on Youtube. Now, that 11-year-old has one of the most popular channels on the site under the name “PF” and counts Lil Yachty as a mutual fan.
The Daily Beast‘s Taylor Lorenz profiled exactly how Ruairi, the prodigious young music critic accumulated so many followers and fans so quickly.
In Ruairi's React videos they sit next to their bespectacled father while blasting the latest Lil Pump, Frank Ocean, Tyler the Creator, Brockhampton, or any other popular artist of their choosing. Ruairi probes their dad about what they think of the album, explains nuances of the lyrics, makes jokes, occasionally rolls their eyes, and occasionally goes on hilarious tangents.
This simple setup, shot on an iPad and edited with iMovie, has amassed the junior reviewer 33,000 followers and rave reviews from other Youtube vloggers like Anthony Fantano for Ruairi's honesty, excitable demeanor, and surprising wealth of knowledge. Because he's so unpretentious and straightforward, their reviews and reactions have resonated in a huge way, despite the generic presentation of their page and channel name.
The profile also details how they came about their unique style:
PURCHASE, N.Y. (AP) — PepsiCo Inc. (PEP) on Wednesday reported fourth-quarter profit of $1.4 billion.
On a per-share basis, the Purchase, New York-based company said it had profit of 97 cents. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring costs and restructuring costs, came to $1.20 per share.
The results beat Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of seven analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $1.16 per share.
The food and beverage company posted revenue of $19.52 billion in the period, missing Street forecasts. Three analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $19.6 billion.
PepsiCo expects full-year earnings to be $5.09 per share.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on PEP at https://www.zacks.com/ap/PEP
_____
Keywords: PepsiCo, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings
AMC
Sunday night's mid-season return of The Walking Dead fixed a lot of the past half season's problems: it kept Rick Grimes and their gang of survivors together rather than splitting them up. It resisted the temptation to focus everyone's attention on Negan or the anticipation of Negan's next appearance. And it featured a good old fashioned horde of Walkers that needed to be slaughtered.
And slaughter them Rick and Michonne did, using a cable hanging between two cars to mow down over 300 of the undead. We get that number from The Walking Dead website's Story Sync function, which blows away the previous record held by Glenn in season five when they drove a vehicle through a horde of zombies, earning them 50 kills.
What's really interesting about the gory cable scene is that it was put together on the fly as the crew filmed the explosives scene. Originally, the herd simply got a bit too close while the gang was collecting dynamite and Rosita was supposed to throw a bundle of sticks into the Walker crowd, giving them enough room to escape. But executive producer Greg Nicotero decided to spice things up when they saw the cable and and a missed opportunity from the writing team.
“It wasn't in the script,” Nicotero said in an interview with ComicBook.com. “We wanted the episode to have a big bang so when we come back, we were always coming back with a splash. We knew that we had a lot of pressure because of what we did last mid-season premiere, and we were like, ‘How are we gonna top what we've done before?'”
Last season's return featured Alexandria overrun with Walkers that ended up tearing Jessie, Ron, and Sam to shreds. They needed a bigger bang than a little dynamite would provide to compete, and a massacre via cable seemed to fit perfectly. It also gave the show's new power couple Rick and Michonne a chance to kick ass.
“I pitched it to Scott. I said, ‘Let's have them hot wire the cars. As long as we can separate Carl and Tara and them from Rick and Michonne, it gives us a great opportunity to have Rick and Michonne do something together.'”
The perfect ending to a Walking Dead Valentine's Day episode. Is there anything more romantic than breaking the record for most Walkers killed in a single episode together? I don't think so.
(Via ComicBook.com)
Republican Debbie Lesko is the projected winner of Arizona's special election on Tuesday in a contest both parties were watching as a barometer of political strength ahead of the November midterm election.
Democrat Hiral Tiperneni performed strongly, which bolsters the party's argument that enthusiasm remains high for their candidates and helps reinforce their argument that a so-called "blue wave" is coming this fall.
Shortly after 11 p.m. ET, Lesko had 52.7 percent of the vote, compared to Tiperneni's 46.9 percent, with 74 percent of precincts reporting. The Associated Press called the race.
Tiperneni said they would not concede on Tuesday night.
Anita Snow/AP
But both Democrats and Republicans will dissect the details of the contest — specifically the final margin between the two candidates.
Arizona has a competitive Senate race this fall and how independents broke in Tuesday's contest along with how many Republicans crossed over to vote for Tiperneni will be poured over for any indication of how voters may go in November.
The early returns also indicated the Democrats' record of overperformance in special elections continues although the large number of white, older, Republican-leaning voters in the district, which is a popular one for retirees, made it tough for Tiperneni to prevail.
Even with the numbers against her, Republicans spent heavy and hard in this contest to secure the win.
Unlike the March special election in Pennsylvania, where there was a strong suburban population, the 8th Congressional District in Arizona, has a history of being reliably red. Former Rep. Trent Franks, in their three times on the ballot, won with more than 25 percent of the vote.
Lesko's victory only gives them the seat for the remainder of this year.
Both they and Tipirneni are expected to run again. First, each of them has to get through the August 28 primary for the right to compete in November.
In Tuesday's contest, which was triggered by Frank's resignation from Congress last year, Tiperneni outpaced Lesko in campaign fundraising by over $100,000, but outside groups invested heavily in the Republican.
The Republican National Committee (RNC), National Republican Campaign Committee (NRCC) and the Congressional Leadership Fund (CLF) poured over $1.3 million into the race from primary to election day, according to FEC filings, while Democratic outside groups spent just over $300,000.
“Debbie is a strong conservative whose values truly reflect those of the voters in Arizona's Eighth District,” NRCC Chairman Steve Stivers said in a statement Tuesday night. “The NRCC was proud to support them and our targeted and early investments proved to be a difference maker in the race.”
Ross D. Franklin/AP
One GOP strategist called the Republican spending in the race an “education campaign” to remind voters the special election was taking place.
Trump carried Arizona's 8th Congressional District, which lies to the northwest of Phoenix and was once the home base for Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, by 21 points in the 2016 presidential election and the population in the district is older than most, with a median age of 43 according to U.S. Census Bureau data.
The average median age for congressional districts in Arizona is 38, and the 8th Congressional District is the second oldest in a state with a significant retiree population.
Republicans will face tough contests in much less demographically favorable districts come November and still face two more special elections in the coming months.
There will be a special election in Texas' 27th Congressional District on June 30th to replace the seat vacated by Rep. Blake Farenthold, and a special election in Ohio's 12th congressional district on August 7th.
India won the U19 World Cup 2018 and crushed Australia to added one more cup to the gallery. Team Guided by Rahul Dravid and led by Prithvi Shaw made it possible for the fourth time in Junior Indian Cricket history. India beats Australia by 8 wickets, Star of the match Manjot Kalra scored a ton while chasing a simple target of 217 runs. Indian bowlers also did their job perfectly as Ishan Porel, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy took 2 wickets each.
On Saturday, India crushed Australia in the title clash by 8 wickets in the U19 World Cup 2018 at Bay Oval stadium, Thauranga, New Zealand. Final match was completely a team show, headed by a spectacular ton from Manjot Kalra. Indian opener scored 101 on 102 with a strike rate of 99.02 and led their team towards victory. India lifted the Under 19 world for the fourth time, Indian skipper Prithvi Shaw followed the steps of Unmukt Chand and senior team skipper Virat Kohli. This Indian junior side was fully loaded talented players like Prithvi Shaw, Kamlesh Nagar Koti, Shubham Gill, Shivam Mavi and others.
India thrashed 3-time world champion Australia by 8 wickets before this match U19 Indian side nailed arch-rival Pakistan by 203 runs in the semi-final match. During the journey, Prithvi Shaw and company proved themselves on each and every step of the tournament. The road to lift world cup was not so easy, as it took a lot of hard work from the Team members and supporting staff. We have listed down 6 big reasons and strengths behind the Champion side.
Sunderland chief executive Martin Bain has had a busy few days - and it shows no sign of getting quieter.
For all the latest on the appointment of a new manager, plus transfer news, scroll down to our live blog and refresh.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
A crucial vote to determine the fate of Hamilton's light rail transit will take place at city hall this Wednesday. All 16 members of council including the mayor, will decide whether to move forward with the LRT. A new city-wide poll out shows almost half of Hamiltonians surveyed oppose the $1-billion project.
An LRT survey conducted by Forum research, funded by nine councillors was created to gage the public's interest in light rail transit in the city. More than 3 000 people were called and more than half of the decided people on the call list are against it.
Actor Ryan Reynolds says they are addicted to ‘Game of Thrones', and would like to replace Irish actors Aiden Gillen or Liam Cunningham in the fantasy series.
The HBO fantasy series, which is filmed in Northern Ireland, has featured a host of Irish talent over the years – including Ciaran Hinds and Jack Gleeson.
In an interview to Irish Sun, Canadian star Reynolds who has Irish roots in Galway, said they hope their heritage could help them push out Cunningham, who plays Ser Davos Seaworth, or Gillen, who essays Petyr ‘Littlefinger' Baelish, reports irishmirror.ie.
They said, “It's no secret, I'm a ‘Game of Thrones' nut. I'm an addict. There's nothing I won't do to get my next fix. No boundary of self-respect, I'll do whatever it is I have to do to have more. Would I want a part? On one hand, I'm a fan so I like my outside perspective into that world but on the other, f*** yeah, how ridiculously insane would that be?”
The ‘Deadpool' star is not sure ‘how or where' they would fit in.
“Are there any new parts? Maybe I could just take over (one of the Irish roles). There are some amazing Irish actors, and I'm Irish, I've got that rugged pallor for maybe Littlefinger or Davos. I could see that. Or maybe I could be a long lost Lannister?”
The seventh season of the fantasy series will debut on July 16 in the US. It will premiere in India on Star World and Star World HD on July 18.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Rookie running back Leonard Fournette caused a stir last week when they said the transition from college to the NFL was "really easy" because they played in the Southeastern Conference.
As outlandish as that sounds, several of their Jacksonville Jaguars teammates say he's right.
"I feel like they were kind of right," said third-year running back T.J. Yeldon, who played three seasons at Alabama. "Playing in the SEC, the game speeds up. It's faster. It's kind of like the NFL. The NFL is a tad bit faster.
"I get where he's coming from with that comment."
Rookie offensive tackle Cam Robinson also played at Alabama, and while the offensive line is a different world than running back, they said their games against LSU, Auburn, Florida and the rest of the SEC have made a huge difference for him.
"I feel like what they were trying to say was the speed of the game we played in college, just the talent game in and game out that you're going against, is so elite that the game is played at a fast pace," Robinson said. "So I think they were just meaning that when it came to the actual pace of the game that what we faced at college did a god job preparing us for what we see at this level right now."
Unlike Yeldon and Robinson, running back Corey Grant wasn't drafted and didn't step into a starting role as a rookie. They signed with the Jaguars in 2015 as an undrafted free agent and got on the field as a kick returner and carried the ball just six times for 2 yards.
Even so, they said playing at both Alabama and Auburn -- they left Tuscaloosa, Alabama, after one season -- helped ease the transition.
"I kind of feel the same way [as Fournette]," Grant said. "Coming from the SEC, it's really a hard-nosed league. Pac-10, all those others conferences and stuff, they're good and they're physical and everything, but it's just something about coming out of the SEC. You see a lot of guys who come out of the SEC [and] when they get into the league they kind of have success. I'm not going to say more success, but the majority are successful.
"And you know just playing against that caliber of talent in the SEC and then coming into the NFL it, kind of just translated right over."
Fournette made their comment after the Jaguars' 31-24 victory over New England in the preseason opener in which they rushed for 31 yards and a touchdown on nine carries. They converted a fourth-and-1 with an 8-yard run and scored on a 1-yard touchdown run against a Patriots team that held 40 of their 90 players out of the game, including the entire starting lineup on both sides of the ball.
"It's a lot slower than I really thought," Fournette told NFL Media. "That's how I've been since I first got into the NFL. A lot of people were like, 'It's going to be fast.' But by me playing the SEC, that kind of helped me a lot. I think to me it was really easy."
To be fair, Fournette made a similar comment after an early training-camp practice, saying the game slowed down for them once the team put on full pads: "It's easier now."
Grant said that's what Fournette probably should have said last week: The transition hasn't been as tough as they were warned it would be. Using the word "easy" was what caused the uproar -- although it may actually be the case for Fournette, who rushed for 3,830 yards and 40 touchdowns in three seasons at LSU.
"I mean, it could be easy for him," Grant said. "He's a different breed. He's a very high-caliber player and since he's been here and being in meetings with him, he's surprised me as a rookie. This is just my third year but you have guys come and out all the time and he's one guy that really stood out to me. They knew protections, different cuts, runs, identifying defenses.
"That's a credit to them and credit to LSU developing players to be ready for the league once they get here."
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) -- New York Jets rookie wide receiver ArDarius Stewart is recovering from recent operations on a thumb and their groin.
The third-round draft pick out of Alabama had the injuries before joining the Jets, coach Todd Bowles said. Although Stewart participated in rookie minicamp last month, they needed to have the procedures during the past two weeks.
Bowles says Wednesday that Stewart should be ''good to go'' for the start of training camp in late July.
Fellow rookie receiver Chad Hansen, a fourth-rounder from California, hurt a knee Tuesday and didn't participate in practice Wednesday. Bowles says only that the knee is sore and it's not a serious injury.
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
A group of south Lafourche business people and former football players will hold “Coach ‘O' Day” for Ed Orgeron to celebrate them being named head football coach of the LSU Tigers.
There will be a banquet and program to honor Orgeron, known as “Ba Ba” locally in their home parish of south Lafourche. The event will be held at the Larose Civic Center oh February 17 at 6 p.m.
The program will also celebrate the 40th anniversary of the 1977 State Champion South Lafourche High School Tarpon football team. Members of that team are being invited to attend the banquet and will be introduced while seated in a special VIP section.
During the program Orgeron, who was an outstanding of that team, will have their high school jersey retired. Orgeron played alongside Louisiana football great Bobby Hebert on the Class 4A championship team before heading to LSU and Northwestern to play college football.
There will also be a special section set aside for LSU players, current and former, who want to cheer on their coach.
Organizers of the event say there will be celebrity guests from across the state representing business, political, media, and athletic achievement.
Tickets and more information will be available soon including individual tickets prices, sponsor tables, and a full program of activities and invited celebrity guests. They say plans now are to have a time period set aside for Orgeron to personally meet business people and women at specially designated sponsor tables at the banquet.
All proceeds from this event will be donated to nonprofit organizations.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
ROME (AP) — Italy's highest court has rejected a request by a German group to release its migrant rescue boat seized eight months ago by prosecutors investigating allegations that non-governmental organizations colluded with migrant smugglers.
The German group, Jugend Rettet, said Tuesday that it was devastated by the Cassation Court's ruling and that "we will fight for the right to rescue people in danger at sea."
Doctors Without Borders said the ruling "sends a working signal (that) Europe will continue to criminalize humanitarian organizations conducting search-and-rescue operations ... rather than strengthening capacities to save lives at sea."
Prosecutors told the court that the Iuventa was seized based on three episodes in which crew members had contact with migrant smugglers. The group's spokesperson, Philipp Kulker, said in Berlin that the evidence had been fabricated.
The coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics has stepped down, the latest departure to rock the embattled organization in the wake of a sexual abuse scandal centered on former team doctor Larry Nassar.
Valeri Liukin said Friday they were stepping down after taking over for Martha Karolyi in September 2016.
Liukin said in a statement that while they wanted to help turn the program around, "the present climate causes me, and more importantly my family, far too much stress, difficulty and uncertainty."
USA Gymnastics did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Its board of directors stepped down earlier this week under pressure from the United States Olympic Committee.
The USOC announced Friday it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation into decades-long abuse by Nassar, a longtime doctor for USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University who is awaiting sentencing for assault charges against athletes at a Michigan gym. Nassar has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison on similar charges in a separate case completed last week and was previously sentenced to 60 years in prison on child pornography charges.
Liukin, a four-time Olympic medalist while competing for the Soviet Union, is the father of 2008 Olympic all-around champion Nastia Liukin.  They are the longtime owner of World Olympic Gymnastics Academy in Texas and served as the elite development coordinator for USA Gymnastics from 2013 until taking over for Karolyi shortly after the 2016 Olympics.
Liukin says it's time for them to move in a different direction right now, but they will still support and encourage athletes and coaches from a different vantage point.
Avigdor Liberman held the first-ever visit by an Israeli defense minister in Kigali, capital of Rwanda, on Monday, meeting with President Paul Kagame, Defense Minister James Kabarebe and Foreign Minister Louise Mushikiwabo.
Liberman told Kagame, "The visit to Rwanda has historical significance for the relations between the two countries. Rwanda and Israel share a desire for a better future for their citizens, partnerships and friendships that are being built." They stressed, "I am proud to be the first Israeli defense minister to visit your capital. The relations between the two countries are stronger and deeper than ever."
COLUMBIA, Mo. — Missouri forward Jontay Porter has withdrawn their name from NBA draft and will return for their sophomore season.
The school announced Porter's decision on Wednesday, the final day the 6-foot-11 forward could remove their name from the draft and return to the Tigers for next season. Porter followed the lead of their brother, Michael Porter Jr., in declaring for the draft last month, but they didn't hire an agent.
Jontay Porter averaged 9.9 points and 6.8 rebounds per game as a first-year student for Missouri, doing so after reclassifying their prep eligibility and skipping their senior year of high school so they could join their brother with the Tigers. They earned Southeastern Conference Co-Sixth Man of the Year honours and was named to the league's All-Freshman team.
The 18-year-old took part in the NBA's draft combine two weeks ago and was projected to be taken late in the first round or early in the second.
JERUSALEM (AP) — The Israeli military says it has struck Hamas military positions in the Gaza Strip after Palestinian militants fired a rocket toward southern Israel.
Israeli planes and tanks shelled the Palestinian territory on Monday after the rocket strike, in what was the latest in a series of cross-border exchanges that have left at least four Palestinians dead. No injuries were reported Monday.
Monday's strikes came a day after Israel said it destroyed a tunnel built by Hamas that ran several hundred meters (yards) into Israeli territory. Hamas threatened Israel with a "heavy price" for demolishing the tunnel.
Palestinians and Israeli forces have clashed across the West Bank and along the Gaza border following President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Depression has been linked with a multitude of pathological processes, including inflammation of the peripheral immune system, a set of biological structures and processes in the lymph nodes and other tissues that protect against disease and abnormalities involving synapses, the structures that permit neurons to pass an electrical or chemical signal to other neurons.
Including grapes in your diet may have a positive impact on your mental health as researchers have found that certain grape-derived compounds might be developed as therapeutic agents for the treatment of depression. The results, published online in the journal Nature Communications, indicate that these natural compounds may reduce depression by targeting newly discovered underlying mechanisms of the disease. “The discovery of these new, natural grape-derived polyphenol compounds targeting cellular and molecular pathways associated with inflammation may provide an effective way to treat a subset of people with depression and anxiety, a condition that affects so many people,” said lead researcher Giulio Maria Pasinetti, Professor at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York.
Depression is associated with a multitude of pathological processes, including inflammation of the peripheral immune system, a set of biological structures and processes in the lymph nodes and other tissues that protect against disease and abnormalities involving synapses, the structures that permit neurons to pass an electrical or chemical signal to other neurons. However, currently available antidepressants are largely restricted to targeting the systems that regulate serotonin, dopamine, and other related neurotransmitters, and these treatments do not specifically address inflammation and synaptic maladaptations that are now known to be associated with major depressive disorder.
Previous research has found that grape-derived polyphenols have some efficacy in modulating aspects of depression, yet the mechanisms of action had largely remained unknown until now. The new study found that a bioactive dietary polyphenol preparation from grape was effective in promoting resilience against stress-induced depression in mice.
Specifically, the researchers found that two grape derived compounds dihydrocaffeic acid (DHCA) and malvidin-3′-O-glucoside (Mal-gluc) can promote resilience in mouse models of depression by modulating inflammation and synaptic plasticity, respectively. “Our research shows that combination treatment with the two compounds can promote resilience against stress-mediated depression-like phenotypes by modulating systemic inflammatory responses and brain synaptic plasticity in a mouse model of depression,” said Jun Wang, Associate Professor at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--, a global procurement intelligence advisory firm, has announced the release of their ‘ . ' The insights and data in this report provide a strategic analysis of the supply markets, factors influencing purchasing decisions, procurement best practices, pricing models, supplier landscape, and an analysis of the supplier capability matrix for the . This report breaks down the data and analysis behind the procurement of acrylic resins and acts as an all-inclusive guide for making smart purchasing decisions.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006425/en/
Acrylic Resins Procurement Report.(Graphic: Business Wire)
“The growing use of the acrylic resins in the manufacture of light guides in LCD contributes to the growth of the market,” says SpendEdge procurement analyst Anil Seth. “Also, APAC is considered as the largest contributor to the global acrylic resins market, both in terms of production and consumption,” added Anil.
Looking for more insights from this report?
SpendEdge sample reports are free of charge and provide insights that focus on cost-saving aspects of procurement and optimization of category spend.
Procurement analysts at SpendEdge highlight the following top three market trends that are contributing to the growth of the Global Acrylic Resins Market:
Increasing adoption of bio-acrylic resins Adoption of manufacturing technologies that can increase efficiency Increase in joint ventures between global and regional players
This report is available at USD 1000 discount for a limited time only:
Increasing adoption of bio-acrylic resins
In the acrylic resins category, the suppliers are shifting toward bio-acrylic resins that use renewable raw materials such as sugar and glucose syrup. This shift toward the bio-acrylic resins will help the buyers reduce the overall cost of acrylic resins.
Adoption of manufacturing technologies that can increase efficiency
Globally, the suppliers are replacing old technologies with the latest technologies to increase their production efficiency. These technologies will help the suppliers reduce their production costs by eliminating additional costs associated with electricity.
Increase in joint ventures between global and regional players
In the acrylic resins category, the suppliers are focusing on entering into joint ventures to expand their reach across potential regions. This also helps the buyers procure high-quality acrylic acid at cost-effective rates.
to gain detailed insights into the current market trends.
Get unlimited access to all our reports. Our Insights platform provides ready-to-use procurement research reports, the latest supplier news, innovation landscape, markets insights, supplier tracking, and much more at the click of a button.
We also reports meeting clients' requirements.
Related Reports:
About SpendEdge
SpendEdge shares your passion for driving sourcing and procurement excellence. We are a preferred procurement market intelligence partner for Fortune 500 firms and other leading companies across numerous industries. Our strength lies in delivering robust, real-time procurement market intelligence that helps to source and procurement professionals make informed decisions. These innovative procurement solutions help enterprises transform structural capabilities, improve execution efficiency, and fast-track time to savings.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006425/en/
CONTACT: SpendEdge
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US: +1 630 984 7340
hello@spendedge.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS
SOURCE: SpendEdge
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 04:15 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 04:15 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006425/en
It looks like Ford may be preparing a one-two punch on the Chevrolet Camaro. After it announced the 2018 Mustang GT would arrive with 460 horsepower from the 5.0-liter Coyote V-8 engine—not so coincidentally 5 hp greater than the output of the Camaro SS—now Ford might tackle the Camaro SS 1LE given mounting evidence pointing to a new performance package.
Various postings to the Mustang6G forum point to what documents call the Performance Package Level 2, which will likely build upon the Mustang GT's previously announced Performance Pack. It appears that the new package includes a stiffer suspension, larger Brembo brakes, a bigger radiator, 19-inch wheels, and more. The documents don't describe the Level 2 package in detail, but various order guides allude to the package multiple times and reference a late availability following the 2018 Mustang GT's launch.
Last November, a Mustang6G forum user who claimed to be a Ford dealership employee, first noted the Level 2 package. To their or their credit, Ford has confirmed every other option posted other than the Level 2 package. Then, an ordering guide said a set of 19-inch wheels will be offered with the "GT Performance Package Level 2." Finally, a third ordering guide referenced the same 19-inch wheels and described availability for non-Premium Package Mustang GT Fastbacks. However, it didn't mention the Level 2 package specifically.
We doubt the inclusion of the Performance Package Level 2 in numerous documents is simply a coincidence, but we'll have to wait and see what the Mustang team is cooking. If it's true, Camaro SS 1LE drivers may need to watch their backs.
McGinley could be Harte's new right-hand man 06 October 2017
Former Tyrone player Enda McGinley (right) on commentary.
©INPHO/Cathal Noonan. Former Tyrone player Enda McGinley (right) on commentary.©INPHO/Cathal Noonan.
There is speculation that Enda McGinley is poised to become Mickey Harte's new right-hand man in Tyrone.
The Irish Daily Star reports that the three-time All-Ireland winner could replace their former Tyrone team-mate Gavin Devlin as assistant manager as part of a shake-up in the wake of the Red Hands' disastrous All-Ireland semi-final loss to Dublin.
McGinley won All-Ireland minor, U21 and senior medals as well as a Tyrone SFC medal under Harte during a glittering playing career and could be about to link up with their Errigal Ciaran club-mate once again. The 36-year physio retired from inter-county football in 2011 and writes a weekly column for the Irish News.
OTTAWA — An Opposition motion being debated in the House of Commons today calls on the government to act to stop the influx of illegal border crossers entering Canada from the U.S.
Conservative immigration critic Michelle Rempel and public safety critic Pierre Paul-Hus say they believe the government is simply throwing money at the problem of irregular migration that has been ramping up again this year, notably in Quebec.
Concerns were raised last week by the Quebec government over the mounting pressures caused by the tens of thousands of asylum seekers pouring into that province over the last year.
Some officials are projecting a further 400 people a day could cross into Quebec through forest paths this summer to claim asylum in Canada — a situation Rempel says will only exacerbate ongoing backlogs in the processing of refugee claims.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and House Republicans are escalating their feud with an outdoor retail company that opposes the Trump administration's plan to shrink two sprawling Utah national monuments.
The House Natural Resources Committee said in a tweet that clothing giant Patagonia is "lying" about Trump's plan in order "to sell more products to wealthy elitist urban dwellers from New York to San Francisco."
The tweet comes after Patagonia replaced its usual home page with a black screen and stark message: "The President Stole Your Land." Patagonia filed suit last week to block the planned reduction to Bears Ears National Monument.
Zinke retweeted the Resources committee post on their official account.
Former government ethics chief Walter Shaub tweeted that Zinke "misused their official position by retweeting this wildly inappropriate tweet."
Quintin Rome needed a safe place, both physically and mentally, before they started to flower as a student in high school.
Rome, 17, is this year's recipient of the McTavish Award at Laurier secondary school. “I guess they are the caterpillar to the butterfly,” said Laurier teacher Jeff Ste. Marie.
Asked about what got them through the rough times in their life, Rome considers the question carefully.
“I couldn't tell you. It's mostly the people around me that built me up,” they said.
The award, which was officially presented Wednesday evening, goes to a graduating student who overcomes hardships during their time in high school.
Each high school in the public board has a McTavish recipient
“When Quintin came to Laurier in Grade 9, they were struggling,” said Ste. Marie. “Thankfully, they had some very good support from here at the school.”
Their adoptive family was also instrumental in helping the London teen grow and change after they were shuttled between their mother and father.
“It's a nice thing to be recognized like that,” Rome said of the honour.
Rome hopes to have a career in design. Their original plan was also a career working with their hands – blacksmithing – but they don't see a future for themselves down that path.
“My passions are in fashion,” Rome said. “I want to push body positivity.”
After a year off, a condensed 15-week program at Fleming College is what comes next for him. Then a career designing and creating fashion lines for both women and men.
Asked what lessons other students could learn from Rome, Ste. Marie said, “You have to take ownership of your own learning.”
Students need to focus and get down to their schoolwork, they added.
The future entrepreneur brings up a quote from Steve Jobs as the source of their inspiration: “The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.”
“He just carries themselves with a great spirit,” Ste. Marie said of the young man.
danbrown@postmedia.com
McTavish Award recipients by school
Maggie Capson, Lucas
Deanna Newman, Arthur Voaden
Anna Manuel, Davison
Ashleigh Johnston, Central Elgin
Joshua Runciman, Clarke Road
Beka Loker, College Avenue
Khira Irwin, East Elgin
Mager Paw, Forest City Program
Kayley Hansford, Glencoe
Katelyn Ram, Glendale
Sydney Start, Beal
Meghan Smith, Huron Park
Chelsey Brown, Ingersoll
Nicole McLuhan, Central
Mackenzie Spong, South
Natalie Brock, Lord Dorchester
Lauren Moore, Medway
Marta-Alicia Membreno, Montcalm
Jacey Muncaster, North Middlesex
Laney Andersen, Oakridge
Jocelyn Lucan, Parkside
Ash Templeman, Saunders
Tarryn Bouttarath, Banting
Quintin Rome, Laurier
Walid Kazimme, Strathroy
Kassandra Kellestine, West Elgin
Hannah and Kayla Gillis, Westminster
Isabel Cockle, Woodstock
'Nahman saved another person in their final minutes of life and then died himself.'
Nahman Itah, the Betar Illit resident who drowned in the Kinneret last week and whose body was recovered Monday, was brought to burial Tuesday at the Har Hamenuhot cemetery in Jerusalem.
Itah's body was located together with that of Liron Karadi. Karadi's funeral is taking place at Or Akiva cemetery. The searches for the third missing person, Itamar Ohana of Kiryat Shmona, continues.
Itah's father said at the funeral that "Nahman saved another person in their final minutes of life and then died himself. They always helped and wanted to help. All of us, mother, me and your brothers forgive you and are not angry with you."
Itah drowned after the sea mattress they were sitting on with their girlfriend was swept into the Kinneret and capsized. A passing jet ski saved their girlfriend but Itah themselves drowned and their body was only found Monday.
Itah's uncle, David, eulogized him, stating that "death came into the window like a thief. Where did this fall on us? I already buried a brother and a number of nephews. Pray G-d should stop this terrible decree."
NEW DELHI (AP) — The leaders of India and Cambodia on Saturday agreed to work toward a bilateral investment treaty that could see tens of millions of dollars pour into the Southeast Asian nation.
The meeting between Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi saw Cambodia invite Indian investment in information technology, pharmaceuticals, agriculture and horticulture, infrastructure and small and medium enterprises.
A broader treaty will take time but India agreed to provide lines of credit, including nearly $37 million to finance a Cambodian water project. India also offered lines of credit for setting up specialty hospitals, expanding road, rail and digital connectivity and construction of a high-powered electric line.
A joint statement said Modi also offered to train Cambodian youth in information technology.
The leaders held talks in New Delhi at the end of a summit attended by 10 Southeast Asian leaders commemorating the 25th anniversary of ASEAN-India ties.
India is seeking to deepen bonds with Southeast Asia amid wariness over China's growing influence in the region.
Modi also reaffirmed India's commitment to undertake restoration and conservation work at the ancient temple of Lord Shiva at Preah Vihear in Cambodia.
The two sides expressed satisfaction over the ongoing restoration work at Ta Prohm temple being carried out by the Archaeological Survey of India.
The Cambodian prime minister will conclude their visit to India on Sunday.
Transcript for Trump addresses the nation with a moving speech after gunman opens fire on members of Congress
President Trump speaking to the nation, acknowledging the deep divide. Urging calm today. I want to bring in Cecilia Vega. This was a bit of a test of sort for the president after a shooting like this. We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capitol is here because above all they love our country. We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans. That our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace. Cecilia, you heard from those lawmakers in the report just beforehand here on the hill. One told me we have in fact reached that breaking point. Americans have to come together despite their political views, is the White House aware of that. They certainly are and in this call of unity is stretching from the White House down to capitol hill and frankly both sides of the aisle. The question right now is, this is coming at time in terms of deep division in the country. Cecilia, as the president deals with tone, he's also dealing with a new headline breaking late today, the Washington post now reporting that Robert Mueller the special counsel could be investigating the president for possible obstruction of justice. Essentially the President Trump is now part of this investigation personally, they're looking into possible obstruction of justice. Former FBI director James Comey just kre lently testified the president they were not under investigation. Under their tenure. We did just get a statement from the president's legal team, they called this a leak that's outrageous and illegal.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
From Trussville Tribune Staff Reports
BIRMINGHAM — The National Weather Service (NWS) in Birmingham has issued a flood warning for urban areas and small streams in Chilton, Blount, Bibb, Greene, Hale, Tuscaloosa, Walker and Jefferson counties until 11:45 a.m.
According to the National Weather Service, at 9:47 a.m., doppler radar indicated thunderstorms producing heavy rain which will cause flooding. One to two inches of rain is possible in a short period of time. Some places may receive more.
Some locations that will experience flooding include, Birmingham, Tuscaloosa, Hoover, Vestavia Hills, Alabaster, Bessemer, Homewood, Northport, Pelham, Mountain Brook, Trussville, Helena, Hueytown, Gardendale, Irondale, Leeds, Moody, Calera, Fairfield and Chelsea.
The NWS urges travelers not to turn around as most flood-related deaths occur in vehicles, and to keep children away from storm drains, culverts, creeks and streams. Water levels can rise rapidly and sweep children away.
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--With their co-counsel, Keller Rohrback L.L.P. commenced litigation on April 20, 2018, against Ford Motor Company, Robert Bosch GmbH, and certain subsidiaries and executives over an alleged conspiracy to evade emissions testing in 2011-2018 F-250, F-350, and F-450 Super Duty trucks equipped with 6.7-liter Power Stroke diesel engines.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006376/en/
Keller Rohrback L.L.P. filed a lawsuit against Motor Company and Robert Bosch GmbH on April 20, 2018. (Photo: Business Wire)
Testing indicates that Ford and Bosch are complicit in the marketing and sale of trucks that are spewing excessive levels of harmful pollution into the atmosphere, Keller Rohrback alleges. Over 500,000 of Ford's best-selling F-Series trucks may be affected. Owners and lessees of these vehicles have been misled by Ford's failure to disclose that these trucks could only achieve advertised fuel efficiency and performance by cheating emissions tests, according to the lawsuit.
The suit claims Ford failed to tell regulators and consumers that the Power Stroke engines' emissions system does not operate in accordance with emissions standards at all times and was programmed to allow the engine to pollute at much higher levels in certain normal driving conditions.
Lynn Sarko, the managing partner of Keller Rohrback L.L.P., a leading consumer protection firm, has been appointed by federal courts to leadership roles in multidistrict litigation against Volkswagen and Fiat Chrysler over emissions cheating in diesel cars and trucks. Since then, hundreds of concerned consumers from around the country have contacted Keller Rohrback to find out what they can do to help ensure that Ford and Bosch are held responsible for their conduct by compensating consumers and fixing polluting trucks.
If you, a friend, or a family member owns or leases any of the affected vehicles described above, please contact attorneys Gretchen Freeman Cappio or Ryan McDevitt by phone at 866.560.4043 or via email at Cars@kellerrohrback.com to discuss our investigation and your potential claims against Ford and Bosch.
About Keller Rohrback L.L.P.
Keller Rohrback L.L.P., with offices in Seattle, Oakland, Phoenix, New York, Montana, and Santa Barbara, serves as lead and co-lead counsel in class actions throughout the country. Our Complex Litigation Group is proud to offer its expertise to clients nationwide, and our trial lawyers have obtained judgments and settlements in excess of $23.25 billion.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006376/en/
CONTACT: Keller Rohrback L.L.P.
Gretchen Freeman Cappio or Ryan McDevitt, 866-560-4043
1201 Third Avenue, Suite 3200
Seattle, WA 98101
cars@kellerrohrback.com
www.krcomplexlit.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PROFESSIONAL SERVICES LEGAL
SOURCE: Keller Rohrback L.L.P.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 03:37 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 03:37 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006376/en
POINT PLEASANT — Mayor's Night Out will be returning this Friday with a change in the original schedule.
Paul Doeffinger will be performing in the place of Tangled Roots. Doeffinger was unable to perform in their original spot on June 22 because of inclement weather.
Doeffinger is a local performer who has a large fan base within the Ohio Valley.  They are a singer-songwrier from Mason County, their performances are a mix of classic country and rock, as well as their well-known orignals. Doeffinger brings out several fans wherever they set up with their microphone and takes out their acoustic guitar.
Following Doeffinger, on Friday, July 13, New Salvation will be bringing gospel music to the Riverfront Stage.
Matt Metheney, performing July 20, will be playing country music for the evening. From Rutland, Ohio, Metheney has been writing and playing songs for over two years with three songs currently on radio and on iTunes. Their most listened to track is “Drunk on Memories” which they wrote for three friends they lost. He's performed in Nashville, Tenn., at The Adelphia Music Hall in Marietta, Ohio and The Colony Club in Gallipolis, Ohio. He's playing several fairs and venues this summer.
The Flatrock Revival, performing July 27, consists of well known local musicians Sammy Doolittle, Josh Billings, and Gary Lyons. The group performs 20th Century rock, country and rhythm and blues.
The performances for August will be Blue Moves, performing Aug. 3; Cee-Cee Miller, performing Aug. 17; The Deep Creatures, performing Aug. 24; Karen Allen, performing Aug. 31.
Mayor's Night Out is held at the River Park Amphitheater with each show beginning at 8 p.m.
The event is a summertime set of free concerts put on by the City of Point Pleasant. The series will continue through Aug. 31, with the exception of the Friday of the Mason County Fair.
Erin Perkins, OVP Reporter, contributed to this article.
Paul Doeffinger is a local performer who has a large fan base within the Ohio Valley. https://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/07/web1_7.25-PPR-Mayors-1.jpg Paul Doeffinger is a local performer who has a large fan base within the Ohio Valley.
Boston College guard Ky Bowman will return to school for their junior year after deciding to withdraw from the NBA draft.
Bowman is the Atlantic Coast Conference's top returning scorer, averaging 17.6 points per game last year, when they were an honourable mention for the all-ACC team.
The 6-foot-1 North Carolina native says it was a good experience to go through the evaluation process and still dreams of playing in the NBA.
By The Associated Press
DENVER (AP) — Kyrie Irving scored 10 of their 27 points in the fourth quarter, Jaylen Brown hit a go-ahead 3-pointer with 34 seconds remaining and the struggling Boston Celtics edged the Denver Nuggets 111-110 on Monday night.
Denver had a chance to win in dramatic fashion at the end but Torrey Craig's tip-in of Will Barton's long attempt from 3-point range was too late.
Irving finished 11 of 17 from the field to lead the Celtics to just their second win in seven games. Jayson Tatum added 20 points and Marcus Morris had 14 off the bench.
Boston blew a 20-point lead and trailed heading into the final period. Then the Celtics couldn't hold onto a six-point advantage in the final two minutes as the Nuggets tied the game at 108 with 43 seconds to go.
Nikola Jokic had a double-double by the first minute of the second half for Denver, finishing with 24 points and 11 rebounds. Barton scored 19, Gary Harris 15 and Jamal Murray 14.
Mason Plumlee had 16 points and eight rebounds before they left with a leg injury in the fourth.
The Celtics beat Denver for the second time this season, also prevailing 124-118 on Dec. 13.
Boston made 10 of its first 16 shots from beyond the perimeter to go up 51-31 in the second quarter and led 56-45 at halftime. Irving led the way with 15 points on 6-of-7 shooting.
The Nuggets climbed back on the strength of a 14-5 run to end the half and outscored Boston 37-24 in the third to go up 82-80.
TIP-INS
Celtics: G Terry Rozier played despite spraining their right ankle at Golden State on Saturday and scored eight points off the bench. The backup guard has played in every game this season. ... Daniel Theis had 11 points and Al Horford scored 10.
Nuggets: Jokic has recorded a double-double in 20 of their past 40 games. ... F Wilson Chandler sat out with an illness. He'd been dealing with symptoms of a migraine since they left in the first half of Saturday's win over Dallas. . F Kenneth Faried played for the first time in four games and had zero points and five rebounds in five minutes.
UP NEXT
Celtics: Host the New York Knicks on Wednesday to open a three-game homestand.
Nuggets: At the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday, looking to end a 10-game losing streak at AT&T Center.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
WWE Smackdown Live
Previously on the Best and Worst of WWE Smackdown Live: Lana got a Smackdown Women's Championship match on pay-per-view despite having never wrestled on TV, Mojo Rawley failed in their attempt to defeat the leveled-up Jinder Mahal and get into the Money in the Bank ladder match, and Fandango expressed their extreme distaste for male rompers.
Remember that With Spandex is on Twitter, so follow it. Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook. You can also follow me on Twitter. Also, make sure you're reading the vintage Best and Worst reports.
Hit those share buttons! Leave us comments, spread the word about the column on Facebook and Twitter, and tell everyone in the office you're not working because you're busy reading jokes about pro wrestling. This is the good show, so let's get some conversation going and spark some interest, and, best case scenario, get people to click on a column about something other than the fiendish nightmare loop that is Monday Night Raw.
And now, the Best and Worst of WWE Smackdown Live for June 13, 2017.
(AP File Photo). FILE - In this April 23, 1972 file photo, actor Robert Wagner and their former wife, actor Natalie Wood, pose at the Dorchester Hotel in London, England. Investigators are now calling Wagner a "person of interest" in the 1981 death of ...
(AP Photo/File). FILE - A Dec. 1, 1981 file photo shows actor Natalie Wood. Investigators are now calling 87-year-old actor Robert Wagner a "person of interest" in the 1981 death of their wife Natalie Wood. Mystery has swirled around Wood's death. It w...
(Photo by Todd Williamson /Invision/AP). FILE - In this Dec. 1, 2013 file photo, Robert Wagner attends The Caucus for Producers, Writers and Directors 31st Annual Awards in Beverly Hills, Calif. New witnesses have emerged in the 1981 drowning of actres...
(AP Photo/Paul J. Harrington, File). FILE - This Nov. 30, 1981 file photo shows the "Prince Valiant," the inflatable dinghy used by Natalie Wood, moored at the harbor in Avalon, Calif., after it washed up on the rocks on Santa Catalina Island. Patrolme...
By BRIAN MELLEY
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured for nearly four decades as the investigation has ebbed and flowed like the tides off a California island where their body was found floating on Thanksgiving weekend 1981.
Renewed interest came this week when the lead detective in the case said their widower, actor Robert Wagner, now 87, is considered a person of interest.
Here's a look at what's known about the death and the investigation over the years.
ALL ABOARD
The body of Wood, 43, was found off Catalina Island, a scenic getaway about 30 miles south of the Los Angeles-area coastline. The three-time Academy Award nominee who starred in "West Side Story" and "Rebel Without a Cause" couldn't swim. They were wearing a red down jacket and nightgown.
They had been drinking heavily aboard a yacht with their husband and with actor Christopher Walken, who was filming the thriller "Brainstorm" with Wood. The only other person aboard was the boat's captain.
Wagner, who was starring at the time in the TV drama "Hart to Hart," has denied any involvement in their wife's death, and no charges have been filed.
THEORIES FROM TWO KEY WITNESSES
Wagner wrote in a 2008 memoir that they and Walken argued that night. Walken went to bed and Wagner stayed up for a while, they wrote. When they went to bed, they noticed their wife and a rubber dinghy that had been tied to the yacht were missing.
"There are only two possibilities," Wagner wrote, "either they were trying to get away from the argument, or they were trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened."
Walken has said little publicly over the years about the incident and has offered brusque replies at times when pressed. However, they told Playboy in 1997 that they thought Wood was probably half-asleep and slipped, hit their head and fell from the dinghy.
"Anybody there saw the logistics - of the boat, the night, where we were, that it was raining - and would know exactly what happened," Walken said. "You hear about things happening to people - they slip in the bathtub, fall down the stairs, step off the curb in London because they think that the cars come the other way - and they die. You feel you want to die making an effort at something; you don't want to die in some unnecessary way."
CHANGING INVESTIGATION
Authorities initially ruled the death an accidental drowning, but that changed. They reopened the investigation in 2011 after the boat's captain, Dennis Davern, said they heard the couple arguing the night of them disappearance.
The Los Angeles coroner's office amended Wood's death certificate in 2012 to include "drowning and other undetermined factors."
The change was due in part because investigators couldn't rule out that some of the bruises and marks on Wood's body happened before they went into the water, according to the report. Wood wasn't wearing a life jacket, had no history of suicide attempts and didn't leave a note.
The report also revealed that investigators hadn't preserved Wood's fingernails to determine if they had tried to claw their way back into the dinghy. Scratch marks were found on the craft's hull.
When the case was reopened, Los Angeles County sheriff's Lt. John Corina said Wagner was not a suspect.
This week, Corina told CBS News that they didn't believe Wagner had told the whole story about what happened and called them a person of interest in the case.
Initially, a sheriff's spokesperson downplayed the report Thursday and said there was nothing new in the case. But later, the department issued a statement confirming that Wagner is a person of interest.
"Do we have enough to make an arrest at this moment? No," spokesperson Nicole Nishida said.
WHAT WALKEN AND WAGNER TOLD INVESTIGATORS
Investigators made at least 10 attempts to interview Wagner again after reopening the investigation in 2011, including tracking them down in Colorado. But either Wagner or their lawyer refused.
Wagner's attorney, Blair Berk, issued a statement five years ago saying neither Wagner nor their daughters had any new information and blaming people for trying to exploit the 30th anniversary of Wood's death.
"Mr. Wagner has fully cooperated over the last 30 years in the investigation of the accidental drowning of their wife in 1981," Berk said at the time. "Mr. Wagner has been interviewed on multiple occasions by the Los Angeles sheriff's department and answered every single question asked of them by detectives during those interviews."
At the time, Corina said Walken gave a prepared statement and spoke to detectives for an hour.
Detectives also interviewed other actors who knew Wagner and Wood to learn more about their relationship.
NEW WITNESSES COME FORWARD
New witnesses interviewed since the case was reopened gave statements that "portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night," said Nishida, the sheriff's spokesperson.
One witness described hearing yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom, they said. Shortly afterward, other witnesses heard a man and woman arguing on the back of the boat and believe the voices were those of Wood and Wagner.
Those statements differ from the version of events originally provided by witnesses, including those who were on the boat, they said.
In the past, people on boats moored near the yacht have provided witness statements.
Wagner's publicist, Alan Nierob, declined to comment Thursday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The wonderful freak fight is less than two weeks away and in Las Vegas the sideshow attractions are starting to arrive for the carnival.
In one of the city's gyms Conor McGregor has hired one of the world's finest referees, Joe Cortez, to help them get an increased understanding of boxing's rules, especially under the stress of sparring, and to generally improve the Dublin fighter's boxing etiquette. “I will be the King of boxing,” declared McGregor after another bizarre shuffle and lunge session in the ring; their warm-up routine is comedy gold, but I'm not sure it is meant to be funny.
In another part of the fabled city and in another gym Floyd Mayweather has acquired a nasty edge as yet again the world's best boxer is losing the popularity race; Mayweather just might be a spiteful man on the night when the grappling horde, the boxing faithful, the conmen, the thieves, the rollers, the lost souls and their entourages of endless dreamers shut down the city for a fight to end all fights.
McGregor has taken possession of their garish gown for the night, courtesy of the Versace heiress and flown fresh from Milan to be worn in front of millions once the lights have dimmed at the T-Mobile Arena on the 26th of this month. It is a cloak that Liberace, the true extravagant prince of Las Vegas, would have worn with pride. A lot of dead men and women from the Las Vegas circuit would applaud McGregor's style, their endless striving to shine.  They are a Las Vegas child, make no mistake.
View photos The American boxer has promised that they will knock McGregor out (Getty) More
At Mayweather's headquarters the fighter's cacophonous gaggle, a chorus without too many scruples, roar their every fart, duck and punch with the glazed-eyed adoration of a two-bob religious mob.  They are their tiny leader, a topless messiah, impossibly clean at every moment – they have several men with towels ready to collect the slightest sign of perspiration – and during their sessions they have worked hard on boxing's basics; McGregor has worked on outrageous punch routines in public and has hopefully taken the advice from former world champion Larry Holmes in their private sessions. Holmes is convinced there will be a real fight and that McGregor has to simply walk in, hands up, body low, back Mayweather to the corner and bang away. Nice idea, Ricky Hatton and a dozen others tried it. Hatton, like McGregor, had total belief that Mayweather was incapable of hurting them and that was part of their awful downfall.
The first of the fans will pour into the city this week, occupying the cheaper seats at the few remaining sordid bars where something like Guinness is served and offering their endless takes on the fight. McGregor will be their specialist topic as they scream their odds, ignoring history, facts and the awful reality that so many men discover once they are left to fight in a boxing ring. The kind words from Holmes, a man of great knowledge, will be sweet on the ears of Mayweather. “Everybody has a plan until they get hit,” is one of boxing's oldest maxims.
View photos McGregor is confident they can beat Mayweather inside four rounds (Getty) More
Read More
MINNEAPOLIS & REHOVOT, Israel--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Stratasys (Nasdaq: SSYS), a global leader in additive technology solutions, today announced it is seeking beta customers for a new software designed specifically to improve the Stratasys Additive Manufacturing solution for the production of jigs, fixtures, and other manufacturing tooling.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005546/en/
Combining the easy-to-use GrabCAD Print interface with the powerful Stratasys Insight software, Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print automates previously complex part preparation tasks (Graphic: Business Wire)
This new software component — called Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print — simplifies and automates print preparation for rapid tooling applications. This addition to the company's solutions for rapid tooling further enhances the use of Stratasys' robust industrial hardware and materials for creating Jigs & Fixtures on the factory floor.
Stratasys FDM Technology is used extensively for rapid tooling applications across industries. Companies from the Team Penske race team to consumer vacuum maker, Oreck, use FDM to accelerate the production of fit-for-purpose jigs and fixtures to reduce cost and repetitive stress injury, while improving cycle time and production flexibility. The new software will help industry streamline operations and improve efficiency for jig and fixture creation.
Offered through GrabCAD Print, the software embeds application expertise, automates several complicated and time-consuming processing steps, and eliminates the need for multiple programs within the workflow.
Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print expands upon the capabilities offered in Stratasys Insight to streamline the toolpath planning process; increasing ease of use, reducing time and costs to create jig and fixture parts, and maximizing the value for Stratasys' Additive Manufacturing solutions.
By accepting native CAD designs, the part's original design intent is maintained. This eliminates the need for users to convert their CAD design to an STL file, which can result in key information being lost during translation.
With Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print, Stratasys offers tooling designers and manufacturing engineers a streamlined design-to-part workflow and a user-friendly path between tooling CAD design and additive manufacturing.
The solution is designed to offer the following benefits:
Eliminates extensive design and processing knowledge as a barrier to implementation, opening up jig and fixture CAD design to more users, even first-time designers. Saves time and eliminates unnecessary iteration during the design and processing phase. Eliminates the need for formal software training because it's simple and intuitive to learn. Eliminates need for third-party software, including STL-file fixing applications, due to its ability to accept native CAD designs. Enables tooling designers to easily leverage the design freedom potential in FDM technology. Simplifies workflow by automating key CAD functionalities used for jigs and fixtures design, such as auto-generating toolpath instructions, and it significantly reduces tedious file preparation tasks.
The Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print software is targeted to manufacturing engineers, tooling designers, and production managers, as well as service bureau programmers, executives, and owners.
To learn more about the Stratasys Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print solution, visit www.Stratasys.com/tooling.
Beta Program
Those using Stratasys 3D Printers for jig and fixture or manufacturing aids production and would like to participate in the beta software program may contact Stratasys at: Info.grabcad.com/beta, and select “Jigs & Fixtures” when completing the registration form.
Stratasys is a global leader in applied additive technology solutions for industries including Aerospace, Automotive, Healthcare, Consumer Products and Education. For nearly 30 years, a deep and ongoing focus on customers' business requirements has fueled purposeful innovations — 1,200 granted and pending additive technology patents to date — that create new value across product lifecycle processes, from design prototypes to manufacturing tools and final production parts. The Stratasys 3D printing ecosystem of solutions and expertise — advanced materials; software with voxel level control; precise, repeatable and reliable FDM and PolyJet 3D printers; application-based expert services; on-demand parts and industry-defining partnerships — works to ensure seamless integration into each customer's evolving workflow. Fulfilling the real-world potential of additive, Stratasys delivers breakthrough industry-specific applications that accelerate business processes, optimize value chains and drive business performance improvements for thousands of future-ready leaders. Corporate headquarters: Minneapolis, Minnesota and Rehovot, Israel. Online at: www.stratasys.com, http://blog.stratasys.com and LinkedIn.
FDM and Stratasys are registered trademarks, and FDM Technology, Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print and the Stratasys signet are trademarks of Stratasys Ltd. and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
The statements in this press release relating to Stratasys' beliefs regarding the benefits consumers will experience from the Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print software, Stratasys' and expectation on the timing of shipping the Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print software, are forward-looking statements reflecting management's current expectations and beliefs. These forward-looking statements are based on current information that is, by its nature, subject to rapid and even abrupt change. Due to risks and uncertainties associated with Stratasys' business, actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the risk that consumers will not perceive the benefits of the Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print software to be the same as Stratasys does; the risk that unforeseen technical difficulties will delay the shipping of the Jigs and Fixtures for GrabCAD Print software and other risk factors set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” in Stratasys' most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 28, 2018. Stratasys is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Attention Editors, if you publish reader-contact information, please use:
USA 1-877-489-9449 Europe/Middle East/Africa +49-7229-7772-0 Asia Pacific +852 3944-8888
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005546/en/
CONTACT: Stratasys
Stratasys Corporate & North America
Craig.Librett@stratasys.com
+1 518-424-2497
or
Joe.Hiemenz@stratasys.com
+1 952-906-2726
or
Europe, Middle East, and Africa
Incus Media
Jonathan Wake or Miguel Afonso
stratasys@incus-media.com
+44 1737 215200
or
Greater China, Southeast Asia, ANZ, and India
Alison.Yin@stratasys.com
+ 86-21-33196051
or
Japan and Korea
Aya.Yoshizawa@stratasys.com
+81 3 5542 0042
or
Mexico, Central America, Caribe and South America
Yair.Canedo@stratasys.com
+52 55 4169 4181
or
Brazil
GP Communications
Caio.Ramos@GPcom.com.br
Nando@GPcom.com.br
+55 (11) 3129 5158
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MINNESOTA MIDDLE EAST ISRAEL
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE SOFTWARE HEALTH DENTAL OTHER HEALTH MANUFACTURING AEROSPACE AUTOMOTIVE MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS ENGINEERING PACKAGING DEFENSE OTHER DEFENSE
SOURCE: Stratasys
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 10:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 10:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005546/en
23:16 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Coming soon: Hollywood movie on Eichmann capture Read more Filming completed about capture: "We rented out a whole airport, we didn't take anything from the real location." ► ◄ Last Briefs
ISTANBUL (AP) — A trial has begun in Turkey against dozens of suspects, including the alleged shooter in the New Year's Eve attack that left 39 people dead in Istanbul.
Fifty-seven suspects, mostly foreigners and 51 of them behind bars, were on trial Monday on the outskirts of Istanbul.
Albulkadir Masharipov — the lead suspect — is charged with membership in a terror group, murder, attempting to overthrow the constitutional order, among other charges. The prosecutor is seeking multiple aggravated life sentences.
On Jan. 1, an assailant shot their way into Istanbul's Reina nightclub where hundreds were partying. The assailant escaped and the Islamic State group claimed the attack. Masharipov was caught 15 days later.
Turkey has been hit by a string of attacks since 2015, blamed on Kurdish militants and IS.
ERWIN, TN (WJHL) – Erwin Police Department officers arrested a man last week after they admitted to having a relationship with a minor.
According to an EPD news release, on Aug. 9 the police department received information about an inappropriate relationship between Justin Curtis Grindstaff, 35, of Elizabethton, and a 16-year-old female student.
Police officers conducted an investigation and the Unicoi County Director of Schools John English and Unicoi County High School Principal Chris Bogart were contacted for notification and assistance in the investigation.
Grindstaff — who was a substitute teacher, as well as a drum instructor at the school — was interviewed by police, where admitted to having a relationship and sexual contact with the student.
According to the release, Grindstaff was arrested and charged with two counts of statutory rape by an authority figure.
Unicoi County Schools issued the following news release about the incident:
On August 10, 2017, Chief Regan Tilson of the Erwin City Police Department notified John English, the Director of Unicoi County Schools that Justin Grindstaff was under investigation for having an improper relationship with a minor. Mr Grindstaff was serving as a substitute teacher and assisting with the band at Unicoi County High School; Mr. English terminated Mr. Grindstaff's employment immediately upon learning details about the investigation. These events will certainly impact our school and community. The school will offer counseling to any students who feel it is necessary. Out of respect for the people involved in this matter and their families, the Unicoi County Board of Education and its Administration will have no further comment. We urge members of the school community to refrain from gossiping or speculating since doing so could hurt innocent people and compromise any law enforcement investigation.”
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
The West Indian smashed almost 75% of their team's runs as Rangpur Riders secured their spot in the second qualifier in BPL 2017 [Read More]
—–
Source: Bangladesh news from Cricinfo
Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has reported to police about the schedule of Indian pacer Mohammad Shami in Dubai. The investigation is going on in relations to the allegations of match-fixing, bribe and physical assault on Indian cricketer Mohammad Shami by their wife Hasin Jahan. A team of Kolkata police is also in Uttar Pradesh to find the clues related to the case.
In the row of allegations of match-fixing, bribe and physical assault on Indian cricketer Mohammad Shami by their wife Hasin Jahan, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has told Kolkata police that the India pacer visited Dubai in February for 2 days. Kolkata police had asked BCCI about Shami's schedule in February when they were not the part of Indian team during the T20 matches on the tour of South Africa.
“We have received a letter from the BCCI which shows that Mohammed Shami was in Dubai on 17th and 18th February. We are investigating other things related to it,” Joint CP (crime) Praveen Tripathy to Indian Express. Kolkata police is scanning the matter closely whether Shami was in Dubai for personal reasons or if was sponsored by BCCI. A team of Kolkata police is also looking for clues in the state of Uttar Pradesh that are related to the case.
Investigating officer told media persons that they tried to meet Mohammad Shami's family however they couldn't meet them, but their wife Hasin Jahan has alleged that the family tried to kill them To find the roots of the truth police is also trying to get in touch with the doctor who apparently treated them
A few days ago, Mohammad Shami's wife Hasin Jahan alleged them for taking bribe from Mohammad Bhai, a business person of Dubai to fix the match through a Pakistani model. However, Pakistani model Alishba who was named in the matter by Mohammad Shami's wife Hasin Jahan released their statement and said that they don't know any Mohammad Bhai.
Indian cricketer Mohammed Shami's marital feud with wife Hasin Jahan has taken uglier turns and their troubles don't seem to get over anytime soon. The leading pacer after refuting all their wife's claims of adultery, physical assault, match-fixing and gang rape has claimed that they have proof of their innocence and wants the matter to be properly investigated by the BCCI as it involves their family and their career.
ALSO READ: Pakistani model reveals details about match-fixing allegations on Mohammad Shami
For all the latest Sports News, download NewsX App
On Saturday, January 14, 2017, volunteers joined together to celebrate the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
The Walls Project, a collaborative public art campaign, along with more than 70 organizations will participate in several community service projects over the course of January 13 until 16.
"I think what it says is that people recognize that we have a social contract with one another, and what I'm hoping is, is that this event shows that this doesn't need to just be one day out of the year," said Casey Phillips, Director of Wall Project.
Over four days, thousands of volunteers are expected in mid-city. Saturday, artist began preparing eight murals that will cover several area buildings.
Related Stories: The Walls Project seek volunteers, sponsorship for MLK Day Festival of Service
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
David Moyes is said to have spent their Easter Monday watching Sam Gallagher score against Bristol City.
It is not the first time the Black Cats have watched the 21-year-old this season, leading to regular speculation that a summer move is in the offing.
So who are they and where would they fit in?
First of all, is they likely to be on the move this summer?
It seems likely.
Gallagher made their first senior Southampton appearance against Sunderland in 2013, and scored their first goal months later in the FA Cup against Yeovil Town.
A long-term contract followed their first Premier League goal in March 2014 but as the Saints have continued to climb up the table, first team opportunities have proved harder to come by.
That goal three years ago is their last for Southampton, and they have continued to be limited to substitute appearances.
An unsuccessful loan spell at MK Dons last season was cut short before finding greater success at Blackburn this time around. Their Southampton career is reaching a pivotal moment, with their contract due to expire next summer.
With Manolo Gabbiadini making such an instant impact and Jay Rodriguez making a successful return from a long-term injury, a first team berth looks further away than ever.
That may tempt them to cash in this summer, putting a young British striker on the market at a relatively low price.
How have they done at Blackburn? Aren't they struggling at the bottom?
That goal against Bristol City broke an 11-game drought as Blackburn have laboured at the bottom.
On the whole, however, Gallagher has been one of Blackburn's better performers and 12 goals in such a poor side is no mean feat. That is, of course, the same number as former Sunderland striker Danny Graham in the same side, which may not excite the Black Cats faithful.
Gallagher's contribution has been as much about their all-round play, a regular since an impressive early season cameo against Cardiff. Coming on with their side 2-0 down, the striker's hold-up play was a catalyst for their side who almost overhauled the deficit.
The goals soon flowed and by the turn of the year they were on the brink of double figures. It has been harder work since then, competing with Graham and Swansea City striker Marvin Emnes for a starting spot.
A traditional target man but not lacking in speed, they would certainly fir the profile of the kind of player Sunderland have been looking for last summer.
Would they fit in at the Black Cats?
Sunderland's over reliance on Victor Anichebe this season has been well documented. Without their target man the Black Cats have struggled to make an attacking impact on games, unable to get up the pitch.
Their injuries have posed a massive problem that they have not been able to solve, and the failure to land Leonardo Ulloa in January has been a factor in their major struggle for goals since then.
Moyes' primary goal this summer will be to make major improvements to their midfield, but a target man will also be on the bill. That will become particularly important if Jermain Defoe and Fabio Borini leave. With Adnan Januzaj's loan and Anichebe's contract expiring, a complete overhaul of the front line will be due.
Gallagher would appeal as they could play wide in a 4-3-3 as Anichebe has done, or as the deeper player in a two-man attack.
Clearly, 21 and homegrown, Gallagher also fits the profile for signing young British players who can be developed.
If it is not Gallagher, they will be looking for someone like him.
Zionist Union chairperson says Israel should unilaterally withdraw from Judea and Samaria if peace talks with PA fail.
Zionist Union chairperson Avi Gabbay said Saturday that if negotiations with the Palestinian Authority fail, Israel should unilaterally withdraw from Judea and Samaria.
Speaking in the city of Ness Ziona, south of Tel Aviv, and quoted by Haaretz, Gabbay said, “We must do all we can in order to hold genuine negotiations.”
“If, after all our efforts, it seems the Palestinians don't want an agreement, we'll have to take unilateral measures to guarantee that Israel forever remains the homeland of the Jewish people. The liberty to make such a decision is ours, not theirs,” they continued.
“If there aren't two states for two peoples, there will be one state with an Arab majority, and we don't want to reach that situation. We are the ones who have to make the decisions and the Palestinians have to reach a situation where it is worth their while to reach an agreement,” said the Zionist Union chairperson.
"I believe we have to do everything possible to get to the negotiations stage and to build genuine mutual trust between the two sides so that we can make progress,” they opined.
Since being elected chairperson of the Labor party, Gabbay has made a series of statements which have been criticized by members of their own party and have given the impression that they were leaning toward the right.
In November, they said that they were against evicting communities in Judea and Samaria because “you can't evacuate 100,000 people in any arrangement that may be, it's impractical and unrealistic and not sensible.”
At the same time, Gabbay has also made clear that “I believe in territorial concessions, and in negotiations with the Palestinians. I also believe in a solution based on two states for two peoples, and a united Jerusalem under Israeli sovereignty."
Meanwhile, according to Haaretz, a Labor party team headed by MK Omer Bar-Lev is revising the party's platform on the Israeli-Palestinian Arab conflict, based on a two-state solution.
Gabbay, according to the report, plans to submit a resolution at the next party convention calling for “separating from the Palestinians on the basis of the principle of two states for two peoples.”
The move is in part a response to the recent Likud resolution in favor of annexing Judea and Samaria, but is also a response to harsh criticism of Gabbay from the left, including members of their own party, over their “hard right turn” on various issues, including Israel and the Palestinians.
Their statement on Saturday follows a poll published on Friday which showed the Zionist Union, a joint list made up of Labor and MK Tzipi Livni's Hatnua parties, is dropping in popularity.
The poll found that if elections were held today, Zionist Union would fall from 24 seats to just 13. That would result in the lowest number of Labor MKs ever elected to the Knesset, with a delegation of just 11 members. Two of the 13 Zionist Union MKs would come from Hatnua.
According to that poll, which was published in the Israel Hayom newspaper, Yair Lapid's Yesh Atid party would rise to a record high of 24 seats, compared to its present 11 seats, cementing Lapid's status as leader of the center-left instead of Labor.
Chief Minister Chandrasekhar Rao has raised the amount of financial aid under the marriage schemes Kalyana Lakshmi and Shaadi Mubarak for deprived girls in the state of Telangana. Earlier, the sum of aid granted was 75,116, which has now been revised to Rs 1 lakh.
Under the marriage scheme for underprivileged girls in the state, Chief Minister Chandrasekhar Rao has raised the financial assistance from Rs 75,116 to Rs 1.116 lakh. On account of this, the Deputy Speaker Padma Devender Reddy and other women MLAs of the state have extended greetings to the CM Chandrasekhar Rao. The Chief Minister made the announcement with an effect of the hike during the assembly on March 19, 2018. They said that the scheme had been providing assistance to poor families to marry off their daughters with a sum of Rs. Rs 51,000.
According to CM Chandrasekhar Rao, the running schemes Kalyana Lakshmi and Shaadi Mubarak were launched in October 2014. People belonging to SC, ST, and minority were the initial beneficiaries under this scheme. However, in the year 2017, the scheme was further made available for the BC and EBC families, and the assistance offered was increased to Rs 75,166. And as per the latest reforms, the scheme will grant an additional amount of Rs. 24,894 to the last revised amount equating it to one lakh rupees. CM Chandrasekhar Rao said that marriage is a costly affair and while studying the effects of poverty the severity of situation obligated them to launch the schemes in October 2014.
ALSO READ: Missing 19-year-old trekker's body found in deep trench in Himachal Pradesh
CM Chandrasekhar Rao said, “The girl has to be at least 18 years old for their family to be able to avail of the benefits of these schemes. This has helped prevent child marriages to a large extent. Marriages performed after receiving the benefits of this scheme get legal recognition as well as the recognition of the government,” the CM said. As per reports reveal, more than 3,60,000 people have benefited under the scheme till now. Apart from providing financial aid, the scheme has also supported prevention of child marriages in the state.
ALSO READ: Sexual harassment case: JNU students clash with cops; demand arrest of accused professor
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
The Week in Fact-Checking: How to beat bad Twitter
Think you know how to tell a real tweeter from a fake one? Test yourself with 10 tips compiled by digital sleuther Henk van Ess for Poynter.
Quote of the week
“Most people, most of the time, don't use social media for politics. But in the days before a major election or referendum social media platforms provide the most important source of information in most democracies. How they design for deliberation is now crucial to the success of democracy.” — Philip Howard and Bence Kollanyi, writing for The Guardian
A ‘dangerous' idea to stop misinformation
Should governments get involved in the regulation of fake news, disinformation and misinformation? Some European leaders are promoting that tactic, but history votes “no.”
In Catalonia, hoaxes on both sides
The violent aftermath of the Catalan independence referendum was a fertile territory for fake news, according to Clara Jiménez Cruz of Maldito Bulo. Pro-independence hoaxers faked incidents of police violence; anti-independence ones blamed protesters for police deaths. (ICYMI, Maldito Bulo and El Objetivo had published a pre-referendum video, and El Objetivo had dedicated a segment to political falsehoods about the referendum.)
Nuntii fallaces and the Pope
Pope Francis wants to fight nuntii fallaces (Latin for “fake news”) and they want to use the annual World Day of Social Communications to spread the word. In addition, a papal report on the evils of misinformation will be released on Jan. 24, the feast of St. Francis de Sales, the patron saint of journalists.
What are you checking?
We've all been there.
Digital budol-budol in the Philippines
At a Senate hearing in the Philippines this week, one senator warned that rampant misinformation in the country was the “e-version of budol-budol” — referring to a pervasive fake-money scam. The hearings are being held to examine the government's potential role in news literacy.
Following Facebook follies? Here's an update.
Two media professors implicate Facebook's advertising program in the U.S. election's fake news problem…Facebook and Google both promoted misinformation during the Las Vegas shootings this week…Americans are blaming Facebook for rampant misinformation on social media…A UNC professor isn't buying Mark Zuckerberg's “preposterous defense.”…Why can't we report Facebook videos as fake?
How to be a fact-checker
The new Better News website, supported by the American Press Institute and the Knight Foundation, is designed to be a curated collection of all the best resources, all in one place. Visit the fact-checking and accountability reporting sections and let us know what you'd add. (There's a handy online form.)
Fact checks this fact check of a fact check
A conservative writer blasts media fact-checking of politically charged monologues on gun control and health care by late-night talk show hosts. The writer, btw, was named “Journalist of the Year” and “Gun Rights Defender of the Year” by the Second Amendment Foundation.
Faktisk finds its footing in Norway
The Norwegian fact-checking consortium Faktisk has been up and running for three months now. Poynter's Daniel Funke says it has three key takeaways for fact-checkers around the world: “Try to share your fact checks for free, explore new distribution strategies and work with established media organizations to improve your resources.”
12 quick fact-checking links
(1) Is the panic over fake news also fake news? (2) Discussing gun control with friends? Share this fact check. (3) Magazine publishers launch a campaign to portray magazines as accurate and fact-checked: “Magazines. Better. Believe it.” (4) The University of Michigan's Teach-Out on “Fake News, Facts and Alternative Facts” begins this week. It's free. (5) Africa Check and controversial Afrikaans musician Steve Hofmeyr debate facts. (6) Are you at the Online News Association conference? Stop in at the “Verification Training for Journalists” training program Thursday at 2 p.m. in the Harding Room. (7) Dictionary.com has a new definition for fake news. (8) First Draft officially goes to Harvard. (9) Job: reporter on the WaPo Fact Checker team. (10) Anyone seen any Puerto Rico hoax roundups? Tweet us. (11) Jutta Kramm of Correctiv reflects on fake news and the German election. (12) The ICFJ announced the winners of its “TruthBuzz” awards.
Defensive end Michael Bennett defended their quarterback Wednesday, saying the Seattle Seahawks can't win without Russell Wilson under center.
"On a team with competitive people, there are going to be issues that are going to happen," Bennett said during an interview on 710 ESPN Seattle's "Brock and Salk" show. "There are just a lot of alpha males running around, but everybody supports Russell Wilson. We can't win a game without Russell Wilson. Russell Wilson is a top-five quarterback in the NFL. We cannot win a game without a guy like that."
Bennett's comments come weeks after an ESPN The Magazine article about cornerback? Richard Sherman, Super Bowl XLIX and division in the Seahawks' locker room.
Last week, Wilson called Sherman "one of the best teammates" they could ever ask for.
Bennett was asked how Wilson relates to the defensive players on the team.
"Russell relates best to me by just being himself," Bennett said Wednesday. "I think as a human being, you accept the person for who they are. You don't try to change them. You don't make them who you want to make them, who you want them to be. A person that reveals themselves for who they are is who you accept them to be. Russell has revealed themselves to me as a great person of great character, a person that gives back and a great leader. Also a great player."
Sherman has not yet been made available to the media during Seahawks practices.
The team wraps up its mandatory minicamp Wednesday and Thursday before a break until training camp in late July.
Over the past several years, small numbers of Uighurs have violently challenged the authorities, notably during riots in 2009, or committed terrorist acts. But the C.C.P. has since subjected the entire Uighur population of some 11 million to arbitrary arrest, draconian surveillance or systemic discrimination. Uighurs are culturally Muslim, and the government often cites the threat of foreign Islamist ideology to justify its security policies.
I have researched Xinjiang for three decades. Ethnic tensions have been common during all those years, and soon after 9/11, Chinese authorities started invoking the specter of “the three evil forces of separatism, extremism and terrorism” as a pretense to crack down on Uighurs. But state repression in Xinjiang has never been as severe as it has become since early 2017, when Chen Quanguo, the C.C.P.'s new leader in the region, began an intensive securitization program.
Mr. Chen has brought to Xinjiang the grid system of checkpoints, police stations, armored vehicles and constant patrols that they perfected while in their previous post in Tibet. The C.C.P. credits them with having quieted there a restive ethnic group unhappy with its rule. In their first year governing Xinjiang, Mr. Chen has already recruited tens of thousands of new security personnel.
As multiple news outlets have reported, they have also deployed high-tech tools in the service of creating a better police state. Uighurs' DNA is collected during state-run medical checkups. Local authorities now install a GPS tracking system in all vehicles. Government spy apps must be loaded on mobile phones. All communication software is banned except WeChat, which grants the police access to users' calls, texts and other shared content. When Uighurs buy a kitchen knife, their ID data is etched on the blade as a QR code.
This digitized surveillance is a modern take on conventional controls reminiscent of the Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and '70s. Some Uighurs report getting a knock on their door from security agents soon after receiving a call from overseas. Last autumn one Uighur told me that following several such intimidating visits over the summer, their elderly parents had texted him, “The phone screen is bad for our old eyes, so we're not using it anymore.” They had not heard from them since.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Xinjiang authorities have recently enforced a spate of regulations against Uighur customs, including some that confound common sense. A law now bans face coverings — but also “abnormal” beards. A Uighur village party chief was demoted for not smoking, on grounds that this failing displayed an insufficient “commitment to secularization.” Officials in the city of Kashgar, in southwest Xinjiang, recently jailed several prominent Uighur business people for not praying enough at a funeral — a sign of “extremism,” they claimed.
Any such violation, or simply being a Uighur artist or wealthy business person, can lead to indefinite detention in what the government euphemistically calls “political training centers” — a revival of punitive Maoist re-education camps — secured by high walls, razor wire, floodlights and guard towers. A revered Uighur Islamic scholar is said to have died in one of those centers this week.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
According to Radio Free Asia, a county official and a police officer in southern Xinjiang were instructed by superiors to lock up 40 percent of the local Uighur population. Adrian Zenz, a researcher at the European School of Culture and Theology, estimates that 5 percent of the Uighur population across Xinjiang has been or is currently detained — more than 500,000 people in all. Local orphanages overflow with the children of detainees; some children reportedly are sent to facilities in the eastern parts of China.
Why are so many Uighurs subjected to these harsh policies? A Chinese official in Kashgar explained: “You can't uproot all the weeds hidden among the crops in the field one by one — you need to spray chemicals to kill them all.” The C.C.P., once quite liberal in its approach to diversity, seems to be redefining Chinese identity in the image of the majority Han — its version, perhaps, of the nativism that appears to be sweeping other parts of the world. With ethnic difference itself now defined as a threat to the Chinese state, local leaders like Mr. Chen feel empowered to target Uighurs and their culture wholesale.
Some people in the Chinese bureaucracy and Chinese academic circles disagree with this approach. They worry that locking down an entire province and persecuting an entire ethnic group will only instill long-lasting resentment among Uighurs. Or they note that Mr. Chen's policies are so burdensome and so costly that they will be difficult to sustain: Han Chinese residents of Xinjiang also complain about the inconvenience and cost of living in such a police state.
Then there are the international repercussions. Blanket repression in Xinjiang can only hurt China's bid for the world's respect, just when the Trump administration's chaotic foreign policy offers Beijing an opportunity to enhance its own standing. Forget the image of President Xi Jinping as a responsible internationalist at Davos. Nothing shreds soft power abroad like coils of razor wire at home.
There's an old Chinese joke about Uighurs being the Silk Road's consummate entrepreneurs: When the first Chinese astronaut steps off their spaceship onto the moon, they will find a Uighur already there selling lamb kebabs. And so even as Mr. Chen cracks down in Xinjiang, the Chinese government touts the region as the gateway for its much-vaunted “one belt, one road” initiative, Mr. Xi's signature foreign policy project. The grand idea combines a plan to spend billions of dollars in development loans and transport investment across Eurasia with a strategic bid to establish China's diplomatic primacy in Asia.
But while Mr. Xi's government promises the world a new Silk Road through Muslim Central Asia and the Middle East, the Xinjiang authorities attempt to contain a purported “Uighur problem” by incarcerating many good citizens and spying from every street corner and mobile phone. The C.C.P.'s domestic policies contradict its international aspirations.
How does the party think that directives banning fasting during Ramadan in Xinjiang, requiring Uighur shops to sell alcohol and prohibiting Muslim parents from giving their children Islamic names will go over with governments and peoples from Pakistan to Turkey? The Chinese government may be calculating that money can buy these states' quiet acceptance. But the thousands of Uighur refugees in Turkey and Syria already complicate China's diplomacy.
Tibetans know well this hard face of China. Hong Kongers must wonder: If Uighur culture is criminalized and Xinjiang's supposed autonomy is a sham, what will happen to their own vibrant Cantonese culture and their city's shaky “one country, two systems” arrangement with Beijing? What might Taiwan's reunification with a securitized mainland look like? Will the big-data police state engulf the rest of China? The rest of the world?
As China's profile grows on the international stage, everyone would do well to ask if what happens in Xinjiang will stay in Xinjiang.
RENTON, Wash. — Before they left town a few weeks ago after working out for the Seahawks, Brandon Marshall picked up a little bit of Seattle-related gear at the airport.
They were that confident an opportunity to continue their career was going to happen with the Seahawks.
"I went in there and bought a couple of things, some shirts, socks because I knew that moment was going to happen. I felt good about the workout," Marshall said.
Marshall became the latest addition to the Seahawks when they signed a one-year deal Wednesday and was immediately on the field as Seattle continued its second week of OTAs. Marshall displayed some of that gear they bought when they announced on social media their intent to sign with the Seahawks.
Their work was limited in their first day, understandably, but it was a sign of how quickly Marshall wants to get this latest — maybe last — phase of their career started.
Marshall is coming off an abbreviated 2017 season where they were limited to five games with the New York Giants due to an ankle injury that required surgery. They were due to make $5 million this season with New York but was released by the Giants in mid-April. At age 34, Marshall said they didn't have many options after they were released.
"I think the sentiment around the league is that I'm done. And I get it, rightfully so, when you get on the other side of 30 and your production slips and you have a big injury. People count you out," Marshall said. "It was an interesting process. It was a humbling process."
While Marshall had their ankle repaired surgically, they also had surgery on their toe for an injury suffered during the 2015 season while with the New York Jets. The combination of procedures extended Marshall's recovery, and it was only just before being released by the Giants that they were able to progress beyond just rehabilitation from the surgeries.
Marshall said they were originally going to wait until they retired to have the toe surgery.
"That's the thing that took the longest. Right when I was released from the Giants, probably a few days later I was able to run pain free. I was able to run routes and do things and train while rehabbing, but it wasn't pain free. ... I've been working ever since. I feel good. I don't feel great. Obviously I've got a lot of catching up to do."
A fundraiser is underway to help put a healthy smile on the faces of Special Olympics Louisiana athletes and the people supporting them.
RELATED STORY: Special Olympics leads campaign to end the r-word
The Smile Generation fundraiser aims to give dental care to people with intellectual disabilities across Louisiana and Texas. Funds will go toward providing Special Olympic athletes with free on-site screenings and mouth guards.
“Our partnership with Special Olympics goes beyond the games and donated dental services. We're excited to be working together with our communities to help transform lives through the joy of sport,” said Amber Vermillion, Regional Marketing Manager of the Gulf Coast Region for The Smile Generation.
Several dental organizations in the Greater Baton Rouge area are participating in the Smile Generation fundraiser.
DENTAL GROUPS PARTICIPATING
Metarie Modern Dentistry
Dentists of Slidell
Acadian Modern Dentistry
Baton Rouge Modern Dentistry
Juban Crossing Modern Dentistry
Lafayette Modern Dentistry
Dentists of Lake Charles
Millerville Dental Group
You can choose what dental team you want to support when you make your donations online.
Organizers have incorporated an added incentive to encourage you to support the athletes. Smile Generation and participants have created a special offer of $50 off dentistry for your $25 donation. You have until March 31 to qualify for the special offer.
So far the Louisiana dental teams have raised $3,360 of their $16,000 goal.
MORE STORIES:
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Ciudad Victoria, Mexico — Mexican ex-governor Eugenio Hernandez, who is wanted in the United States for laundering drug money, was arrested Friday in their home state of Tamaulipas on corruption charges, prosecutors said.
They join a list of at least 20 ex-governors accused of corruption in Mexico, scandals that have badly damaged the image of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), from which most of them hailed.
Hernandez governed Tamaulipas, which borders the US state of Texas, from 2005 to 2010 for the PRI.
ADVERTISEMENT
 They are accused of embezzling public funds and laundering money.
They were indicted in Texas in 2015 along with their brother-in-law for laundering drug money, charges for which they face up to 20 years in prison in the United States.
A TV screen shows pictures of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and their older brother Kim Jong Nam, left, at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul, South Korea, Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017. Malaysian officials say a North Korean man has died after suddenly becoming ill at Kuala Lumpur's airport. The district police chief said Tuesday Feb. 14, 2017 they could not confirm South Korean media reports that the man was Kim Jong Nam, the older brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.﻿﻿ (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon)
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — The half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was assassinated at an airport in Kuala Lumpur, telling medical workers before they died that they had been attacked with a chemical spray, a Malaysian official said Tuesday.
Kim Jong Nam, 46, was targeted Monday in the shopping concourse at the airport and had not gone through immigration yet for their flight to Macau, said the senior government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
They were taken to the airport clinic and then died on the way to the hospital, the official said.
Kim Jong Nam was estranged from their younger brother, the North Korean leader. They had been tipped by outsiders to succeed their dictator father, but reportedly fell out of favor when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying they wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland. They were believed to have been living recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said Kim Jong Nam was killed at the airport by two women believed to be North Korean agents. They fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police, the reports said.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a 46-year-old North Korean man whom it identified from their travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970. "Investigation is in progress and a post mortem examination request has been made to ascertain the cause of death," the statement said.
Ken Gause, at the CNA think tank in Washington who has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong Nam has traveled under.  They are believed to have been born May 10, 1971, although birthdays are always unclear for senior North Koreans, Gause said.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim Jong Nam was not killed on the orders of their brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong Nam in the past.
"It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un," Tokola wrote in a commentary Tuesday. Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong Nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, they provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose their brother.
In Washington, the State Department said it was aware of reports of Kim Jong Nam's death but declined to comment, referring questions to Malaysian authorities.
The reported killing came as North Korea celebrated its latest missile launch, which foreign experts were analyzing for evidence of advancement in the country's missile capabilities. For the next several days, North Korea will be marking the birthday of its late leader Kim Jong Il, the brothers' father, though they have different mothers. The major holiday this Thursday is called the "Day of the Shining Star" and will be feted with figure skating and synchronized swimming exhibitions, fireworks and mass rallies.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a "reign of terror." The most spectacular was the 2013 execution by anti-aircraft fire of their uncle, Jang Song Thaek, once considered the country's second-most-powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong Nam had been forthright that they did not have political ambitions, although they were publicly critical of the North Korean regime and their brother's legitimacy in the past.
Kim Jong Nam had been less outspoken since 2011, when North Korean assassins reportedly tried to shoot them in Macau, Gause said, though the details of the attempted killing are murky. South Korea also reportedly jailed a North Korean spy in 2012 who admitted to trying to organize a hit-and-run accident targeting Kim Jong Nam in China in 2010.
Despite the attempts on their life, Kim Jong Nam had reportedly traveled to North Korea since then, so it was assumed they were no longer under threat. Kim Jong Nam may have become more vulnerable as their defender in the North Korean hierarchy, Kim Kyong Hui — Kim Jong-un's aunt and the husband of their executed uncle, Jang Song Thaek — appears to have fallen from favor or died. They have not been seen in public for more than three years, Gause said.
MASON — Over $1,000 will be added to the coffers of the “Kids for Christmas” program, after the Bend Area C.A.R.E. Christmas Concert was held Sunday afternoon at Wahama High School.
Proceeds from the event go to help less fortunate children have a brighter holiday, with the Bend Area C.A.R.E. organization providing them with gifts and food.
Participating in the concert were nearly 200 students from the Wahama Choir, New Haven Elementary Fifth and Sixth Grade Band, New Haven Elementary Choir, Wahama Concert Band, piano students, and the Wahama Visual Art Department.
Piano recitals were given by Aaron Beard, Hayley Hazelwood, Carson Gibbs, Garrett Johnson, Alivia Grigsby, Ava Stewart and Kylee Johnson. Karly Johnson presented a ukulele solo. They are all music students under the direction of Rachel Reynolds.
The art department presented a slide show of student work during the transitions of the various groups entering and exiting the stage. Artworks were also set up in the foyer outside of the gymnasium.
The visual art department is under the direction of Susan Parrish, teacher. Assisting them were students Grace Haddox, Camryn Tyree, and Reese Roush.
Musical selections by the choirs and bands ranged from the traditional, like “The Holly and the Ivy,” to the more contemporary, such as “A Pentatonix Christmas Medley,” to the fun, including “School of Reindeer.”
High school choir soloists were Jacob Rollins, Haley King, and Adriana Boswell. A mixed group of Boswell, King, Emily Mattox, and Jessica Dangerfield was also featured. The high school band had soloists, as well, including Carl Sayre on trumpet, Skylar Day on bass clarinet, and Sophia Russell on baritone saxophone.
The elementary choir members performed “Hark, Hear the Bells” as one of their selections. Bell ringers were Lillian Bowles, Mary Claire Brinker, Katie Cullen, Carson Gibbs, Raegan Johnson, Anna Bella Mankin, Kate Reynolds, and Phoebe Richardson.
Directing the musical groups are Rachel Reynolds, high school choir; Emily Hall, high school and elementary school bands; and Kimberly Bond, elementary choir. Mary Beth Norman accompanied the high school choir on piano.
The New Haven Elementary School Choir, under the direction of Kimberly Bond, was one of several groups performing Sunday afternoon at the Bend Area C.A.R.E. Christmas Concert at Wahama High School. The benefit concert netted over $1,000, which will go to the Bend Area C.A.R.E. organization to provide holiday gifts and food to less fortunate children. The New Haven Elementary School Choir, under the direction of Kimberly Bond, was one of several groups performing Sunday afternoon at the Bend Area C.A.R.E. Christmas Concert at Wahama High School. The benefit concert netted over $1,000, which will go to the Bend Area C.A.R.E. organization to provide holiday gifts and food to less fortunate children. Flutist Lauren Fields, a member of the Wahama Concert Band, is pictured as they and other members play a holiday tune at the Bend Area C.A.R.E. Christmas Concert. Also participating in the event were the New Haven Elementary Fifth and Sixth Grade Band, Wahama Choir, New Haven Elementary Choir, piano students, and the Wahama Visual Art Department. Flutist Lauren Fields, a member of the Wahama Concert Band, is pictured as they and other members play a holiday tune at the Bend Area C.A.R.E. Christmas Concert. Also participating in the event were the New Haven Elementary Fifth and Sixth Grade Band, Wahama Choir, New Haven Elementary Choir, piano students, and the Wahama Visual Art Department.
Concert raises funds for Bend Area C.A.R.E.
By Mindy Kearns Special to the Register
Mindy Kearns is a freelance writer for Ohio Valley Publishing, email them at mindykearns1@hotmail.com.
Mindy Kearns is a freelance writer for Ohio Valley Publishing, email them at mindykearns1@hotmail.com.
Joe Perry is making the most of Aerosmith‘s temporary hiatus with the release of their sixth solo project Sweetzerland Manifesto. Perry began working on the album back in 2012 with the recording of the '60s pop hit “Eve of Destruction” but the creative process picked up steam last year and what was originally planned as…… More
By JEFF AMY and SARAH MEARHOFF
Associated Press
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) - Mississippi moved quickly toward a legal confrontation over the nation's most restrictive abortion law Monday.
Within six hours, the governor signed a bill banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, the state's lone abortion clinic sued, and a federal judge set a Tuesday morning hearing to consider blocking the restrictions.
Abortion opponents sought the confrontation, hoping federal courts will ultimately prohibit abortions before a fetus is viable. Current federal law blocks such restrictions by states.
Some legal experts have said a change in the law is unlikely unless the makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court changes in a way that favors abortion opponents.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 in a closed ceremony attended by legislative supporters and abortion opponents.
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing can we do?" Bryant said in a video their office posted on social media.
Mississippi's only abortion clinic, though, is asking an immediate halt to the law, telling a federal judge that a woman who is 15 weeks or more pregnant is scheduled to have an abortion Tuesday afternoon. Late Monday, U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves set a Tuesday morning hearing on the request by the Jackson Women's Health Organization that they impose a temporary restraining order.
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
"We'll probably be sued in about half an hour," Bryant said to laughter from supporters as they signed the bill. "That'll be fine with me. It'll be worth fighting over."
Bryant's prediction was accurate. The state's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there sued in federal court within an hour, arguing the law violates other federal court rulings saying a state can't restrict abortion before a child can survive on its own outside the womb.
The Jackson Women's Health Organization, in a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights, argued the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down.
"Under decades of United States Supreme Court precedent, the state of Mississippi cannot ban abortion prior to viability, regardless of what exceptions are provided to the ban," the suit states.
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older. That's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide, mostly at the clinic.
Dr. Sacheen Carr-Ellis, in a sworn statement, said she'll have to stop providing abortions to women past the 15 week ban, or else lose their Mississippi medical license, as House Bill 1510 requires. Carr-Ellis said women shouldn't be forced to carry their pregnancies to term against their wills or leave the state to obtain abortions.
"A woman who is pregnant should have the ability to make the decision that is best for them about the course of their pregnancy, based on their own values and goals for their life," Carr-Ellis said in the statement.
Republican legislative leaders Lt. Gov Tate Reeves and House Speaker Philip Gunn both attended Bryant's private signing ceremony
"The winners (today) are those babies that are in the womb, first and foremost," Gunn said. "Those are the ones we're trying to protect."
When asked if the state is prepared to bear the cost of a lawsuit, Gunn said, "Absolutely."
"I don't know if you can put any value on human life," Gunn said. "We are all about fighting to protect the unborn. Whatever challenges we have to take on to do that, is something we're willing to do."
Opponents, though, predicted the attempt to allow states to restrict abortion before viability would fail.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We believe this law should be a model for the rest of the country," Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy, said in a statement.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
___
Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read their work at https://www.apnews.com/search/Jeff_Amy .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
YOU JUST SAW:
PHOTO: Pope Francis waves to the crowd from the window of the apostolic palace overlooking St Peter's square during the Sunday Angelus prayer, Aug. 13, 2017.
Aiden McGeady's Sunderland career had perhaps been something of a slow burner, with flashes of quality but not quite the opportunity to really announce himself.
That all changed in the second half of their third game, at Norwich yesterday – a superb goal quickly followed by a superb assist, a fine cross to the back post headed home by Lewis Grabban.
The Ireland winger is well and truly up and running. From the manager and their tactics, to the strike force in front of him, the 31-year-old believes they have the perfect conditions to thrive.
They said: “There's always a bit of apprehension signing for a new team. It couldn't have gone any better for me at Preston, the manager coming here, the size of the club, it was a no-brainer.
“As soon as I heard of the interest it was just, ‘right, let's get this done'. Obviously you then need to stamp your own authority on the team, how the fans will take to you, you're starting again fresh.
“For me, I'm just delighted to get off to a good start.
“Lewis and James are perfect for me. For me to get the ball out wide, it's great to know if I get half a yard with either foot I can put the ball in the box and those two will attack it.
“You saw with the third goal, it was a just good ball in, the two lads were in there and Grabs got on the end of it.
“So far, the Celtic game aside, it has been promising and it can only get better.
“Vaughany works really hard. If they keep working hard like that, the goals will come. Lewis has obviously started really well and George has kind of come from nowhere and had a really positive impact. In all aspects, it's been good.
“There's more to come.”
McGeady showed their superb instincts with their first goal in red and white.
George Honeyman's corner was cleared to the edge of the area, where Lee Cattermole teed up their team-mates.
Despite the attentions of numerous onrushing markers, McGeady fired home.
After a number of eye-catching strikes for Preston last season, they hope it will be a regular occurrence.
They said: “I was expecting Catts to volley it actually – he's just played that disguised pass to me. I was caught a bit by surprise but just took a touch and caught it sweet.
“I'm comfortable shooting off my left. I scored a few like that last season, and I'm just delighted to get my first goal for Sunderland. The win is the main thing.”
For all McGeady's guile, this was a win built on collective endeavour and the winger had high praise for James Vaughan, who flicked on Jason Steele's long ball to set Grabban away for the opener.
They said: “That's what their game is generally based on, winning headers, flick-ons, working hard and bringing others into play, he's done all that, everything but score.
“I said to him, keep working hard and the goals will come, and they know that.
“We knew it was going to be a tough game. Norwich is a possession-based team – they kept the ball well without really penetrating us in the last third.
“It was down to us to try to work hard, stifle them and hit them on the break. That's what happened in the first half and, from there, we were able to pick up confidence.”
History will be made in Sacramento this week. Toni Atkins will become the first woman and first lesbian to hold the top job in the California state Senate.The San Diego Democrat takes over as Senate president pro tem from Kevin de Leon.Among the big issues they will face as Senate leader is the ongoing fallout from sexual misconduct in the capitol.Atkins says they will go to work on a process to deal with allegations of harassment.
PITTSBURGH — Chicago Cubs right-hander Yu Darvish has inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage, and could start a throwing program as soon as the weekend.
Darvish, signed to a $126 million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, underwent an MRI on Tuesday in Chicago. The Cubs announced the results before playing the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night.
The Cubs also placed right-handed reliever Carl Edwards Jr. on the 10-day disabled list with right shoulder inflammation, and recalled right-hander Cory Mazzoni from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt discomfort in their shoulder Tuesday night after pitching one scoreless inning in an 8-6 victory over the Pirates.
Darvish got their first win with the Cubs in their previous start at Cincinnati on May 20, holding the Reds to one run and two hits in six innings. In eight starts, they are 1-3 with a 4.95 ERA.
Namibian media say an elephant trampled and killed an Argentine who was in a group of hunters tracking a herd of elephants.
The Namibia Press Agency said the hunter, identified as 46-year-old Jose Monzalvez, was killed on Saturday afternoon in a private wildlife area 70 kilometers (43 miles) northwest of the small town of Kalkfeld.
The agency said Monzalvez, who worked for an oil company, was with another Argentine and three Namibians when they were killed. It says one of the elephants charged before the group was able to find a spot to aim and shoot.
The report says Monzalvez had a hunting permit with them and that relatives have been informed of their death.
DETROIT (AP) — The women's gymnastics coach at Michigan State University suddenly announced their retirement Tuesday, a day after they were suspended for what their boss described as their "passionate defense" of a sports doctor accused of sexually abusing female athletes for years.
Kathie Klages has also been mentioned in lawsuits by two women who claim they brushed off complaints of abuse by Dr. Larry Nassar in the late 1990s.
Klages is "extremely distressed" by the allegations and would never do anything to put athletes in "harm's way," their attorney, Shirlee Bobryk, said in a statement.
"Out of respect to the university and the gymnastics program in particular, Ms. Klages believes it is in everyone's best interests for them to retire from their current position at MSU," Bobryk said.
It's one of the biggest developments on campus since Nassar was fired by Michigan State in September and more than two dozen women and girls filed lawsuits against him. In two separate criminal cases, he's charged with sexually abusing a girl at their Lansing-area home and possessing child pornography.
Nassar has pleaded not guilty and denied the assault allegations by female athletes in Michigan and elsewhere. They were also a longtime doctor with Indianapolis-based USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians.
Klages' suspension after 27 years as gymnastics coach was announced Monday without any elaboration from Michigan State. But the school shed more light Tuesday in a letter written by athletic director Mark Hollis, who acknowledged their retirement.
Hollis explained to Klages that they were suspended because of what they had learned about their Sept. 12 meeting with their gymnasts.
"You shared with the team your highly emotional sense of shock regarding the allegations against Dr. Nassar. That resulted in several student-athletes leaving the meeting feeling that they had received mixed messages," Hollis wrote.
"Others felt confused about who they could or should speak with about the situation. While I acknowledge you provided student-athletes with information about reporting to the Office of Institutional Equity, your passionate defense of Dr. Nassar created an emotionally charged environment for the team," Hollis said.
A message seeking comment about Hollis' letter wasn't immediately returned by Klages' attorney.
Earlier, Bobryk said Klages will cooperate fully in any police investigation of Nassar or lawsuits against him.
"Dr. Nassar was trusted by Ms. Klages to competently and ethically treat their team members. Had they ever received any information to cast doubt on the appropriateness of that trust in Dr. Nassar, they would have reacted immediately to protect their gymnasts," Bobryk said.
___
Follow Ed White at http://www.twitter.com/edwhiteap
Ruthless burglars smashed their way into a family's home then threatened to hurt a newborn baby in a bid to uncover cash and valuables.
Police revealed the tactic was employed by just one of several unconnected groups of thieves who have stolen tens of thousands of pounds in jewellery in recent weeks.
During the same raid in Balsall Heath, Birmingham, on November 8, knives were held to the throats of women in the home, although no one was seriously injured.
In another incident in the Small Heath area of the city, a gang armed with screwdrivers stole a male victim's jewellery and sprayed their hands with cleaning fluid.
West Midlands Police has set up a dedicated task force in a bid to trace individuals behind 28 separate offences in recent weeks.
Groups of thieves have been targeting people in their own homes, punching some victims and in one case hitting another with a metal bar.
The spate of thefts is causing detectives "real concern", with one arrest to date.
Warning householders to be on their guard, Detective Inspector Dave Keen said: "The spate we have seen recently is a real concern for me and we are doing everything we can to identify the criminals responsible.
"We've got a dedicated taskforce which is working on this literally 24 hours a day."
They added: "It's also very important that residents do as much as possible to protect their property.
"Asian traditions have always placed a strong emphasis on jewellery it plays an important role in many religious festivals as well as significant family occasions, with many items handed down through generations.
"These are not just highly valuable possessions; they are also of great sentimental worth and are a huge loss to their owners if such jewellery is taken.
"We're issuing a warning to people owning valuable gold jewellery and urging them to take simple steps to protect it.
"We believe these criminals scope areas for homes that could be potential targets, I ask people to be aware of individuals or vehicles in their area acting suspiciously.
"If you are in any doubt, call police."
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Police on Staten Island are looking for thieves who ransacked a family's home.
They said the burglars targeted a woman while they were picking up their kids from school.
“I came out and looked around, didn't notice anything suspicious and I just got in my truck and went to work, then my wife texted me there was a robbery two houses down and I just missed it,” Frank Stapleton said.
“And they just moved in. I feel bad for them. They're new neighbors,” Pat Lavin told CBS2's Jessica Moore.
The splintered door from on Craig Avenue in the Tottenville section told the story of a frightening midday crime targeting a young family.
Police say a woman was gone for only a few minutes Monday afternoon, to pick up their kids from school when they returned to find thieves had ransacked them house.
Cops said the thieves not only stole things, they stole memories, like earrings and the necklace the woman wore on their wedding day. They even took their husband's wedding band.
Neighbors were astonished at the fast moving crooks who came and went with barely a trace.
“So now I'm putting a security door on my house,” Carmela Fazio said.
Fazio told CBS2's Moore she's in the neighborhood every day and never sees anything like this.
“I look up and down. The buses are constantly running, so you'd think nobody would try anything with the buses running, but you know, no fear,” they said.
Police don't have much to go on, but are working hard to track them down.
The NYPD said there have been several other daytime burglaries in the Tottenville, area, but they don't believe they are connected.
A Hartlepool secondary school has been told it must improve after a Government watchdogs found failings in a host of areas.
A team of eight Ofsted inspectors visited English Martyrs School and Sixth Form College, in Catcote Road, on May 17 and 18.
Teachers do not challenge poorly presented and sloppy work consistently and some teachers' expectations of what pupils can do are too low Ofsted report
The document concludes that the institution, led by headteacher Stephen Hammond – which has 1,513 pupils – as a whole ‘requires improvement'.
This conclusion also applies to three individual inspection categories – overall effectiveness of leadership and management; and quality of teaching, learning and assessment.
Two areas were rated ‘good' – personal development, behaviour and welfare; and 16 to 19 study programmes.
Mr Hammond said the findings reflect higher standards of Ofsted and is confident of addressing the areas for improvement before their next inspection.
The report states: “This is a school that requires improvement. Leaders have not sustained the pupils' good rates of progress seen at the time of the last inspection.
“Standards fell sharply after that time and have yet to recover fully.
“Pupils' progress from their above-average starting points into school has not been good enough, particularly in science.
“Despite recent improvements, the quality of teaching has been too variable across and within subjects and classes over time.
“Consequently, not all pupils achieve as well as they should. Teachers do not challenge poorly presented and sloppy work consistently.
“Some teachers' expectations of what pupils can do are too low.”
It adds: “Support for pupils who require additional support for their special educational needs and/or disabilities is inconsistent, resulting in varying rates of progress over time.
“Until recently, absence and temporary exclusion rates for disadvantaged pupils have been too high.
“The headteacher's reports to directors contain insufficient information about the progress of disadvantaged pupils.”
However, the school did receive praise for areas including its Sixth Form and Catholic ethos.
The report reads: “Directors and governors embrace the headteacher's vision for improvement.
“Actions they are taking are making a positive difference but it is too soon to see their full impact.
”The sixth form is good. Improvements to the quality of provision are ensuring that current students are making good progress in their learning.
“Progress in art is excellent. The Catholic ethos lies at the heart of the school's work.
“It promotes pupils' personal qualities and their spiritual, moral, social and cultural development successfully.
“Pupils feel safe, are polite and usually behave well.
”Strong careers advice and guidance contribute to the high proportion of pupils moving on to their chosen destinations successfully.”
Academy ‘has right things in place', headteacher told.
The school's headteacher Stephen Hammond says the school will continue to improve.
Mr Hammond said: “The judgements reflect the very high standards expected under the most recent Ofsted inspection framework (September 2016) which places a much greater emphasis on the performance of disadvantaged pupils compared with all pupils nationally.
“I am very happy that the education of young people in our care should be subjected to the most rigorous scrutiny.”
Regarding pupils' progress between Key Stage 2 and Key Stage 4, Mr Hammond said: “We currently have a very strong team of teachers with subject leaders increasingly confident about the quality of teaching and learning in their departments.
“I strongly believe that we will continue to improve in this key performance measure and that this will be securely positive over the next couple of years.”
They said inconsistency of practice and standards within and between departments will be quickly addressed.
Mr Hammond added: “As the Lead Inspector said to me ‘The Academy has all the right things in place and the green shoots are beginning to appear'.”
IPL 2017 — Yusuf-Pandey share 110-run partnership for Kolkata
Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) rode on a brilliant batting effort from Manish Pandey and Yusuf Pathan to beat Delhi Daredevils by four wickets in a thrilling Indian Premier League (IPL) 2017 match at the Feroz Shah Kotla on Monday.
Pandey, who remained unbeaten on 69 off 49 balls rescued the visitors with a brilliant 110-run fourth wicket stand with Pathan (59) to turn the tide in favour of the visitors after a dreadful start in pursuit of Delhi's 168/7 in 20 overs.
Needing nine from the last over, Mishra got Chris Woakes stumped off their second delivery but couldn't prevent Pandey from hitting them for a six off the fourth ball and then leaked two runs off the next to lose the tie.
Earlier, skipper Zaheer Khan gave Delhi a perfect start with the wickets of their opposite number Gautam Gambhir (14) and Colin de Grandhomme (1) while Pat Cummins sent back one down Robin Uthappa (4) to reduce the visitors to 21/3.
First Published | 17 April 2017 9:27 PM
In the latest episode of the 2018 Frontstretch Podcast, we review an action-packed weekend of racing at Chicagoland Speedway with Dustin Albino, Mike Neff, Zach Catanzareti and Corey LaJoie, driver of the No. 72 TriStar Motorsports Chevrolet.
Kyle Busch took home their fifth checkered flag of the season on Sunday in the Windy City, but had to work for it in the final laps thanks to a closing Kyle Larson. Lapped traffic didn't give the No. 18 car an inch with a few laps to go, and it allowed Larson to close in to battle for the win. On the final lap, Larson attempted a slide job in Turn 2, only to put Busch in the wall. With Turn 3 quickly approaching, the former series champion sent Larson spinning, en route to the victory.
While the two Kyles battled it out for the victory, it was familiar names rounding out the top five. Kevin Harvick, Martin Truex Jr. and Clint Bowyer, arguably the top five drivers in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series this season, took home the top five spots. After having a great race from start to finish. Aric Almirola added their name to the mix by leading a career-high 70 laps yet finished 25th.
LaJoie, who re-entered the race with a handful of laps to go after a fire engulfed their dashboard, gives their take on why lapped traffic crossed the line by not letting Busch by. They also discuss who they think can challenge the “Big Three” going forward.
This weekend Fronstretch is holding a FanDuel contest for the Firecracker 400 at Daytona where the winner takes all. Ever want to visit the Tricky Triangle at Pocono Raceway and win hundreds of dollars in cash prizes? This is your chance. Jump in on the action at Fanduel.com/fromtstretch to have a shot at winning two tickets and two pit passes to the Gander Outdoors 400 at Pocono on July 29. You will be competing against many fantasy players, and quite possibly your favorite Frontstretch writer.
Rate, review and subscribe to the Frontstretch Podcast: iTunes
New to the Frontstretch Podcast: music. Thanks to Big Rock Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)
Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/ licenses/by/3.0/
STOCKHOLM (AP) — Ramon Zenhaeusern of Switzerland beat home favorite Andre Myhrer of Sweden to claim their first World Cup victory in a parallel slalom city event Tuesday.
With overall leader Mikaela Shiffrin sitting out the women's race, Nina Haver-Loeseth of Norway took their second career win when Swiss rival Wendy Holdener lost control in the second run of the final.
Petra Vlhova of Slovakia beat Frida Hansdotter of Sweden for third.
The men's race was the final World Cup event before the Pyeongchang Olympics and it ended with a duel between the two tallest competitors.
Using their 2.00-meter (6-foot-7) frame to cross-check gates with both of their fists, Zenhaeusern edged Myhrer by a narrow 0.06 seconds.
Linus Strasser of Germany beat Luca Aerni of Switzerland for third.
Roundup
Friday
Wrestling
West Lincoln had wins over Draughn, Hibriten, and Freedom at the Adam Benson Memorial Tournament at East Burke on Friday.
Three things that no one wants to hear together: BP, oil and leaking. A BP well sprung a leak in the Alaskan Arctic this past Friday. Reports say crude oil is no longer spraying from the leak, but natural gas is still venting out. This will surely prompt a new round of questions about whether to drill in the northern-most stretches of the planet. The Trump administration appears all-in on arctic oil, even if the current market doesn't need the extra supply.
Click the audio player above to hear the full story.
Lessons from my great-aunt, an East Texas original.
Women's Work
Lessons from my great-aunt, an East Texas original.
I was a child in a magical place, in a house my father built in the piney woods of East Texas, and I wanted for nothing. There were the woods themselves, and a creek with frog's eggs, and a terrifying culvert, and a pond you could fish in, and also a pond you weren't allowed to fish in. There were dewberries in the summer and dewberry cobbler. We had a field that was our baseball field, and across that field lived my great-grandfather and my great-uncle Perry, and then there was another field and across that field were Maw-Maw and Paw-Paw — Virginia and Arnold Davis.
My great-aunt Maw-Maw was a socialist and they were 6 feet tall. Or, more truly, they were 5 feet 11 inches and a yellow dog Democrat: She'd vote for a yellow dog before she'd vote for a Republican. A couple years ago my cousin's dog actually got into Maw-Maw's house and they found it asleep on their bed. Maw-Maw winked at me and said it had been years since she'd had a male in their bed. I asked them if they enjoyed the experience and they said, “No, ma'am. I chased them right out.”
They worked in the fields as a child. They were valedictorian of their high school in 1941. They gave birth to three tall girls and a son named Robert, who died when they were a young adult.
I don't know if I ever met Robert, but I think of them now that I'm a pediatrician and I've seen the grief of mothers — how long it is, looming over an entire life. In their older age, Virginia would take gifts to young families in their church. She'd find out something the family needed and make sure they got it. “She taught me a lot,” my mother said, “about being kind.”
Virginia's politics were solidified in Port Arthur, where Arnold worked in the refineries and they worked in the company's corporate office. The union was strong, and when they said to strike, you'd strike and you'd go without pay. In these lean times, the union would always make sure the rent got paid and the kids got fed. Virginia felt that Arnold never would have had safe working conditions or fair pay without the union.
They drove themselves to church, where they eventually became the oldest member of the congregation. They also stood up and walked straight out, cane thumping the wood floor of Benui Baptist, when the preacher started using their pulpit to tell people how to vote. She'd've walked out even if they had been endorsing their candidate. Holy was, and then there was politics. And boy, in Texas, the twain don't meet.
So I grew up shelling homegrown peas on their porch, eating their cobbler and sitting on the carpet while the women talked politics. No man could tell you how to vote — not your preacher, not your husband. Back then, Texas had been a Democratic state since Reconstruction. Ann Richards was governor, having come into office partly on a boost of protest after their opponent compared the weather in Texas to rape: “If it's inevitable, just relax and enjoy it.” Clayton Williams should've known better; a weatherman had already been fired for making the same comment right after a news report about the rape of a child. But good ol' boys learn slow.
No man could tell you how to vote — not your preacher, not your husband.
It was my rural Texas family, though, who taught me that men can be gentle with children and animals and appropriately respectful of strong women. Perry was like that. They must've been 6-foot-6 in their boots and denim overalls, and you could see them rolling through the tall grass a long way off. They grew new potatoes, corn and peas in long rows behind their house. He'd make stew from the squirrels and parboil raccoons, but I remember them best placing an injured sparrow into my hands one day when they picked me up from first grade. “Be gentle,” they said, and when I closed my hands I could feel the bird's little heart racing against my palm. When Perry's dog had puppies, they walked across the field and placed a squirming pup into my brother's arms — much to my parents' surprise. But it was the right thing, and we grew up to measure out our lives by the dogs we've had.
The lessons you learn in childhood about love and gentleness, about men and women and politics, may not carry you all the way through life. I had a brief early marriage, myself. It was nothing like Virginia and Arnold's, which was strong and lively until they died — 20 years ago now. My marriage got so bad I could explain my motives for leaving in one sentence.
Even so, I felt ashamed. I felt ashamed of my divorce right up until the moment Maw-Maw found out about it. My mother told her, and they gripped the side of their recliner with one hand and pointed at my mother with the other and said, “You tell Rachel I said ‘Congratulations on being strong.'”
After that, I felt just fine. The holiest person I knew, and the toughest, had given me absolution.
The losses that come with age accumulated for Virginia. Arnold died in their 70s, and a few years later Perry died of stomach cancer. (“I ate three bags of popcorn and a 'coon,” they once told their oncologist when asked about their diet.) As state politics swung right and then righter, Virginia occupied themselves with humble acts of protest: inserting expletives into the governor's name, clipping political cartoons that would infuriate East Texas Republicans and posting them on their refrigerator. They took their birthday parties in Las Vegas, where she'd see shows and play the penny slots. Them favorite show was “the transvestites,” whose singing they admired very much. They didn't fly out to Vegas for the last couple of years, though. Maw-Maw beat cancer four times, but then it took their daughter Laura and they never quite recovered.
The land is different out there now. The particular lives we led when I was a child seem impossible now that you can see the lights of a subdivision through the trees beyond Virginia's porch. The road's been paved. The squirrels, I imagine, have grown fat and arrogant without my great-uncle stalking them. The country has been circumscribed, and I imagine Perry's ghost rambling its perimeters before sinking into the land again.
It was just last week that they told Virginia they had lymphoma again. They were 93 and enjoying life very much, so they opted for palliative care. They thought they had more time. We all thought they had more time. Even after they made their decision not to take chemo, they said to my mother, “Well shoot, Reta, I've beaten cancer four times. I might just surprise them all and beat it again!” But in fact, they went very quickly.
I was working an overnight shift in a hospital halfway across the country when my mother learned of their death. I am a doctor myself, so I should've known to call them last week. To say, just in case, that I loved them To thank them for helping raise me, for making me the woman I am. To say congratulations, for being strong.
Illustration by Kailey Whitman.
