Federal Insights: Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud.
The Blackthorn Tribe from St. Peter's N.S. Dromiskin, scooped gold and top marks with their Eco Tribe Challenge project.
The Eco Tribe Challenge is a Primary School Initiative organised by Louth Tidy Towns Together and supported by Louth County Council.
This year, given the national emphasis on the threat to pollinators and in particular bees, the challenge was for the pupils to develop a pollinator friendly bed in a community setting.
An objective of the challenge is to bring the lessons learned in the school out in to the wider community by partnering the local tidy towns group on a community planting initiative.
The Blackthorn Tribe from St. Peter's N.S. Dromiskin went one step further by creating not one but two bee friendly beds in the village centre by giving two mature beds, past their best, a complete facelift by removing all the existing overgrown planting and, under the expert guidance of Dromiskin Tidy Towns volunteer Benedicta Mc Ardle and teacher Mary Larney, replanting them with plants to get ‘Dromiskin Buzzing and Fluttering With Nature!'
There was great excitement when not alone did the project achieve Gold status when the results were announced recently but also achieved the highest mark of all participants with an incredible 97% of the overall mark achieved.
The judges were impressed under all headings with the partnership with tidy towns, the public event, value for money and awareness of the pupils all coming in for special mention and awarded full marks.
© Victor Moussa/Fotolia
Since 2009, hospital intensive care units have witnessed a stark increase in opioid-related admissions and deaths, according to new study led by researchers at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center's (BIDMC) Center for Healthcare Delivery Science. Published online today ahead of print in the Annals of the American Thoracic Society, the study is believed to be the first to quantify the impact of opioid abuse on critical care resources in the United States.Analyzing data from the period between January 1, 2009 and September 31, 2015, the researchers documented aThe average cost of care per ICU overdose admissions rose by 58 percent, from $58,517 in 2009 to $92,408 in 2015 (in 2015 dollars).in spite of all the care we can provide in the ICU, including mechanical ventilation, acute dialysis, life support and round-the-clock care," said the study's lead author, Jennifer P. Stevens, MD, associate director of the medical intensive care unit at BIDMC and assistant professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School.Using a national hospital database, Stevens and colleagues analyzed almost 23 million hospital admissions of adult patients in 162 hospitals in 44 states over a seven-year period. Among the more than 4 million patients requiring acute care between 2009 and 2015, the researchers found 21,705 patients who were admitted to ICUs due to opioid overdoses.The researchers' analysis revealed that opioid-related ICU admissions increased an average of more than half a percent each year over the seven-year study period and thatThe mortality rates of these patients climbed at roughly the same rate, on average,These data not only document the scope of the opioid abuse epidemic, they also reveal its complexity. Stevens and colleagues suggest that any opioid overdose-related admission is a preventable one, and that the team's findings not only represent the need for increased acute care resources, but also for expanded opioid-abuse prevention and treatment.The authors note that the data they analyzed came mainly from urban academic medical centers and may not reflect overdose-related acute care needs in other settings. They add their methodology likely underestimates the burden of opioids on acute care resources by focusing on overdose admissions and not counting those due to complications related to drug use."The pace of the opioid epidemic continues to increase," said Stevens. "Those of us who work in hospital intensive care units need to make sure we have the tools we need to help patients with opioid use disorders when they are at their sickest, because there doesn't appear to be any end to this epidemic in sight."
Bitter has often been the most maligned flavor. Our taste buds are genetically and reflexively primed to reject bitter tastes, which generations ago may have signaled toxic compounds.
Fortunately, humans have warmed to the judicious use of bitters in their food and drink. This is a good thing, especially now: After a winter's worth of cheese, fat and other indulgences, the digestive track can use a sucker punch. Liquid bitters, or alcohol-steeped botanicals such as gentian or dandelion, are able-bodied soldiers in this crusade.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“Aperitifs and digestifs are a wonderful way to frame out a meal,” said Angus J. Towse, an herbalist and founder of Green Man Natural Health in Sea Cliff, referring to bitter liqueurs sipped before or after a meal to stimulate digestion.
Loosely speaking, a bitter aperitif can spark your appetite, while a digestif helps things move along smoothly. The Italians are wise to this process, having long ago created a class of amari (Italian for “bitters”) to sip before or after meals. These include ruby-hued aperitifs such as Aperol and Campari, which can be blended into floral, bittersweet spritzers. After a meal, bracing amari such as Fernet Branca are sturdy digestive stimulants. (For the uninitiated, Amaro Montenegro is a more forgiving place to start).
Italians don't have the lock on historical use of bitters, though. For the average Early American, a “dram” of bitters in the morning was as routine as a bowl of cereal might be today. Though that tradition faded, it's easy enough to revive. A few dashes of earthy Angostura bitters (made in Trinidad since the 1800s, and found in grocery stores) in sparkling water is a mild digestive kick. Also, a growing body of digestive and medicinal bitters, such as those from Vermont's Urban Moonshine, are created specifically for this purpose.
Use them in a bitter mocktail: Squeeze the juice of a lime, orange or grapefruit into the bottom of a tall glass. Shake in a few dashes of bitters, add ice, top with sparkling water and stir. Et voilà — a refreshing, herbaceous toast to spring.
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — More than 10,000 people on Sunday participated in another round of protests against Romanian legislation that critics say would make it harder to punish high-level corruption.
The main protest outside government offices in Bucharest brought out thousands on Sunday and riot police closed roads due to the large numbers. There also were anti-government demonstrations in the cities of Cluj and Iasi. Protesters blew whistles and chanted, “Justice, not corruption,” and called for early elections.
Ruxandra Slavoaca, a retired geological engineer who was at the protest in Bucharest with their husband, accused the left-wing ruling coalition of “making corruption official.” They added that ordinary people had “the right to dignity, respect and prosperity.”
Former Prime Minister Dacian Ciolos and opposition leaders also took part in the protest.
Romania's Parliament is in the process of approving a series of laws that protesters argue would bring the justice system under greater political control.
U.S. Ambassador Hans G. Klemm said Sunday that if Parliament backtracked from current anti-corruption laws, Romania could be at risk of Russia seeking to undermine the country's stability. Romania, a European Union member, has cool relations with Russia.
Thousands of Romanian magistrates, the European Commission and President Klaus Iohannis have criticized the proposals.
A number of senior politicians from the ruling coalition are facing corruption-related charges from probes they claim are politically motivated.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BENGALURU: As counting of votes for by-elections to four Lok Sabha seats and 10 assembly constituencies is underway, early trends suggest that Congress candidate Munirathna is leading by over 44000 votes from Karnataka's RR Nagar (Rajarajeshwarinagar) Assembly seat.
Nearly 53 per cent voter turnout was recorded in RR Nagar in all 471 polling stations on May 28.
The constituency was earlier scheduled to go to polls on May 12 with 222 other constituencies of Karnataka. The voting was, however, postponed following the recovery of alleged fake voter ID cards.
A total of 14 candidates are in the fray in the constituency.
Contesting for the seat are Munirathna from Congress, BJP's Muniraju Gowda, Janata Dal (Secular) candidate G. H. Ramachandra and 11 other candidates.
A day ahead of the May 12 polling for Karnataka Assembly elections, 9,746 voter ID cards were found from a flat in SLV Park View Apartment in Bengaluru's Jalahalli locality by Election Commission (EC) officials on May 8.
Following the recovery of the voter IDs, a political slugfest had broken out between the Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), both accusing each other of being involved in the scam.
Taking the decision, the Election Commission (EC) countermanded the polling in the constituency.
The Janata Dal (Secular) has not fielded their candidate from this constituency and supported Congress candidate Munirathna.
(With inputs from ANI)
Some of you may already know that I have a monthly prayer intention, just like the Pope! In August, I ask each of you to join me in prayer for the safety of all students returning to their courses of study, especially for those away from home for the first time, that they be strong in their faith.
I cannot tell you how many times parents have said to me, “My children do not practice the faith anymore. What can I do?” Unfortunately the statistics are not positive.
CHRIST RENEWS Their PARISH—Men from St. Peter the Apostle Parish, Joplin, participated in a Christ Renews Their Parish (CHIRP) program this past spring. Faith enrichment programs specific to men are crucial for the Church, society, and our families. (The Mirror)
Some 41 percent of American adults who were raised Catholic say they no longer identify with Catholicism. In addition, some 45 percent of Catholics do not know the Church's teachings on the real presence of Christ in the Eucharist. Now, these statistics can either overwhelm us or remind us that there is plenty of work to be done. I have said numerous times over the past few weeks that this is the best time to be Catholic! There are so many opportunities to spread the good news of the teachings of our faith.
So what are the solutions? Home life is crucial!
A recent article from Legatus Magazine (July, 2017) outlined the importance of “countercultural, religious, active families.” Living the Catholic Faith in fullness of the day and age will make you countercultural. When embraced fully, the teachings of the Church on family, sexuality, preferential option for the poor, and a host of other issues, will put a family at odds with the dominant culture. Of course, this also presupposes that our parents are active in the faith. Again, from the article, “What do parents stress as important? Is a devotional life emphasized? Are they reading the Bible? Are they praying with their children and teaching them to have God at the center of their lives?” To that I would add, “Are parents bringing their children to Sunday Mass?” You cannot give what you don't have: If parents want their children to remain Catholic, they themselves must be living as Catholics. Consistently attending Mass as a family, praying, and injecting faith into everyday life are key in furthering the faith and keeping youth engaged as Catholics.
Men and the faith
We must also address the “man-crisis” in the Church (and culture) today: “It is the religious practice of the father of the family that, above all, determines the future attendance at or absence from church of the children. … If the father does not go to church, only one child in 50 will become a regular worshipper. If the father does attend Church regularly, between two-thirds and three-quarters of their children will become churchgoers,” (Legatus).
With these statistics in mind, I am so glad we have various efforts in our diocese to engage men in their faith. We currently have “Catholic Man Night” (Catholic Ladies Night, too), “That Man is You,” “Cursillo,” as well as other parish-based efforts such as “Christ Renews Their Parish” (CHIRP), and the “ACTS” retreat program. Programs specific to men, which provide companionship and brotherhood in the pursuit of Christ, is crucial to the Church, society as a whole, and families, in particular. I support these efforts throughout the diocese.
In all of our parishes and missions, we will be focusing more and more on strategies to pass on the faith, with the goal of forming “intentional, missionary disciples.” In the coming weeks, I will be asking all our pastors and parish councils to take a long, hard look at parish life and to discern what enhances faith for the community and what does not. While the statistics may be grim, I see these discussions as an opportunity to learn new ways of passing on the faith and spreading the Gospel.
Why am I so optimistic? Because we're encouraging the work of the Holy Spirit!
“Come Holy Spirit, fill the hearts of your faithful and enkindle in them the fire of your love. Send forth Your Spirit and we shall be created. And You shall renew the face of the earth!”
Editor's Note: Lou Sanders, who has their journalism degree from NYU, and their late wife, Grace, a graduate of Adelphi, founded the Mineola American in 1952, giving the village its first successful newspaper. Lou and Grace lived in Mineola for 60 years, and their popular column is a signature feature of this paper.
Pat Salmon, my replacement in the advertising department at Anton Media Group, called me the other day to discuss the latest on the closing of Eleanor Rigby's and the opening of the new restaurant in its place.
• • • •
Recently, the hero police officer Steven McDonald died at only 48 years old. When asked about what happened to them in Central Park where they were shot, wounded and left paralyzed, they would say they would do it all over again if they had to. Their wife, Patty, faithfully stayed with them and is now the mayor of Malverne. Their son, Conor, went to Kellenberg High School and was a classmate of our granddaughter, Kim Sanders. Kim is now a physician and an assistant professor of clinical sciences at the University of Bridgeport. They and their husband, Dr. Frank LaRosa, own a practice in Milford, CT called ArthroWell Naturopathic.
• • • •
Jim Agnew of Garfield Avenue likes the new pastor of Corpus Christ Church, Fr. Malcolm Burns. Jim has been an usher at that church for 33 years.
• • • •
Robbin Valentine, owner of Valentine Agency, and their wife, Stephanie, are grandparents. Their son, Abbie, and their wife, Ashley, had baby Logan. Valentine Agency is the oldest business in town, opening in 1916. J. Alfred Valentine was the founder and was also co-founder of the Roosevelt Raceway. They started the insurance agency and passed it to their son, Alfred, who then passed it to their son, Robbin. Robbin is on the board of directors of the Mineola Chamber of Commerce, the Kiwanis Club, and the local realtors' organization.
• • • •
I was talking with Bob Hinck who was mayor of Mineola from 1989 to 1993. They were in charge of the Mineola centennial celebration, assisted by John DaVanzo and Candida Maia. The celebration was a great success. I had the pleasure of handling their publicity.
• • • •
I was very glad to hear that Bolla Market lost their case against the Village of Mineola. Bolla had signed an agreement with the village to close from 11 p.m. to 5 a.m. They wanted to stay open 24/7. Mayor Scott Strauss says that the village only agreed to allow them to open their business here if Bolla agreed to these hours. Thank goodness the judge had the wisdom to prevent Bolla from reneging.
• • • •
Bill Dempsey, formerly the Nassau County assistant district attorney who now works for the Department of Labor, was recently promoted to be the assistant director of their district.
• • • •
Lou Diveglio, that quiet and unassuming man who lived for many years on Beebe Road, with their sister, Victoria, spent 25 years as an instructor with the FBI.
• • • •
In the 1950s the Mineola Skating Rink was a big place. Thousands used to go there to skate. It was just over on the east side of the Mineola Bridge. It was owned by Ed Van Horn and their wife. Their frequent marital battles that played out in public were the talk of the town.
• • • •
It was 50 years ago that the three astronauts burned to death on the launching pad at the Kennedy Space Center. They were Gus Grisson, Ed White and Roger Caffee.
• • • •
The expression “egg on” comes from the time of the Normandy Invasion of England in 1066. The Normans enslaved the Anglo-Saxons and would tie them together like in a modern chain gang and would goad them. In Anglo-Saxon language, the word spear was “eggja.”
• • • •
“To blow one's horn.” In medieval times, when a rich man with beautiful horses and fancy carriages would enter a village, heralds would go in front of them blowing horns to announce the arrival of a VIP. Today, to blow one's horn, means that a person is a great braggart.
• • • •
If you have ever been to San Francisco, you will agree that it is surely one of the most interesting towns in the world. It's famous for its fog, steep hills, cable cars and the largest Chinese population in the world outside of Asia.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - A Minnesota woman who led authorities on a weekslong manhunt after they allegedly killed their husband, then went to Florida and befriended - then killed - a woman who resembled her, is now facing charges in two states.
Lois Riess is in custody in Texas, awaiting transfer to Florida or Minnesota for trial. If the Florida charges against Riess are elevated to first-degree murder, they could face the death penalty.
Here are some details about how this case might unfold:
'COLD-BLOODED MURDERER'
Riess, 56, killed their husband, 54-year-old David Riess, in late March, then forged checks to steal $11,000 from their account, according to authorities. David Riess's body was found on March 23 at the couple's home in Blooming Prairie, Minnesota, with multiple gunshot wounds. Lois Riess was gone.
The search for Riess began and seemed to intensify after another woman, Pamela Hutchinson, 59, of Bradenton, Florida, was found dead in Fort Myers Beach on April 9. Authorities said at the time that Riess targeted Hutchinson because they looked alike, then killed them to assume their identity.
Lee County Undersheriff Carmine Marceno said Riess was armed and dangerous and their mode of operation was to befriend women who resembled her, then steal their identity. They called them a "cold-blooded murderer."
A national manhunt for Riess continued until they were arrested Thursday in the South Texas beach resort town of South Padre Island after someone recognized them at a restaurant.
___
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
Riess is charged in Florida with one count each of second-degree murder, grand theft, grand theft of a motor vehicle and criminal use of personal identification information.
In Minnesota, Riess is charged with one count of felony theft. Authorities have said a second-degree murder charge is pending, but they are taking time to build the strongest possible case.
A judge in Brownsville, Texas, ruled that Riess could be extradited to either state for trial, and whomever picked them up first could take custody.
David Weinstein, a former federal and state prosecutor in Florida, said the Florida case seems to be farther along so it's likely that Riess will head there first. In addition, the second-degree murder charge filed by way of an arrest warrant in Florida is going to weigh heavier than the theft charge in Minnesota. Weinstein said authorities in both states have to discuss the next steps together.
___
THE DEATH PENALTY
Florida is a death penalty state, while Minnesota is not. The death penalty is currently not a factor with the charges Riess faces, but that could change.
In order to seek the death penalty, Florida prosecutors must charge Riess with first-degree murder and that can only be done through a grand jury indictment. State Attorney's Office spokesperson Samantha Syoen said the office doesn't discuss such matters.
Weinstein, who is not part of the case, said that from what he's seen about Riess's alleged plan to befriend Hutchinson, steal their identity and then escape, it seems authorities will move forward with a first-degree, premeditated, murder charge.
But that charge doesn't automatically mean prosecutors will seek the death penalty, or that it would be imposed if she's convicted.
Prosecutors have to evaluate aggravating and mitigating factors. Some aggravating factors for the death penalty include how a murder was planned and carried out, the manner of death, and whether the death was heinous, atrocious and cruel. Some mitigating factors that might weigh against the death penalty include the defendant's age or mental health, Weinstein said.
___
SOME WRINKLES
The death penalty issue could be a factor as authorities discuss where Riess should face trial first.
One aggravating factor for the death penalty is a prior crime of violence. So, Florida prosecutors could theoretically opt to let Minnesota try its case first, get a murder conviction, and then use that conviction to bolster their argument for the death penalty, Weinstein said.
Pete Mills, chairperson of the Florida Public Defenders Association Death Penalty Steering Committee, said prosecutors in Minnesota also might feel that the death penalty shouldn't be an option, so they might seek to try Riess first for that reason. They also might seek to bring them to Minnesota first so they can seek justice for family members there.
___
HISTORY OF THEFT AND GAMBLING
Riess has a history of stealing money and gambling, and authorities dubbed their "Losing Streak Lois" for their habit of frequenting casinos.
In 2012, Riess was appointed conservator and guardian for their disabled sister, who has the cognitive level of a 10-year-old, according to court records. In a September 2015 affidavit, a social worker said they received a report that Riess transferred funds from the guardianship account to Riess' own account, then spent some of the funds at a casino. Riess was never charged, but was directed to repay their sister more than $100,500, court records show. An attorney on the case said they have not.
During their time on the run, authorities said Riess gambled at casinos in Iowa and Louisiana, where they won a $1,500 jackpot on slot machines and used their own identification to claim the prize.
___
Associated Press writer Jeff Baenen contributed to this report from Minneapolis.
___
Follow Amy Forliti on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/amyforliti . More of their work at: https://apnews.com/search/amy%20forliti
[India], June 15 (ANI): The People's Democratic Party (PDP) on Thursday asserted that more attention should be given to Kashmiris who support and aspire to become Indian cricketers rather than to separatists like Mirwaiz Umar Farooq.
The PDP's reaction was on Mirwaiz's tweet, wherein, they congratulated Pakistan for entering the finals of the Champions Trophy after defeating England by eight wickets in the semi-final on Wednesday.
Talking to ANI, PDP leader Waheed Ur Rehman Parra said victory of any cricket team shouldn't be used for petty politics.
They cited the example of Kashmiri cricketer Pevez Rasool, who plays international cricket for India. "I think the people, who follow the Indian cricket team, see the players as their role models. And, you have cricketers like Pervez Rasool. There is a Pervez Rasool in every Kashmiri village. We just need to explore that and should not really fall into the statement of politics," said Parra. They lamented that the 'celebrations' of people like Farooq become news but not of those who celebrate India's victory. "There is no offence to such celebrations (Mirwaiz's) , but the problem is that the people who celebrate for the country are not getting acknowledgement across the country," said the PDP leader. Mirwaiz tweeted after the Pakistan defeated England in the first semi-final match of the ongoing ICC Champions Trophy. The chairperson of Hurriyat Forum tweeted, "As we were finishing taraweeh, could hear the fire crackers bursting, well played team #Paksitan. Best of luck for the finals! (sic)". (ANI)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Councillors have called on Gloucestershire County Council to reveal the full reasons behind the Chief Fire Officer's unexpected resignation earlier this week.
Stewart Edgar, who was the most senior fire officer in the county until Monday (July 2), stood down after an investigation said they demonstrated "poor judgement" over the sale of a fire service vehicle.
The news comes on the back of Mr Edgar being awarded an OBE last month for 27 years of service to local government and the community.
Councillors have called for a "full and frank" briefing over the reasoning behind the resignation at next week's environment and communities scrutiny committee at the county council.
Jeremy Hilton, the Liberal Democrat spokesperson for fire and rescue, raised concern that Mr Edgar resigned over selling the vehicle "below market value".
Mr Hilton (Kingsholm & Wotton) said: “The news of the resignation of Gloucestershire Chief Fire Officer came as a shock to many councillors, especially considering the reason for their resignation, over the disposal of a fire service vehicle at below market value."
Mr Edgar was earning almost £150,000 as the Chief Fire Officer at the Gloucestershrie Fire and Rescue Service.
Paul Hodgkinson, Lib Dem leader, asked the Leader of the council Mark Hawthorne and its chief executive Peter Bungard whether there will be a public statement "to ensure total transparency".
An internal probe was launched after a whistleblower reported Mr Edgar's behaviour to Mr Hawthorne, leading to the fire chief's resignation.
Mr Bungard said Mr Edgar had "taken responsibility for their actions" by resigning, and Mr Hawtorne said it was "the right thing to do".
Mr Bungard said: “I can confirm a complaint was recently made in relation to the disposal of a fire service vehicle.
“As a result an internal audit investigation was carried out. The investigation identified poor judgement by the Chief Fire Officer, which they acknowledge has damaged the council's confidence in their ability to undertake their senior leadership role. Stewart Edgar has taken responsibility for their actions and has resigned.”
Andy Hermiston, the deputy chief fire officer, has taken the role as the most senior position until a replacement is found.
© Joshua Roberts / Reuters
Now this...
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes told Fox News' Catherine Herridge Friday their investigators have already uncovered evidence of abuse in U.S. government's surveillance practices.As previously reported , the House Ethics Committee announced Thursday it cleared Rep Devin Nunes (R-CA) of claims they mishandled classified information after dragging it out for eight months.Rep. Devin Nunes walked away from the House Intelligence Committee Russia probe in April after they said in a press conference in March that Trump and their associates were unmasked after viewing intelligence reports.Nunes then went to brief the President on the information in the intelligence reports before meeting with the Intelligence Committee.The left-wing lunatics came unglued and hit Nunes with a probe that lasted eight months. Nunes slammed the accusations as "entirely false and politically motivated".House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) gave their first interview since being cleared of a House Ethics probe and spoke to Catherine Herridge of Fox News.Nunes told Herridge regarding the FISA courts and other surveillance practices."It's hard to believe that all of them, there was a very small circle that we're looking into the Trump dossier overall." Nunes said.VIDEO and partially transcribed by Fox News Media was set ablaze Thursday after FBI Director Christopher Wray testified at a House Judiciary Committee oversight hearing. They defended the FBI against Trump's scorched earth tweets attacking the institution's corrupt leadership and refused to answer many key questions.All eyes are on Trump-hating and Hillary-loving FBI agent Peter Strzok. The disgraced agent was removed from Mueller's witch hunt after it was discovered they were sending anti-Trump text messages to their mistress FBI lawyer Lisa Page. Mueller covered-up this scandal, which is a scandal in itself.Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) also unloaded on FBI Director Christopher Wray Thursday during a House hearing. The conservative firebrand demanded Wray confirm whether or not Trump-hating FBI agent Peter Strzok applied for the FISA warrant to spy on Trump officials.Jordan told Lou Dobbs Thursday night they believe the FISA court application to spy on the Trump campaign will prove the FBI used fake dossier to spy on opposing party!Perhaps it was discovered over the summer that Strzok used the dossier to obtain a FISA warrant to spy on Trump's camp. Many people believe there is more to the story than Strzok being removed for anti-Trump text messages. All of Mueller's associates are anti-Trump liberal hacks so why was Strzok singled out?We will find out soon. The wheels on Mueller's Deep State witch hunt are starting to fall off.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Derbyshire suffered last-over heartbreak in their three-wicket Division Two County Championship defeat to Northamptonshire, despite setting a new club record.
Rory Kleinveldt drove Daryn Smit for six with one ball to spare as Northants chased down 326 in 65 overs thanks to Richard Levi's 99 and 98 from Robert Newton with Jeevan Mendis taking three wickets for Derbyshire.
Luis Reece with 168 and an unbeaten 156 from Billy Godleman had set a record Derbyshire opening stand of 333, but it was Northants who came out on top with a second four-day win of the season.
The morning was full of statistical highlights although the quality of cricket was questionable with the two sides contriving a declaration to set up the afternoon run chase.
Both Reece and Godleman plundered what was at best occasional bowling as Northants donated runs, with even wicketkeeper Adam Rossington turning their arm over.
Reece became only the seventh Derbyshire batsman to score a century on debut in the county championship and sailed past their previous career-best 114 not out before they became Rob Newton's maiden first-class victim.
By then, they and Godleman had eclipsed Derbyshire's previous highest opening stand of 322 set by Harry Storer and Joseph Bowden against Essex at Derby in 1929 and their partnership was the third highest in the club's history.
But the milestone Derbyshire wanted to celebrate was a championship victory and Davis raised their hopes by striking twice in the 11th over after Newton and Ben Duckett had put on 56.
Duckett bottom edged a pull and Alex Wakely was trapped on the back foot but Newton was playing shrewdly, reaching 50 from 51 balls, and with Rob Keogh put the innings back on track before two brilliant catches shifted the balance again.
Keogh's low edge off Tony Palladino was superbly held by Gary Wilson plunging to their right and then Daryn Smit took a stunning catch at second slip to remove Adam Rossington when the ball looked to have passed him.
At tea, Derbyshire looked favourites but Levi's brutal assault changed that as they dominated a stand of 90 from 87 balls, pulling Mendis for six before driving Tom Milnes for another to reach 50 from 39 balls.
They pulled Reece for a third six but Newton fell trying to reverse sweep Mendis and the game took another twist when Levi fell one short of a century aiming to swing the leg-spinner away.
Northants went into the last 10 overs needing 47 and were 27 short of victory when Holden drove Mendis to mid on but although the equation came down to a run a ball, Kleinveldt settled it with one blow over deep extra cover.
From washing dishes at Del Frisco's to having a top 10 hit (and being an accomplished dancer), Leon Bridges, has had quite a journey over the past couple of years. Seriously, they were washing dishes when they signed their first record deal. Yet, that's not even the craziest thing we just learned about the "Coming Home" singer.
So we asked Leon themselves to share with us five things that we never knew in our exclusive video:
Ah, yes, the ballet classes certainly explain their smooth moves on stage!
Meanwhile, ​Leon's second full studio album, Good Thing, drops on May 4. Three of the album's singles (“Bet Ain't Worth the Hand,” “Bad Bad News,” and “Beyond”) are available now by clicking here.
New Delhi: Gold on Monday fell by Rs 70 to Rs 29,580 per ten grams on muted demand from local jewellers and retailers even as the metal showed some strength overseas.
Silver also declined by Rs 100 to Rs 37,800 per kg due to reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said tepid demand from local jewellers and retailers at domestic spot market, mainly kept pressure on gold prices but a slightly better trend in global markets capped the fall.
Globally, gold edged up 0.09 percent to USD 1,249.30 an ounce and silver by 0.03 percent to USD 15.82 an ounce in Singapore.
Diversion of funds towards rising equity also weighed on gold prices, they said.
In the national capital, gold of 99.9 percent and 99.5 percent purity slumped by Rs 70 each at Rs 29,580 and Rs 29,430 per ten gram, respectively. The precious metal had lost Rs 600 in the previous four sessions.
Sovereign however remained unaltered at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready eased by Rs 100 to Rs 37,800 per kg, while weekly-based delivery edged up by Rs 50 to Rs 37,115 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins maintained a steady trend at Rs 71,000 for buying and Rs 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
© Maxim Zmeyev / Reuters
Low wages and living standards in general have topped the list of problems that average Russians see as the most important in their lives. Other urgent problems they mentioned concerned the economy and the social policies of the government.In the poll dedicated to the greatest fears and concerns conducted by the VTSIOM state-run public opinion research center, 24 percent of respondents mentioned low wages and living standards in their personal "problems ratings."Twenty-one percent said they were concerned about the state of economy in general and 18 percent named the social policies of the authorities as one of the challenges they have to face daily.Researchers noted in comments that the share of citizens concerned primarily by the economic problems was the highest for several times already and that it has increased compared with the beginning of 2017 and the middle of 2016, when similar polls were conducted.The previous research dedicated by the rating of fears and concerns of ordinary Russians was released in mid-July. According to that survey, the fears connected with inflation and possible depreciation of savings were the most intense and widespread and fears of military conflict ranked second while concerns over health problems and various difficulties connected with access to healthcare were in third place.In comments attached with the latest study results, an expert representing VTSIOM, Yulia Baskakova, said they were in line with those of other recent researches and polls."The data adds up to the picture, the outline of which we see in the results of other polls. Compared to 2014 the share of poor people has doubled and price hike remains the main source of fears," they noted.According to the poll conducted by the privately-owned Levada Center in June, 70 percent of Russians wanted the nation's political and economic course to remain unchanged, while only 19 percent wanted the authorities to reach a compromise with Western nations, even if this requires some tradeoffs.
ROANOKE, Va. - It's a busy week for general manager Brittany Trail with Mosquito Authority.
“We are seeing a 45 percent increase in our call volume with people needing treatments for mosquitoes,” Trail said.
As flood waters recede, the pests will be leaving small pools next to streams as well as in containers and trash where they lay their eggs.
Manager Eric Day, with the Department of Entomology at Virginia Tech, said it doesn't take long for these insects to grow.
"It only takes about three weeks to go from egg to adult and then it's out there annoying you on your deck or your backyard," Day said.
While Trail said there's a low chance of disease transmission in the area, the main concern is the annoyance factor.
“Mosquitoes breed in standing water, so any time you have an abundance of standing water mixed with a lot of foliage, you're going to have high mosquito volume,” Trail said.
The key to controlling mosquitoes is getting rid of the standing water where they live, even if you don't live near the water.
Here's a checklist for your yard or business:
Remove any containers that hold water
Replace the water in birdbaths weekly
Drain ditches
Check for standing water on your roof
If you find unusually high numbers of mosquitoes, Day said call your local health department.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Watch Santa Claus (Kenan Thompson) and their elf (Kate McKinnon) field some uncomfortable Christmas present requests.
“Saturday Night Live” again tackled sexual harassment with a skit involving a department store Santa.
ST. LOUIS — Jason Vargas is scheduled to make their Mets debut Saturday against the Padres, as expected after they came through their four-inning, three-run rehab start Monday with Triple-A Las Vegas just fine. They joined the Mets at Busch Stadium on Tuesday. They replace new reliever Matt Harvey to re-complete the rotation.
For now.
Manager Mickey Callaway described the Mets' starting five as a fluid one. As was the case during spring training, when at least two rotation spots were up for grabs, the Mets don't appear to have any qualms about making changes when merited.
“Everybody should know that we're not just going to hand out starting jobs because you're a starter,” Callaway said.
Zack Wheeler (2.77 ERA, 1.00 WHIP) was pretty good heading into their third start Tuesday. Steven Matz (4.42 ERA, 1.15 WHIP) has been OK in their four outings.
And the Mets have options. Of the four relievers listed on their lineup card Tuesday, half are starters by trade: Harvey, Seth Lugo, Robert Gsellman and Corey Oswalt.
Callaway's philosophy is that pressure — in this instance, pressure to perform to keep one's job — isn't a bad thing.
“You have to go out and get the job done, and I don't think there's anything wrong with having that pressure on you,” Callaway said. “Because there's going to come a time where if we do something special and get where we want to get, the pressure is going to be really bad.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“If you can't handle making starts because there's other people that can start, how are you going to pitch in the playoffs and win us a game?”
The long game
Callaway didn't sound desperate Tuesday for more innings from their starting pitchers.
“I don't know that we can expect them to go deeper in the game,” Callaway said. “I thought we've done a pretty good job of that, just overall, if you look at what guys do in the league. The one thing that we will have to pay attention to is making sure that [relievers] continue to be rested.”
The Mets began their week ranked tied for ninth in innings per start at 5.6. They were tied for eighth in pitches per start at 92.
The Cut is expanding into branded merchandise. New York magazine's female-focused site launched a T-shirt line through Amazon on Tuesday which features of-the-moment headlines and viral quotes from stories (think “Millennial Pink”).
“We sat around in my office and decided what made us laugh and what would make a funny T-shirt. Really it was like The Cut staff saying, ‘Yeah, I'd wear that,'” The Cut's editor-in-chief Stella Bugbee said. The initial run of 32 shirts, which are modeled on the quote cards the brand posts on Instagram, includes phrases in the magazine's signature font like “My other shirt is a caftan,” “Married mom looking for love at Balthazar,” “I bit Beyoncé,” and “What do Jared and Ivanka do all day?”
New additions of wearable content, which run for $25 a pop, will be added weekly “so it capitalizes on whatever people are talking about or joking about in a given week and makes a little ephemeral record of that,” Bugbee explained.
But this T-shirt line is not meant to be a key part of the magazine's business strategy. “The headlines are a core part of The Cut brand and [the T-shirts are about] giving people a chance to take them out of context and take them out into the world,” Bugbee said. “They are meant to be playful and funny and silly. They are not permanent, they are very ephemeral. And that's the point.”
Still, they aren't ruling out expanding into other categories of merchandise like tote bags, mugs — and even bumper stickers (although they, presumably, would be cheaper than a $25 T-shirt).
Read more:
Stella Bugbee Promoted at The Cut
New York Mag Celebrates 50 Years With a Very New York Kind of Party
Adam Moss Discusses Leading New York Magazine
How New York Magazine is Evolving its Business for the Digital Era
Long Islanders have a romance with their coast. For many of us, it's why we live here.
We enjoy quiet walks on the beach. We watch our children frolic in the surf. We cast from shore for stripers and blues. We revel in the solitude of early mornings, the escapism of lazy afternoons and the magical sunsets as evening descends.
It's been a wonderful relationship.
But our coastal policies cannot be romantic. Not if we want to protect the coast we love. Not after the damage we've seen inflicted by storms. Not with the threat we know is posed by constantly rising seas.
In protecting our coastline, and ourselves, we must be clear-eyed in our vision, rigorous in our analysis, and in thrall to facts, not feelings. That's not easy, but it is necessary.
The region has been wrestling with this problem more overtly since superstorm Sandy's ravages in 2012. And we continue to refuse to learn. We've built too close to the water's edge. We refuse to admit that nature always wins this battle in the end and that waging war in one place can lead to damage somewhere else.
The latest case in point is efforts by homeowners in Nissequogue Village to build seawalls at the base of the bluffs below their homes on Long Island Sound. But it's not only them. Seawalls, bulkheads, revetments and groins made of rock, concrete, timber and huge sandbags have been cropping up all over Long Island, from the North Fork to North Haven to Nissequogue, where roughly a dozen oceanfront properties are armored.
This is madness.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
In trying to fix the coastline in one place, these structures do tremendous damage. Natural coastlines absorb the energy of waves, especially storm waves that deposit sand farther inland and strengthen natural barriers. But waves reflect off seawalls, accelerating erosion in front of the structure — as in March, when nor'easters exposed the sand-bag “dune” protecting downtown Montauk. The loss of beach is troubling. It limits the spit of beach the public is entitled to access on the waterside of the mean high-water mark. It also destroys habitat for horseshoe crabs and shorebirds. And by interrupting the natural flow of sand along the coast, hard structures also erode beaches to the sides. That's a problem in Nissequogue, where a barrier beach to the east that protects Stony Brook Harbor is losing sand because of seawalls and bulkheads built by homeowners.
Federal and state law dating decades is clear on this. “Natural protective feature areas” — the term for the vast majority of Long Island's coast — must be preserved and strengthened. Development in many of these areas is supposed to be prohibited. It is never supposed to increase hazards elsewhere. And when homes are threatened, the first option is to move them out of harm's way. In other words, retreat. That's what enlightened leaders in East Hampton Town are exploring now to ensure Montauk's survival. It's what state officials and elected leaders in towns and villages across Long Island need to do, too.
— The editorial board
click to enlarge Dustin Waters
Donald Trump spoke with supporters and members of the S.C. African-American Chamber of Commerce in North Charleston Sept. 23, 2015.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed rumors Tuesday that President Donald Trump will visit North Charleston later this week. The president is expected to be on hand Friday as Boeing rolls out their new 787-10 plane.The president is set to arrive just two days after Boeing employees cast their votes on a pending decision to unionize under the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers.Following the news of Trump's visit, North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey issued a statement, saying, “I welcome President Trump back to the city of North Charleston. Our city and region take great pride in Boeing South Carolina, and the company has shown an overwhelming commitment to our community. It is an honor for the president of the United States of America to be joining us to celebrate the rollout of the 787-10 Dreamliner, a jet built exclusively in North Charleston by the hardworking citizens of the Lowcountry.”Thehas reached out to local law enforcement agencies to determine what, if any, changes or advisories can be expected during the president's visit. Check back later for more updates.
MYRTLE BEACH, S.C. — It ended up being like a stroll along the beach.
The Point Pleasant softball team started its annual week-long trip to the Palmetto State in grand fashion by scoring 13 unanswered runs en route to a 13-1 victory over Penfield (NY) on Monday during a four-inning contest in Horry County.
The Lady Knights (14-4) fell behind 1-0 after a half-inning of play as Nayliez Santiago singled home Sydney Yatteau with two outs, giving the Lady Patriots their only lead of the game.
PPHS, however, responded by sending 11 batters to the plate in the home half of the first, which resulted in seven runs on seven walks and a single.
Those seven walks, conincidentally, came consecutively to start the inning, which gave Point a 4-1 edge without the ball even being put in play.
Then with two away, Cammy Hesson delivered a single that allowed both Rachel Keaton and Megan Hammond to score for a 6-1 advantage. Kelsey Price later scored on a passed ball to give the Red and Black a 7-1 cushion after one inning of play.
PHS didn't produce a single baserunner the rest of the way, and the Lady Knights continued adding to their lead over the next two frames.
King tripled home Leah Cochran in the second, then Keaton entered as a courtesy runner for King and eventually scored on a Hammond single for a 9-1 contest through two complete.
Cochran doubled home both Peyton Jordan and Victoria Allensworth with two outs in the third for an 11-1 edge, then Cochran came around to score as King also scored on a four-base error that concluded the 13-1 contest.
The Lady Knights outhit the guests by a 7-2 overall margin and also stranded three of the four runners left on base in the game. Penfield also committed the only three errors in the contest.
Jordan was the winning pitcher of record after allowing one earned run and two hits over four innings while striking out four. Adrianna Marini took the loss after surrendering four earned runs on seven walks without recording an out.
Hammond led PPHS with two hits, followed by Hesson, Allensworth, Cochran, King and Jordan with a safety apiece. Cochran drove in a team-best three RBIs and added a team-high three runs scored, while Hesson, King and Hammond each knocked in two RBIs.
Yatteau, Santiago and Mary Brophy each had a hit in the setback, with Santiago accounting for the team's lone RBI.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Game of Thrones: "Eastwatch" - Dragons on the Wall
More From HBO
More From Game of Thrones
More From Game of Thrones
More From Game of Thrones
More From Game of Thrones
More From Game of Thrones
More From Game of Thrones
More From Game of Thrones
More From Game of Thrones
More From Game of Thrones
More From Game of Thrones
More From Marvelous Entertainment
More From Game of Thrones
Next
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Police say a man was shot and killed in Oklahoma City by an officer after they took pepper spray and a Taser away from the officer during a scuffle.
Oklahoma City Police Sgt. Robbie Robertson says an officer responded to a request to check on a person lying on the side of the road. When they approached them a scuffle broke out and they knocked their pepper spray away. They then attempted to use a Taser and they took that from them and tried to use it on them
Robertson says the officer then drew their gun and fired, killing the man.
The officer has been taken to a hospital with non-life threatening injuries to their face and hands.
Neither person involved in the confrontation has been identified.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Virtuality was once a capability of mainframe computers, and now even smartphones can do it.
Being able to segment the computer into different virtual versions has many advantages, specifically in respect of isolating experimental code from other critical processes.
Using this combination of hardware and software a system can allocate its resources more efficiently, and divide those functions that are internet-facing from those that have internal access to a network.
For IT professionals and software developers, virtuality is an important aspect of their computing activity, and picking the right tools to create and manage virtual installations is paramount.
Here is our selection of software best suited to those trying to keep things real, virtually.
We've also highlighted the best workstations of 2018
Parallels Desktop 13
The best Apple Mac virtuality
Integration with macOS
Affordable
Much better than Boot Camp
Mac host only
Boot Camp is Apple's free tool for running a Virtual session under macOS, but those that need to do this on a regular basis use Parallels.
It enables them to seamlessly run Windows alongside their native OS, for those awkward moments when they need software that only works on that platform.
A few of the elegant things that Parallels can do is make Windows alerts appear in the Mac notification centre, and operate a unified clipboard.
Most Mac users think of Parallels as a tool exclusively for using Windows, but it can be used to host a wide range of Linux distros, Chrome OS and even other (and older) versions of macOS.
The lowest rung is $79.99 (£60.75) for the basic edition. Above that is a Pro edition that can address more memory and supports development environments like Microsoft Visual Studio. And, a Business Edition that includes centralised license management tools for IT professionals to use.
Oracle VM Virtualbox
Not all good things cost money
Free
Windows, Mac and Linux
100,000 registered users
Not sure what operating systems you are likely to use? Then Oracle VM VirtualBox is a good choice because it supports an amazingly wide selection of host and client combinations.
Windows from XP onwards, any Linux level 2.4 or better, Windows NT, Server 2003, Solaris, OpenSolaris and even OpenBSD Unix. There are even people that nostalgically run Windows 3.x or even IBM OS/2 on their modern systems,
It also runs on Apple Mac, and for Apple users, it can host a client Mac VM session.
Oracle has been kind enough to support VirtualBox, and provide a wide selection of pre-built developer VMs to download and use at no cost.
And, all this is free; even the Enterprise release.
VMware Fusion and Workstation
20 years of development shines through
Free for personal use
Supports GPU virtualisation
Windows, Mac and Linux
VMware offers a very comprehensive selection of virtualisation products, with Fusion 10 for the Apple Mac and Workstation 14 for the PC.
Despite the name difference, these two products offer effectively the same solution, though tailored to each host OS.
For the Mac that includes a neat ‘Unity Mode' that enables macOS to launch Windows applications from the Dock and have them appear like they're part of the host OS.
Workstation, as the version numbering suggests, is a more mature product and delivers one of the most sophisticated VM implementations seen so far.
Being one of the few hosts that supports DirectX 10 and OpenGL 3.3, it allows CAD and other GPU accelerated applications to work under virtualisation.
Workstation Player for Windows or Linux is free for personal use, though Pro is required for business users, and those wanting to run restricted VMs created using Pro or Fusion Pro. Fusion for Mac is a free trial, and $79.99 (£60.75) to purchase.
QEMU
A virtual hardware emulator
Free
Easy-to-use
Linux only
The QEMU website isn't very sophisticated, but don't let that put you off.
Where this product slightly differs from other VM solutions is that it is both a VM host and also a machine emulator. Along with x86 PC, QEMU can emulate PowerPC, MIPS64, ARM, SPARC (32 and 64), MicroBlaze, ETRAX CRIS, SH4 and RISC-V, among others.
It manages to do this without administrator privileges, and the performance of VMs running on it is close to that of native installations.
What QEMU lacks is any sophisticated interface tools, instead relying on CLI inputs to install and configure VM clients.
At this time it is also only able to host on Linux, even if it can run a wide range of operating systems under that.
Red Hat KVM
Virtualisation for enterprise users
Powerful bare-metal options
Already in Enterprise Server
Support model is costly
Before anyone writes in with stern words, KVM is inherently in all major Linux distributions and not exclusively code that comes with a Red Hat distro.
However, Red Hat has enhanced KVM with some very useful features that those already running Red Hat Enterprise Linux need to be aware.
Red Hat has two versions; a basic model included in Enterprise Linux that can have four distinct VMs on a single host and a more sophisticated Red Hat Virtualisation edition.
Red Hat Virtualisation doesn't require a host OS, can be deployed on bare-metal installations and spawn as many isolated VMs as is needed.
With the potential for hundreds of virtual machines, it also has sophisticated management tools to enable a supervisor to virtualise resources, processes, and applications easily.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server costs $349 (£265), and the cost of Virtualisation is entirely dependent on the support plan you need.
Microsoft Hyper-V
Microsoft's basic hypervisor
On Windows 10 and Windows Server
Free
Setup is clunky
Linux support is limited
Originally codenamed Viridian, and then Windows Server Virtualization, it was rebranded to Hyper-V Server when it was first released in late 2008.
These days it comes as part of Windows 10 Pro and Windows Server (2012 and 2016), at no additional cost to the user.
However, what you get for nothing is a very basic hypervisor that can't do the clever things that VMware offers.
The guest OS support includes Windows Server, Windows XP SP3 or later, Linux with a 3.4 or better Kernel and FreeBSD. Although driver support for Linux isn't great, and there is no virtual GPU support.
Hyper-V allows relatively inexperienced users to create a virtual server environment, but don't expect miracles.
Citrix XenServer
A highly scalable solution from Citrix
Free (if you like basic)
Bare-metal installs
Memory management is weak
Limited third-party OS support
Oddly, Citrix XenServer started life as an open source project, and to this day it remains free to download and install. Or rather the basic version is free, but advanced features are restricted to paid tier releases.
Paying customers get sophisticated management tools, the ability to automate and distribute live environments at will. It also has the GPU pass-through and virtualised GPU capabilities, allowing it to offer virtualised CAD for example.
The other thrust of XenServer is to create virtual data centres that can handle planned and unplanned outages equally smoothly, and maintain the high levels of availability that business expects.
A standard perpetual license costs $763 (£579.60) for single CPU socket with one year of support, and the Enterprise version is $2,288 (£1,738) with the same maintenance period.
× Man Accused of Trying to Sell Pills to Boy in Girardville
GIRARDVILLE — A man is locked up in Schuylkill County, accused of trying to sell prescription drugs to a minor.
Police say Michael Grady, 65, of Girardville tried to sell prescription pills to a boy on West Ogden Street on Sunday.
A neighbor saw the exchange and told Grady to leave. That's when police say Grady saw the neighbor's young children and asked to buy one of them.
Investigators said Grady was drunk and high on narcotics at the time.
Grady faces charges including possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance, corruption of minors, and public drunkenness.
By The Associated Press
National Individual Leaders
By The Associated Press
Receiving Yards Per Game
Through games of Dec. 09
G Ct ReYd RecYD Washingto,OklaSt 12 69 1,423 118.6 Miller,Memphs 12 92 1,407 117.3 Johnson,Bufalo 12 76 1,356 113.0 Ishmael,Syr. 12 105 1,347 112.3 Gallup,ColoSt 12 94 1,345 112.1 Brown,Miss. 12 75 1,252 104.3 Coutee,TxTech 12 82 1,242 103.5 Hart,Ga.St. 11 73 1,094 99.5 Quinn,SMU 12 106 1,191 99.3 Wilson,Boise 13 73 1,290 99.2 Owens,FlaInt 9 59 887 98.6 Smith,L'vill 9 53 873 97.0 Johnson,Toledo 13 72 1,257 96.7 Mims,Baylor 12 61 1,087 90.6 Smith,UCF 12 54 1,082 90.2 Morgan Jr,Neb. 11 61 986 89.6 Robertson,S.Miss 12 72 1,070 89.2 Brown,E.Caro 12 60 1,069 89.1 Ateman,OklaSt 12 54 1,049 87.4 Scott,N.M.St 12 73 1,042 86.8 Moore,Md. 12 80 1,033 86.1 Andrews,UCLA 9 60 773 85.9 Jennings,W.Va. 12 94 1,030 85.8 Bonner,Houstn 10 73 850 85.0 Isabella,UMass 12 65 1,020 85.0 Moore,Mo. 12 60 1,017 84.8 Sutton,SMU 12 62 1,017 84.8 Carringto,Utah 11 66 918 83.5 Harry,ArizSt 12 73 1,000 83.3 Harmon,N.C.St 12 65 993 82.8 Brown,Okla. 12 49 981 81.8 Sills,W.Va. 12 60 980 81.7 White,W.Va. 12 58 978 81.5 Grayson,E.Caro 11 59 886 80.5 Phillips,VaTech 12 71 964 80.3 Dunbar,Houstn 11 66 873 79.4 Onunwor,Idaho 11 64 856 77.8 Brady,Marsh 10 56 777 77.7 Gardner,Mia.Oh 12 47 927 77.3 Lee,MidTen 12 74 916 76.3 Demps,Nevada 12 67 908 75.7 Martin, J,WashSt 11 70 831 75.5 Spielman,Neb. 11 55 830 75.5 Philips,Syr. 12 89 904 75.3 Burnett,So.Cal 13 74 975 75.0 Ridley,Ala 12 55 896 74.7 Hall,Mo. 11 33 817 74.3 Bailey II,E.Mich 12 54 878 73.2 Wharton I,Cal 12 67 871 72.6 Noa,Cal 11 56 788 71.6 Johnson,Fresno 13 69 918 70.6 Cobbs, Jr,Ind. 12 72 841 70.1 Sims Jr.,Kansas 12 59 839 69.9 Andrews,Okla. 13 58 906 69.7 Breneman,UMass 11 64 764 69.5 Willis,CMich 9 42 625 69.4 Zaccheaus,Va. 12 80 833 69.4 Veal,LaTech 12 69 832 69.3 Hobbs,Tulsa 12 55 830 69.2 Green,LaMnro 12 54 829 69.1 Proche,SMU 12 40 816 68.0 Valdes-Sc,So.Fla 11 50 746 67.8 Johnson,Minn. 10 35 677 67.7 Chark,LSU 12 35 811 67.6 Chapman,CMich 12 54 805 67.1 Hall,BallSt 12 78 801 66.8 Lazard,IowaSt 12 61 799 66.6 Cantrell,TxTech 12 67 790 65.8 Arcega-Wh,Stan. 11 43 720 65.5 Mannix,Nevada 12 57 778 64.8 Pringle,Kan.St 11 28 705 64.1 Turner,LaMnro 11 40 704 64.0 Guyton,N.Tex 12 48 764 63.7 Way,S.Ala 12 47 762 63.5 McInnis,Ark.St 11 42 693 63.0 King,Tex.St 12 52 750 62.5 Hamilton,PennSt 12 48 747 62.3 Mayala,UConn 10 43 615 61.5 Malone,La.Laf 11 44 676 61.5 Rahming,Duke 12 61 733 61.1 Encalade,Tulane 12 39 730 60.8 Kirk,TexA&M 12 58 730 60.8 Sherfield,Vandy 12 50 729 60.8 Johnson,Texas 12 51 725 60.4 Miller,BGreen 12 63 722 60.2 Pettis,Wash. 12 62 721 60.1 Meyers,N.C.St 11 56 651 59.2 Davis,Auburn 13 76 768 59.1 Edwards,S.Caro 12 59 705 58.8 Mitchell,So.Cal 11 41 644 58.5 Fitzpatri,L'vill 12 45 699 58.3 Lodge,Miss. 12 41 698 58.2 Weah,Pitt. 12 41 698 58.2 Collie,Hawaii 11 56 636 57.8 Bobo,Colo 12 62 693 57.8 Lawrence,N.Tex 13 56 749 57.6 Jennings,Temple 12 39 691 57.6 Simms,W.Va. 11 32 630 57.3 Lamb,Okla. 13 40 741 57.0 Redding,BGreen 11 45 624 56.7
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis meets with members of the U.S. mission at the NATO Headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, Feb. 15, 2017. (DOD photo by U.S. Air Force Tech. Sgt. Brigitte N. Brantley)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.15.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 04:42 Photo ID: 3166673 VIRIN: 170215-D-GO396-0057 Resolution: 4740x2371 Size: 2.42 MB Location: BRUSSELS, BE Web Views: 2 Downloads: 1 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, SD arrives at NATO [Image 1 of 3], by TSgt Brigitte Brantley, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC +0.2 pct, CSI300 +0.1 pct, HSI +0.0 pct
* HK->Shanghai Connect daily quota used 0.5 pct, Shanghai->HK daily quota used 21.7 pct
* HK->Shenzhen Connect daily quota used 4.4 pct, Shenzhen->HK daily quota used 5.6 pct
* CNY official close 6.901 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 -0.1 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index +0.2 pct
SHANGHAI, April 10 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* China anti-graft body investigating chief insurance regulator
* China FX reserves stay above $3 trillion after small March rise
* China's gold reserves unchanged in March for 5th month
* China sets up $11.6 billion fund for steel sector reform
* Beijing to release more land for 1.5 mln homes - Xinhua
* China stock regulator challenges corporate hype to cool economic zone fever
* China tightens collateral rules involving corporate bonds amid rising defaults
* China's top securities regulator vows to punish "iron roosters" with no dividend payout
* China discovers Asia's largest manganese ore reserve -Xinhua Data due:
* China money supply and lending data in March
Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* China's HNA offers to buy Singapore's CWT for $1bln
* Biotest agrees to takeover by China's Creat in 1.3 bln euro deal
* China clearing houses partners with Canada's TMX in bond market push
* Beijing Gas to spend $1.2 bln this year to boost gas use
* PetroChina sees lower Q1 profit on qtr, but turnaround from yr ago
Earnings for 2016
* TCL's 2016 net profit down 37.6 pct, sees Q1 profit up 54-73 pct
* Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park's 2016 profit up 51 pct, plans financing
* Shanghai Electric Power's 2016 net profit down 31.2 pct, other moves
* Shenzhen Overseas Chinese Town's 2016 net profit up 48.4 pct
* Fiberhome Telecommunication's 2016 net profit up 15.7 pct
* Yuyue Medical'S 2016 net profit up 37.3 pct
* Zheneng Electric Power's 2016 net profit down 10 pct
* GRG Banking Equipment's 2016 net profit down 6.1 pct Q1 results
* Weifu High-Tech sees Q1 net profit up 55-60 pct
* COSCO Shipping says to post profit in Q1
* Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical sees Q1 net profit up 60-75 pct
* Daqin Railway sees Q1 net profit up about 45 pct
* Jiangxi Copper sees Q1 net profit up 140-160 pct
* Lens Technology sees Q1 net profit up 20-45 pct
* Huace Film & TV sees Q1 net profit up 0-20 pct
* Shenzhen Inovance Technology sees Q1 net profit up 15-30 pct Sales
* Great Wall Motor Jan-March vehicle sales up 8.8 pct
* Changan Automobile's March vehicle sales up 3.6 pct
* Jianghuai Automobile's March vehicles sales down 20.9 pct
Equity changes/IPOs
* China securities regulator approved on Friday 10 IPOs to raise up to 3.1 bln yuan
* Raisecom Technology's IPO 7,301.8 times oversubscribed in online tranche
* Xinfengming Group's IPO 6,347.3 times oversubscribed in online tranche M&A
* China's ZEPC in talks to buy Belo Monte dam stake -sources Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* Shanghai Tunnel Engineering units' consortium expects to win PPP project (Compiled by Luoyan Liu)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jimmy Brattan feels they have started to turn Huntingdon Town around – but isn't about to rest on their laurels.
Following two successive bottom place finishes in the Chromasport Premier, Brattan took over a Hunters side at the start of the season adjusting to life back in Division One.
They currently sit 13th with three games to go and bounced back from last week's derby defeat at Potton United with an impressive 3-1 win at Rushden & Higham United on Saturday.
“We're sitting 13th in the league, and that's the best position the club has managed for a number of seasons,” said Brattan. “We would like to be higher and think we should be higher, but consistency is key, and we haven't been consistent.
“We're finding out a little bit about ourselves, about our character and what the lads have got to offer. They're a great bunch of lads and a lot of them haven't played at this level before, so it's great to see them step up.
“If we can keep them together for another season and add to the squad for next season I think we will do better than we have this season. We'd liked to have got top 10, and we were on for that but February put paid to it.
“I'm happy though as it's a first full season at this level for me as well. It's been a massive learning curve, but that's why were in football. We'll keep learning and developing, keep pushing and see if we can get the club back to the Prem in the next couple of seasons.”
Corey Kingston scored twice and Jake Waterworth grabbed other for the Hunters, who also have a Hinchingbrooke Cup semi against Deeping Rangers to look forward to. The tie had been pencilled in for next Monday but has now been replaced by a league game.
“I'm sure we can give a good account of ourselves as we did against Ely, when we went there as massive underdogs but played them off the park,” Brattan added. “I'm not saying that's what we'll do against Deeping, but we'll and treat it like a cup final and enjoy the occasion.”
In the same division, Potton United's bid to secure the second promotion place behind champions Pinchbeck United looks set to go down to the wire.
A Claudio Dias strike saw the Royals draw 1-1 with promotion rivals Lutterworth Town on Saturday, and they remain in second place on 76 points with one game left.
Lutterworth, the only team who can now catch them, have five games left – but if Potton win their final game, Lutterworth must win all five and make up an eight-goal deficit to deny them.
A defensive howler from Joe Magunda condemned Brakes to a second successive home league defeat on Saturday, writes Paul Okey.
Fresh from their relegation from the Conference National, Southport came into the game buoyed by successive victories.
However, with loan signing Milan Butterfield making an impressive full debut in the home side's engine room, it was Leamington who asked most of the questions before Magunda's 75th-minute aberration.
Butterfield for Gittings was Brakes' only change from Tuesday night's defeat to Tamworth, with the former Kidderminster midfielder dropping to the bench as they rested an infected toe.
The home side were almost given a dream inside the first minute when Rob Thompson-Brown's flick-on allowed Colby Bishop to race into the box but instead of pulling the trigger the striker took an extra touch and the chance was lost.
A fierce drive from Junior English went straight at Iain Turner in the visitors' goal before Butterfield released Thompson-Brown, who fired into the advertising hoardings as the angle narrowed.
Colby Bishop is sent tumbling.
Andrew White shot into the midriff of Tony Breeden from an acute angle but it was a rare sight of goal for the Sandgrounders who were struggling to find any rhythm as Brakes harried and tracked back impressively.
Bishop showed good strength to get a shot away under pressure but they were unable to direct it on target.
The game then descended into a midfield arm-wrestle, with Brakes finally wresting control as the game neared the half-hour mark.
An English header from a Connor Gudger cross went well over, while Ahmed Obeng drew a fine sprawling save from Turner after Richard Taundry's long throw had been flicked on.
Joe Magunda gets an acrobatic effort all wrong.
A rasping shot from Dominic Smith was straight at Breeden who was now a peripheral figure as Leamington continued to boss the game.
English was brought down by John Paul Kissock to earn a free-kick in a promising position just outside the area. Taundry's dead ball hit the wall and was half-cleared to Thomspon-Brown whose well-struck follow-up was heading for the top corner before the intervention of Turner.
The visitors' keeper then denied Jamie Hood with their legs after the defender had got up well at the far post to connect with a Thompson-Brown corner.
English was taken off at the break as a precaution following an earlier clash of heads with Andrew White which left the Southport defender sporting a swathe of bandages, Gittings replacing him.
The switch did little to disrupt the balance of play, however, with Brakes continuing to look threatening despite struggling to carve out any clearcut chances.
A desperate lunge from Hood at the far post was inches away from connecting with a Thompson-Brown free-kick, while Obeng was unable to work a shooting chance after nipping in between a defender and Turner to steal possession.
A Thompson-Brown cross flashed dangerously across the face of goal, while Bradley Jackson was off target with a rasping drive for Southport after a rare moment of cohesion from the visitors.
Obeng cut inside before driving a shot just wide of the post before Brakes were cut open for the first time in the 74th minute, White firing into the side netting after a well-worked move down the right.
Despite Southport coming so close to an opener, it was still a surprise when they took the lead just 60 seconds later.
There seemed little danger as Magunda retreated to tidy up a hopeful ball over the top from Adam Dugdale. However, the centre-back failed to get enough purchase on their back pass and substitute Ethan Jones nipped in to roll the ball past Breeden, with it trickling over the line despite a last-ditch attempt to clear from Hood.
It was a real hands-on-the-head moment from Magunda and despite Holleran throwing on Kurtis Revan and Stefan Moore in an attempt to salvage something from the game, the belief had been sucked from the hosts with most of the remainder of the game seemingly spent near the home side's corner flag as Southport cleverly ran down the clock.
Brakes: Tony Breeden, Richard Taundry, Connor Gudger, Joe Clarke, Jamie Hood, Joe Magunda, Rob Thompson-Brown (Kurtis Revan, 79), Milan Butterfield, Colby Bishop (Stefan Moore, 79), Junior English (Callum Gittings, 46), Ahmed Obeng. Subs not used: Tom James, Liam Canavan.
Southport: Iain Turner, Bradley Jackson, Andrew White, Curtis Jones, Adam Dugdale, Dominic Smith, John Paul Kissock, Alex Fletcher (Steven Jennings, 53), Gary Roberts, Jack Sampson, Liam Martin (Ethan Jones, 64). Subs not used: Yves Zama, Rowan Roach, Gerard Garner.
DETECTIVES have charged two people over the armed robbery of a Laidley service station on Saturday.
Police will allege three males entered the Vaux Street business armed with two iron bars about 7.30pm.
A 20-year-old man of no fixed address has been charged with armed robbery and is due to appear in Ipswich Magistrates Court this morning.
A 16-year old Laidley North boy has also been charged with armed robbery.
Three men robbed a service station in Laidley on Saturday, June 30. Contributed
They allegedly threatened the female staff member and stole cigarettes before running out of the store.
The female staff member was not physically injured during the incident.
Investigations are continuing. If you have information, please phone Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or Policelink on 131444.
Several large retail companies, including Wal-Mart, Target, Best Buy, and Macy's, are making a direct appeal to President Donald Trump not to impose tariffs on goods imported from China. Aleksandra Michalska reports.
According to a new market research report published by Credence Research “Positive Patient Identification (PPID) Market (Component: Scanning Equipment and Software & Services; Deployment Model: Web-based and Cloud-based) – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2023”, the global positive patient identification market is estimated to reach US$ 1.65 Bn by 2023.
Browse the full report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/positive-patient-identification-ppid-market
Market Insights
Positive patient identification refers to a combination of hardware and software solutions designed for identifying a patient's details so as to ensure correct medication is provided to the same. The most significant factor driving the market growth is the rising expenditure over healthcare IT and other automation systems designed for carrying seamless processes in healthcare organizations. Another major factor fueling the market growth is the growing instances of patient misidentification leading to fatal losses to the patients along with economic loss. Considering these factors, the market is projected to portray robust growth during the forecast period. Nevertheless, factors such as reluctance to change and ignorance towards patient safety may challenge the market growth.
The overall positive patient identification market is segmented on the basis of market components, deployment model and geographic regions. On the basis of components, the market is segmented into scanning equipment and software & services. As of 2015, the market is led by the software & services segment. Further, based on the deployment models, the market is further segmented into cloud-based and web-based PPID solutions. The market is currently dominated by the web-based PPID solutions segment. On the basis of geographic regions, the PPID market is led by North America region, as of 2015. The region is expected to hold the largest share worldwide throughout the forecast period. Nevertheless, Asia Pacific is projected to emerge as the fastest growing segment during the forecast period.
Browse All Reports of This Category @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/industry/pharmaceuticals-market
Competitive Insights:
The global positive patient identification market is technology driven, requiring vendors to invest substantial amount in research and development. Some of the leading and emerging players identified in the research study include Imprivata, Inc., Zebra Technologies, RightPatient, Inc. and PatientWorks Corporation. The global positive patient identification market is driven by technology developments and innovation. The competitive rivalry among current market players is comparatively high as every player is seeking to gain first movers advantage in the market.
Key Trends:
Shift towards cloud-based positive patient identification solutions
Partnership with healthcare organizations (on contract basis) and other market players
Shift towards biometric positive patient identification solutions
Emphasis on integration capabilities
About Us:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
Who we are
Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals.
Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa.
Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect.
What we do
We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability.
No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies.
Media Contact
Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager)
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
Ph: +1-800-361-8290
Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com
Related Coverage Man arrested for drunk driving in fatal car accident
BRIDGEPORT, Conn. (AP) — A Connecticut chiropractor has been sentenced to four years in prison for driving drunk and causing a crash that resulted in the death of another man.
The Connecticut Post reports that 28-year-old Jonathan Rosa-Whitlock, of Bridgeport, pleaded guilty Tuesday to second-degree manslaughter with a motor vehicle and second-degree assault.
They were sentenced to serve four years of a 10-year sentence and five years' probation.
Related: Man arrested for drunk driving in fatal car accident
Authorities say Rosa-Whitlock was driving south on the Merritt Parkway in the early morning hours of April 25, 2015 when they rear-ended another car driven by 27-year-old Jesus Rivera. The impact spun Rivera's car around and sent it careening into the guardrail. Rivera died at the hospital. A passenger survived.
Police say Rosa-Whitlock's blood alcohol content was more than twice the legal limit to drive.
___
Information from: Connecticut Post, http://www.connpost.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Potentially unwanted programs and other kinds of malware are a real threat if you like downloading and experimenting with free software. Malwarebytes Anti-Malware is a great tool for picking up any such threats that get past your antivirus suite.
Free software is fantastic, but sometimes when you download a program, an unwanted extra comes along for the ride. That's where Malwarebytes Anti-Malware can help, giving your existing antivirus software a boost and picking up any security threats that it misses.
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware Download here: https://www.malwarebytes.com/mwb-download/ (free version is listed as 'premium trial') Type: Malware scanner Developer: Malwarebytes Operating system: Windows Version: 3
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware is particularly good at finding and erasing potentially unwanted programs (PUPs). Thesearen't viruses, so they might not be picked up by your regular security software, but they're a nuisance. They can redirect your homepage, change your default search engine, add toolbars to your browser, place sponsored links on your desktop, and generally make your life miserable. They can also compromise your privacy, monitoring your comings and goings, then reporting back to advertisers.
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware also wipes out more serious issues, including ransomware. It won't replace your usual antivirus software, but it a superb addition to your online security arsenal.
User experience
When you first install Malwarebytes Anti-Malware, you'll be given a 14-day free trial of the premium edition, including real-time scanning. Once that expires, you'll have to open the program and scan for issues yourself, but this is easy and well worth the effort.
Although Malwarebytes Anti-Malware is designed to work as a supplement to your regular antivirus software, not a replacement, it's worth quickly checking the official forums to see if there are any known conflicts.
During scans, Malwarebytes Anti-malware checks your PC's memory, startup files, registry and file system – a comprehensive search that should pick up any dangerous programs that are currently running, or ready to launch themselves next time you reboot your PC. It'll take some time, but is well worth the effort - either as part of routine maintenance, or if you've noticed your PC or web browser behaving strangely.
The detection rates are excellent, and if you find yourself performing manual scans on a regular basis, it's definitely worth considering an upgrade to the premium version.
You might also like
LONDON — Qatar World Cup organizers say they are overcoming the obstacles to construction posed by the regional blockade and insist there is "no risk" to the FIFA tournament being staged in 2022.
The energy-rich nation's land border and its air and sea routes have been closed off for four months since Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates launched an economic boycott.
Qatar World Cup secretary general Hassan Al Thawadi tells The Associated Press on Friday that "contingency plans" have been activated, with alternative supply chains put in place to ensure stadium construction continues in the Gulf nation.
Al Thawadi says there is "no risk in relation to the hosting of the World Cup," maintaining that "some minimal increase" in costs has been absorbed.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday announced that it will hear the bail plea of Malegaon blast case accused, former Lieutenant Colonel Shrikant Prasad Purohit on August 17.
A division bench of the apex court, headed by Justice R. K. Agrawal and also comprising Justice Mohan M. Shantanagoudar, decided to hear the bail plea.
The Bombay High Court had earlier dismissed the bail plea of Lt. Col Purohit.
Lt. Col Purohit then moved the apex court challenging the Bombay High Court`s order and seeking bail in the case.
Besides Lt. Col Purohit, Sadhvi Pragya is also an accused in the Malegaon blast case.On September 2008, a blast at Malegaon killed six and injured 101 others
Photo: AFP
While all pre-election talk has concerned fears that Moscow will try and influence the French presidential election, new data in France suggests American internet users are working hard to boost Marine Le Pen's chances of victory.
While Russia has been formally accused of trying to meddle in the French presidential election to seek a favourable outcome, it seems they are not the only ones (alleged) interfering.
The company Linkfluence, which monitors social media channels, released data to BFM TV that suggests American internet users are also trying to influence the outcome of the presidential election by helping to boost Marine Le Pen's chances of winning.
It comes after news site Buzzfeed claimed in January that Trump supporters were pretending to be French online in a bid to help the National Front's Marine Le Pen.
According to Linkfluence, which monitors all the millions of content added online, some 50 percent of all comments or posts made online in the United States were about Marine Le Pen, with Linkfluence's Guilhem Fouetillou saying there among these there were three times as many positive ones than the negative posts.
Linkfluence, like Buzzfeed did, suggested that it was the hordes of pro-Donald Trump internet users in America who were getting online in droves to back Le Pen.
“Most of these contributions come from pro-Trump accounts that were active during the American presidential campaign,” said Fouetillou.
Certain hashtags, including #MFGA – Make France Great Again (a spin on Trump's election slogan Make America Great Again) give away the partisan nature of the social media users.
Fouetillou says they can see the influence of the American ‘alt-right' – an extremist far right ideology, whose followers were accused of helping Trump to power.
Buzzfeed's article in January included images from a private chatroom they had gained access to called "The Great Liberation of France", hosted on a messaging platform called Discord.
It revealed how Trump supporters are organising online to create fake French accounts on social media.
Marine Le Pen is an admirer of Donald Trump and was quick to congratulate them on their election win in November.
They previously told reporters how Donald Trump would be good for France.
Linkfluence's chief says the number of pro-Le Pen American social media users is only a tiny proportion of internet users but they say they are a highly organised group, who know how to occupy space online.
But can these online soldier across the pond really influence French voters and help Le Pen become the next president?
Fouetillou says they can give them a certain boost, but are unlikely to be a deciding factor.
“There are always several factors that determine an election, but the significance of all this noise around Marine Le Pen is that it can give dynamism to their campaign and add to the foreign media coverage around her, which feeds the impression that they are powerful.”
Most of the talk about interference in the French elections has centred around Moscow's alleged attempts to meddle.
Last month the head of the powerful Senate Intelligence Committee warned that Russia was interfering in the French election just as it did in the US presidential campaign last year.
An elderly Pennsylvania man had no way of visiting their ill wife in the hospital, so they called police to help.Montoursville Police Chief Jeff Gyurina says the 84-year-old man's same-aged wife had a medical emergency last Thursday and was taken from their home in an ambulance.The frail man told Gyurina, who was at the scene, they had no family in the area to take them to the hospital, and they can't drive anymore.Gyurina gave them the patrol car's cell number and told them to call whenever they were ready to go.A few hours went by, and Deputy Chief Jason Bentley got the call. They picked up the man and escorted them into the hospital in Williamsport.The chief says "it's a small town so you try to help out when you can."
For this week's Business Beat, Grocery store McRuss is making it easier for those getting assistance through the Needs Assessment Unit to buy food.
Store owner Charles Russell said it's important to them to help those in need, which is why they decided the supermarket will accept coupons from the NAU.
“Cayman has a change in environment and there is, unfortunately, more people with these needs and I think it was important for us to implement this as a part of our business,” said Mr. Russell.
According to the Economics and Statistics Office, 905 people receive NAU relief for the 2015-2016 fiscal year.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) — Quarterback Tyrod Taylor is unhappy with the Bills decision to bench them to close the season and questioned whether he's played their final game for Buffalo.
Unless they hear otherwise, Taylor said they can only assume the benching reflects the Bills having lost confidence in them to continue on as their starter.
“That's fair to say. That's what it showed,” Taylor said Monday, when Bills players gathered to clear out their lockers a day after a season-ending 30-10 loss at the New York Jets .
“Did I believe that was fair? No, I didn't,” Taylor said, adding he's hoping to get a lengthier explanation from the team during exit meetings. “Once we have the conversation and it's actually explained to me why it was done the way it was, we'll move forward from there. But we'll see when that happens.”
Advertisement
Taylor also revealed they are scheduled to visit a doctor on Wednesday to seek a second opinion on whether he'll require surgery to repair a groin injury that has nagged them over the past month.
The injury didn't prevent them from playing the previous four games. And Taylor did take part in two of Buffalo's three practices last week before they were listed as inactive against the Jets.
The decision to start backup EJ Manuel was made at the same time the Bills fired coach Rex Ryan on Tuesday and promoted Anthony Lynn as the interim head coach.
Without going into detail, Lynn called it a “business decision,” and said they didn't take part in the meeting in determining to start Manuel.
General manager Doug Whaley is scheduled to address the media later in the day.
The Bills went 7-9 and extended the NFL's longest active playoff drought to 17 seasons.
Taylor's future is cloudy. In restructuring their contract this year and signing them to a five-year contract extension in August, the Bills retained the right to opt out of the deal by March.
Next season's portion of the contract, worth about $30 million including bonuses, is guaranteed if Taylor is unable to pass their physical.
Taylor said the injury clause plays no role in their decision whether to have surgery or when.
“If that's what I need to get done, I want to get it out of the way. It's not about the guarantee,” they said.
Taylor said it's premature to say whether he'd consider restructuring their contract to remain in Buffalo.
In two seasons, Taylor went 15-14, including a 7-8 record this year.
The benching came after Taylor played their best game, going 26 of 39 for a career-best 329 yards and three touchdowns in a 34-31 overtime loss to Miami.
They finished 269 or 436 for 3,023 yards with 17 touchdowns and six interceptions this season. They also had six rushing TDs.
Taylor has had difficulty rallying the Bills from deficits, going 2-14 in games Buffalo trailed by 4 or more points at any time of the game. A rash of injuries to Buffalo's top receivers, including starter Sammy Watkins, hampered Taylor's production.
They did provide a dynamic running element to team that led the league in rushing for a second consecutive season. Taylor finished with 580 yards rushing to break the single-season franchise record for quarterbacks they set last season with 568.
“Can we be better? Yes. Can I be better? Yes,” Taylor said. “If the decision is to keep me here, I'm definitely going to continue to keep playing my heart out.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
BOISE, Idaho - An Idaho mom was cited today for possession of marijuana, just like they planned. It was all part of a protest today at Idaho state capitol. A handful of people rallied to raise awareness and called on Idaho to change it's marijuana laws. At 4:20pm, organizer Serra Frank handed over their pot to police and was cited.
"We are completely surrounded by legal marijuana by C.B.D and by decriminalization and Idaho is on the wrong side of history and it's up to us how long we are going to stay there," Said Serra Frank of Idaho Moms for Marijuana
The group is working to get signatures for a petition to legalize medical marijuana.
New Delhi: At a time when the Pakistani cricket team has reached the finals of ICC Champions Trophy 2017, there is major embarrassing news for their dressing room.
Wahab Riaz, who was ruled out of the tournament after sustaining an injury in the first match against India, is now up for grabs on e-commerce website eBay.
In a first of its kind, Riaz, who conceded 87 runs in the match against India, was put for sale by one of the disappointed Pakistani fans.
By the time eBay removed it from their website, the auction had received over 50 bids with one of the users bidding as much as 610 Australian dollars.
The screenshot of the bid has now gone viral on social media.
Riaz made an unwanted record in the match against India, where they became the most expensive bowler in the history of ICC Champions Trophy by conceding 87 runs.
The pacer, who was heavily criticised for their lacklustre bowling performance, took to Twitter to apologise to their fans.
"My performance has let down my nation n team, Im sorry sp to PCT fans. I tried my best but it was not good enough n I'm heart broken as well," they tweeted.
My performance has let down my nation n team, Im sorry sp to PCT fans. I tried my best but it was not good enough n I'm heart broken as well — Wahab Riaz (@WahabViki) June 7, 2017
After being annihilated in the first match against India, Pakistan fought back hard to win their next two league games against South Africa and Sri Lanka to seal their berth for semi-finals.
Pakistan proved that their success was no fluke by stunning hosts England in the semi-final with an eight-wicket win to reach the finals.
"I'm a supply NCO responsible for 8.2 million dollars of equipment," stated Sgt. William Jones, the logistics automation supply NCO with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), an Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa. "The Army has provided me with challenges I feel most people don't get to experience at my age, I enjoy the travel, people and I'm proud of what I do here," said Jones.The 316th ESC is currently deployed to Camp Arifjan, Kuwait in support of the 1st Theater Sustainment Command mission of providing logistics support throughout the CENTCOM area of operations. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.08.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082964 VIRIN: 161208-A-PF724-010 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 7.62 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
They have been clear that the default position should always be to believe 'accusations,' and when speaking about their zero-tolerance stance on allegations said "The standard applies to everyone. There is no context in which someone doesn't have responsibility for things they've done in the past."
Funny how the rules change the moment Trudeau could be in trouble...Justin Trudeau has finally spoken publicly about the alleged 'Kokanee Grope.'"I remember that day in Creston well, it was an Avalanche Foundation event to support avalanche safety. I had a good day that day. I don't remember any negative interactions that day at all," said Trudeau.Coming from most politicians, that might be an acceptable response.Except, Trudeau has previously said this kind of responses are inadequate.Even worse for Trudeau is that he's applied those standards to their own MPs, ruining their reputations and basically ending their political careers by booting them over allegations - including allegations made by an NDP MP who now faces their own allegations.So, Trudeau was happy to apply their zero-tolerance approach when it wasn't about him,Everyone else watches their career go down in flames, while Trudeau gets to say "I don't recall any negative interactions," which is a clear abandonment of their past stance.How convenient.It's a disgusting level of hypocrisy, and it's yet the latest example of Trudeau's contempt for the truth, and contempt for the Canadian people.
Uganda has just signed a bill that further criminalizes homosexuality, CNN reports.Uganda has just signed a bill that further criminalizes homosexuality, CNN reports.
The dispatch of the intelligence-gathering vessels appears to be partly aimed at sending a warning signal to the United States
In what appears to be both a coordinated move and a warning to Washington China and Russia send spy ships to track Carl Vinson.Yomiuri Shimbun says it has been provided with this information by "numerous sources within the Japanese government".It is not unusual for the Russians and the Chinese to send spy ships to monitor the activities of the US navy, though because of the vastly enhanced means of surveillance possible today by satellites and by other means the days when the USSR was forced to maintain a vast fleet of spy ships consisting of converted trawlers to keep track of what the US navy was doing are long past. As Yomiuri Shimbun says:I would add that what looks like the joint dispatch by the Chinese and the Russians of their spy ships to track the Carl Vinson and its accompanying escort ships is also a sign that the Chinese and the Russians are working together during this crisis, not just at the diplomatic level but at the level of their militaries as well.However the joint decision to dispatch spy ships to shadow the Carl Vinson and the rest of the US fleet would be a political one agreed by the two countries' Presidents, Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping.President Trump's National Security Adviser General McMaster has again said that China is "working" with the US on a "range of options" to solve the Korean crisis.The dispatch of Chinese spy ships to the area alongside Russia's is however the only practical action China has so far taken during this crisis.
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — The alleged murder of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's estranged half-brother could be the best cloak-and-dagger thriller North Koreans will never get to hear. And if they did, they'd likely need some plot explainers — few know Kim Jong-un even had a half-brother.
While no country in the world has a cult of personality surrounding its leaders as intensive as North Korea's, the narrative is carefully groomed and highly selective, leaving even some of the most basic details unknown to the general public. Predictably enough, the existence of an elder half-brother — and particularly a somewhat rebellious, free-wheeling one — has never been part of the North's official leader narrative.
It is simpler to keep the line of succession and power as clear and direct as possible. For the most part, that means grandfather, father and son.
Ironically, or perhaps not, the swirling reports of the hit on half-brother Kim Jong Nam at a Malaysian airport come as the nation is gearing up for one of the biggest leader-reverence events of the year.
Advertisement
It's called the “Day of the Shining Star,” the birth anniversary of the late leader Kim Jong Il, who was Kim Jong-un and Kim Jong Nam's father, though they had a different mother.
The only holiday that is more important is the “Day of the Sun,” which marks the birthday of Kim Jong-un's grandfather, North Korea's founder and “eternal president” Kim Il Sung.
The barrage of Kim adulation in North Korea is constant. There are even flower festivals held each year that feature begonias and orchids named “Kimilsungia” and “Kimjongilia.” On Wednesday, with no mention whatsoever of Kim Jong Nam's death in Malaysia in the state media, figure skating and synchronized swimming exhibitions were being held in the capital to mark the day.
Beyond their frequent “on the spot guidance” trips and attendance at official events, details of the actual lives of North Korea's leaders are generally scant. Other members of the Kim family tree are rarely if ever mentioned.
Kim Jong-un's younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, is a powerful member of the ruling elite, but that would also come as a surprise to many people here. Them name does appear from time to time on official guest lists or party positions, but without further elaboration. Their other half-brother, Kim Jong Chul, and older half-sister, Kim Sul Song, are believed to be party members in good standing.
Kim Jong Nam had long been much more problematic.
Before Kim Jong-un emerged as the clear heir to their father, Kim Jong Nam had been seen by some outside observers as the country's likely next generation leader.
Others thought they were not in line, but anyways they are believed to have fallen out of favor after they were caught at a Japanese airport in 2001 trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland. They had lived outside of the North for years and has a son who studied in France, though little solid facts are available.
They had, however, made some sporadic comments in public suggesting that the North needed to reform in order to survive and questioning its hereditary rule, but also indicating they had no desire to switch places with their younger half-brother.
If they were killed, the motive is as yet just another of many, many mysteries.
And, of course, Kim Jong-un themselves remains one of them.
Five years into their reign, they are firmly established a daily fixture on the front pages of the state-run newspapers, a constant presence on the television news and the object of tremendous praise on countless billboards and propaganda posters across the country. In something of a break with past practice, their wife has been often seen with them in public — though less so recently.
But to outsiders, it can be surprising how narrow the official narrative is.
Purges, not surprisingly, aren't normally reported, though the brief trial and execution of Kim Jong-un's powerful uncle was prominently broadcast and signaled to many experts Kim Jong-un's effort to solidify their powerbase. On a more mundane level, it has never been confirmed if Kim Jong-un has children (he is believed to have at least one daughter), what their age is (probably 32 or 33) or many other basic biographical details.
When asked about the gaps, officials regularly explain that it is because the still young Kim is too humble to want such attention for himself.
___
Talmadge has been the AP's Pyongyang bureau chief since 2013.
"I joined for all the reasons everyone else has," revealed Sgt. Michael Tabor the Sustainment Automation Support Management Office NCOIC with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), an Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa."I was very young and I wanted a head start on life, I wanted to go to school, I wanted to see and experience new things, and I wanted to serve my country," Tabor said. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.06.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082961 VIRIN: 161106-A-PF724-005 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 5.33 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The Bee Corp., was recently awarded nearly $225,000 from the National Science Foundation. The one-year SBIR Phase I grant will help the Indiana-based company improve its beehive monitoring system.
These funds will allow Bee Corp. to build on the baseline statistical model of a healthy hive it developed in 2017. It will look for hive abnormalities that show common threats to health like disease and pest problems. The company says these findings will improve existing monitoring systems.
“The National Science Foundation award will allow us to discover new insights about honeybee health through hive data,” says Ellie Symes, Bee Corp CEO. “We will be able to build better models of hive activity and develop new applications for internet of things technology within the beekeeping industry.”
The company added a full time data scientist to the team who will work on the grant project. “She will lead a three-person team of Indiana University graduate students to build and test algorithms and make recommendations on product creation,” Symes says.
In addition to the National Science Foundation grant, the company is pursuing $50,000 in matching funds from Elevate Ventures.
Far from being the stuff of science-fiction, artificial intelligence, or AI, is becoming an increasingly common sight in today's world.
Combining the latest powerful software with top-of-the-range hardware, AI tools are being used to transform many areas of everyday life, from healthcare to traffic problems.
But what is AI, and how is it being used today? Here is our guide to everything you need to know, and some of the most innovative and interesting use cases around today.
What is AI?
For years, it was thought that computers would never be more powerful than the human brain, but as development has accelerated in modern times, this has proven to be not the case.
AI as a concept refers to computing hardware being able to essentially think for itself, and make decisions based on the data it is being fed. AI systems are often hugely complex and powerful, with the ability to process unfathomable depths of information in an extremely quick time in order to come to an effective conclusion.
Thanks to detailed algorithms, AI systems are now able to perform mammoth computing tasks much faster and more efficiently than human minds, helping to make big strides in research and development areas around the world.
Some of the most notable real-world applications of AI are IBM's Watson, which is being used to power research in a huge range of fields, with Microsoft's Azure Machine Learning and TensorFlow also making headlines around the world.
But AI-powered smart assistants are becoming a common presence on mobile devices too, with the likes of Siri, Cortana and Alexa all being welcomed into many people's lives.
There seems no limit to the applications of AI technologies, and perhaps the most exciting aspect of the ecosystem is that there's no telling where it can go next, and what problems it may ultimately be able to solve.
AI latest news and examples
04/07 - Facebook buys British AI company to help it better understand human speech
Facebook has bought Bloomsbury AI, a British company specializing in natural language processing. The Bloomsbury team will join Facebook's London office, where they'll add their skills to the social network's growing artificial intelligence division...
(Image: © DeepMind)
28/06 - Two thirds of UK workers want more duties automated
A study of 1,200 UK workers has found that many people believe machines shouldn't replace people in boring meetings, but they're welcome to take the minutes...
22/06 - Microsoft gives Marks & Spencer an AI facelift
One of the UK's oldest shops is set for a technology makeover after Marks and Spencer announced a new partnership with Microsoft. The computing giant will be working with M&S to bring its AI technologies into the company's stores and customer experiences, helping transform the 134-year-old institution into a "Digital First" retailer...
19/06 - Facebook's AI can take your blinking selfies and digitally open your eyes
Using a machine learning technique called 'generative adversarial network,' or GAN, Facebook researchers taught an AI to observe a picture in which you blinked, compare it to an unblinking photo of you, and then use “in-painting” to substitute your closed eyelids for open eyes...
19/06 - Hisense's AI TV will make you an armchair World Cup expert
At CES Asia, China's biggest technology show, Hisense demonstrated its vision with an AI-powered TV that works as a virtual football pundit to help even non-fans wrap their heads around all the tournament's finer details...
15/06 - Gmail turns to AI for smarter email notifications on your phone
As part of the recent Gmail redesign, Google unveiled a new feature, currently for iOS only, that ensures your Gmail app only sends you push notifications when “high-priority” emails come in...
15/06 - Major Windows 10 updates are getting better and faster with AI
Microsoft has revealed that it used artificial intelligence to drive the speed and efficiency of the rollout of its latest April 2018 Update for Windows 10...
11/06 - London hailed as AI capital of Europe
London has been named as the AI capital of Europe in a new report that highlights the UK's standing as one of the top technology hubs in the world...
08/06 - Google creates its own AI rulebook - promises it won't go all Terminator on us
Google may have quietly dropped It's Don't Be Evil tagline but it is still firmly in the 'we're not planning to end the world' camp when it comes to AI. To prove it, it's released a comprehensive list of guidelines that it is going to adhere to when it comes to everything it is doing with AI...
07/06 - MIT creates 'psychopath' AI using the dark side of Reddit
To study how AI can become corrupted by biased data, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) decided to intentionally turn its AI into a psychopath named Norman—a reference to the villain in Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho...
07/05 - Microsoft wants to empower people with disabilities through AI for Accessibility
Microsoft is greatly expanding its mission to help those with disabilities through AI for Accessibility. The software maker announced the new $25 million, 5-year program designed to empower one-billion people with disabilities around the world through AI. To this end, Microsoft will put its money and resources towards helping developers to accelerate the development of accessible and intelligent AI solutions...
People leave flowers underneath flags at a memorial for shooting victims in Liege, Belgium, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. A gunman killed three people, including two police officers, in the Belgian city of Liege on Tuesday. Police later killed the attacker, and other officers were wounded in the shooting.(AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert)
People leave flowers underneath flags at a memorial for shooting victims in Liege, Belgium, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. A gunman killed three people, including two police officers, in the Belgian city of Liege on Tuesday. Police later killed the attacker, and other officers were wounded in the shooting.(AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert)
BRUSSELS (AP) - The man who killed four people in the Belgian city of Liege this week carried out an act of "terrorist murder" and likely intended to cause more carnage, prosecutors said Wednesday, as authorities tried to establish whether they acted alone.
Benjamin Herman, an inmate on a two-day prison furlough, attacked two female police officers from behind with a knife on Tuesday, stabbed them repeatedly, stole their handguns and shot them as they lay on the ground, officials said. Crossing the road, they shot to death a 22-year old passenger in a car. Herman then took a cleaning woman hostage at a nearby school. When police closed in, they ran out onto the sidewalk firing and police fatally shot him. Four officers were wounded. Officials confirmed that Herman had also killed a fourth person Monday.
They yelled "Allahu akbar," the Arabic phrase for God is great, several times during Tuesday's rampage, including when they ran out to face police the last time, prosecutors said.
Imaankaf Darifa, the hostage, told the Associated Press they tried to keep them away from the children at the school. "I told him: 'you are in a school here, you cannot come in a school, it is not right what you are doing'."
They said that when police ignored their request at the behest of Herman to leave, they threw their identity card out. Then, Darifa said, "he walked out, and I left. Then there were the guns and they killed him."
Prime Minister Charles Michel and King Philippe visited them in hospital, where they were being treated for shock.
"She was very courageous and perhaps, but this we will have to verify, they helped avoid more victims in the school," Interior Minister Jambon said.
The attack has shaken Belgium where police and military have been working overtime to guard public buildings for two years since coordinated suicide attacks on the Brussels airport and subway system killed 32 people and injured hundreds on March 22, 2016.
Belgian federal magistrate Wenke Roggen said Wednesday that the attack was considered "terrorist murder and attempted terrorist murder." They said it's being treated as terrorism given the way Herman acted, which they say resembled Islamic State calls via video to attack police with knives and steal their weapons, the fact that they yelled "Allahu Akbar" and was in contact with radicalized people.
The attack started outside a Liege cafe and Roggen said the attacker went in and out of it a few times after shooting the officers but that people inside had fled or hidden thanks to the quick thinking of the owner. It indicated they were looking for more victims, officials said.
An investigating magistrate specializing in terrorism has ordered autopsies on those killed at the scene and a toxicology examination of the attacker.
Prosecutors said Herman has had several run-ins with police since they were a minor. They have been sentenced on assault, drug and insubordination charges. They left prison early Monday on furlough and should have returned Tuesday evening.
"He also committed a murder the night before," Interior Minister Jan Jambon told broadcaster RTL. Jambon said the fourth victim was a former inmate who did prison time with Herman. Herman is alleged to have killed the man on Monday evening by hitting them over the head with a blunt object.
Jambon said an investigation has been launched into the incident, including the circumstances surrounding Herman's release from prison.
"It's really an isolated case. They aren't part of a network, they didn't receive instructions from anyone else, so there is no need to raise the terror threat alert level," Jambon said, adding that investigators have no precise information that any other attacks might be likely.
The police officers have been identified as Soraya Belkacemi, 44, and Lucile Garcia, 54. The passenger in the car was named as Cyril Vangriecken, 22, who was preparing to become a primary school teacher.
Belgian media reports named the man killed before Tuesday's rampage as Michael Wilmet.
In Liege, the mother of Soraya Belkacemi, Bernadette Hennart, kissed a necklace and laid it over flowers at the scene, saying it was important for them and the victim's brother to visit the place where their daughter spent their last moments alive.
Hennart said that they had come "to piece things together. No one has told me very much. Only through the media, and it's not nice. I can't stand watching it. I can't say goodbye to her."
Flags were flying at half-staff on public buildings around the city and people gathered to sign a book of condolences and lay flowers in memory of the victims. The prime minister joined others at the scene in a minute's silence. Police and security officials also assembled in Brussels and Antwerp to mourn the loss of their two colleagues.
"Every morning I am scared that something like this will happen, and every day it happens closer to home," Melissa Lamny told The Associated Press after wrapping flowers around a lamppost at the scene of the killings.
___
Mark Carlson and Sylvain Plazy in Brussels, and Bishr Eltouni in Liege, contributed to this report.
Those in the know continue to be impressed by the golf skills of Bishop Ryan Catholic Secondary School student Johnny Travale.
Kent State University noticed Travale's prowess and potential in the sport last year, offering them an NCAA golf scholarship (he's committed to begin next fall). And, recently, Golf Canada added the Hamilton Golf and Country Club member to its National Junior Development Squad.
Travale spoke of being selected to join that elite group after tying for low individual score (2-over 72) at the Golden Horseshoe Athletic Conference championships Thursday. The annual regional high school finale was held at the Beverly Golf and Country Club.
“I got an invite not too long ago,” Travale said. “I haven't spent much time with them yet. But I will have to move out to Victoria at the end January for four months. I'll be playing a lot of tournaments and travelling a lot with them. It will be a really good experience.”
Lillian Scott is a high school student in Fort Worth, more than 1,300 miles from where the most recent school shooting left students and teachers dead, rekindling the debate on gun violence.
Scott, 16, a junior at Paschal High School, can't shake the deep sadness that came with the shooting. And the feelings of loss intensified as they watched videos about the 17 victims on social media.
"These were students just like the students that I go to school with," Scott told the Star-Telegram in a Facebook Messenger interview. "These were athletes, members of the band, choir and orchestra. These students were either just beginning high school or just ending high school and beginning to prepare themselves for college."
Scott and their friend Lucy Ariola, 17, felt they had to do something.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
On Sunday night they started organizing a March For Our Lives event aimed at bringing attention to gun violence and school safety in North Texas. The Fort Worth march is a part of a national movement.
"We hope to make our elected officials hear our voices," Scott said. "Students are losing their lives while those in charge are doing nothing. We want to have a large turnout and have our elected officials feel the pressure to make change regarding gun control."
March For Our Lives is a national event planned for March 24. Students, parents, teachers and supporters of gun control and school safety are marching to Washington, D.C. Sister marches have been announced on social media across the country and in several other Texas cities, including Dallas, Houston and Austin.
"It is time for change. Not one more life can be lost in a school shooting," Scott said. "Fear has no place in our schools."
School districts prepare for walkouts
Since the shootings, students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School have shared their message against gun violence in speeches, interviews, social media and on TV news shows. Students have also been walking out of classrooms to make a stand against gun violence. One Southeast Texas school district made news when the superintendent announced students who walk out face suspensions.
In Tarrant County, several school districts said students would face unexcused absences if they miss class. For example, in Fort Worth schools, students walking out to protest gun violence would be treated the same way students who recently walked out to protest a lack of immigration reform.
"The principal of the school will make contact with the parent or guardian of each student to make sure they know the student made the choice to leave," district spokesperson Clint Bond saidl. "School personnel will not attempt to stop the students but will advise them of the consequences. If students continue to participate in a walkout school staff and police will accompany them to help ensure their safety."
In Birdville schools, administrators are taking a similar approach.
"If students walk out, they are still responsible for any work missed, but the district will not take a confrontational stance if they leave," Mark Thomas, district spokesperson, said in an email. "However, students will be encouraged to use another forum that will allow them to thoughtfully share their concerns."
This article is a good Q and A there's a lot of profanity on my end so viewer discretion is advised https://t.co/oVtG1McnfJ — David Hogg (@davidhogg111) February 21, 2018
'Address these gun issues'
March For Our Lives Fort Worth is scheduled for 10 a.m. March 24 at the Tarrant County Courthouse, 100 Weatherford St.
"We are organizing this march to demand that our lives and safety become a priority for our elected officials," Scott said. "We are marching to end gun violence and mass shootings in our schools today. The mission and focus of March For Our Lives is to demand that a comprehensive and effective bill be immediately brought before Congress to address these gun issues."
Scott said they hope students of all ages will join the Fort Worth movement — from elementary to college.
"We are the future and the present," they said. "We should take it upon ourselves to let our voices be heard and make change."
Scott said students today attend classes knowing police officers and security guards are on campus to protect them. Still, they attend classes as school shootings become more common.
"School shootings have become a widespread problem in the United States, which has caused me to worry about my safety at school. It is awfully sad that we have to perform lockdown drills so often at our schools because of the fact that our school safety is not ensured," they said.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 124 'Do we jump off the wing?': Southwest Airlines passengers panic during emergency landing Pause 39 Man shot to death near a church in southeast Fort Worth 127 Racing legend Johnny Rutherford had their famed race car 'baked' to perfection 171 Step inside the Flying Axe Factory in Fort Worth 126 After two failed pregnancies, a Fort Worth couple delivers triplets 146 At Pura Vida Sanctuary, the Afro roots in Latin dance come alive 118 More than 70 musical instruments found in stolen storage trailers. Are they yours? 82 Police officers in Fort Worth fatally shoot armed suspect 9 Suspect arrested in police officer-involved shooting in Fort Worth 164 Super Bowl LII: Can this crocodile get revenge against the New England Patriots with their Super Bowl pick? Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
High school students across Florida staged walkouts and protests to show solidarity and demand tougher state and federal gun laws. The protests were in response to the deadly shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida that killed 17 people. Nicole L. CvetnicMcClatchy
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 124 'Do we jump off the wing?': Southwest Airlines passengers panic during emergency landing Pause 39 Man shot to death near a church in southeast Fort Worth 127 Racing legend Johnny Rutherford had their famed race car 'baked' to perfection 171 Step inside the Flying Axe Factory in Fort Worth 126 After two failed pregnancies, a Fort Worth couple delivers triplets 146 At Pura Vida Sanctuary, the Afro roots in Latin dance come alive 118 More than 70 musical instruments found in stolen storage trailers. Are they yours? 82 Police officers in Fort Worth fatally shoot armed suspect 9 Suspect arrested in police officer-involved shooting in Fort Worth 164 Super Bowl LII: Can this crocodile get revenge against the New England Patriots with their Super Bowl pick? Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
President Trump held a listening session with Florida high school shooting survivors and their parents on Feb. 21at the White House. Parents of Sandy Hook victims and Columbine also attended. The White House
Diane Smith, 817-390-7675, @dianesmith1
When it comes to drafting players, NFL teams not only are trusting their scouts for the “eye test” to evaluate talent, but they're using analytics, too.
The Jets have employed an analytics department for several years, and general manager Mike Maccagnan said they would like it to expand. “It's something every team has used, we're no different,” they said. “We've done quite a bit. We've done it on the pro and the college side.”
Maccagnan won't say how much analytics will influence their decision in drafting a quarterback with the No. 3 overall pick Thursday. But if you're looking for the best fit for any team that uses the metrics, Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield is at the top of the list.
According to Sports Info Solutions, Mayfield led the FBS in Independent Quarterback Rating, which accounts for dropped passes, throwaways, spikes, throws inside and outside the numbers and performance under pressure.
Mayfield led the FBS in passes outside the numbers and was sixth in scoring a touchdown on 42 percent of their red-zone trips. They were third in the nation in IQR under pressure and seventh in passes outside the pocket. Mayfield also was second in air yards with 2,301. (Air yards are calculated by subtracting yards after catch from yards gained.) Oklahoma State's Mason Rudolph led with 2,917.
“You [see] the tea leaves and they're leaning toward Baker Mayfield at No. 3, and you look at their career, he's the analytics prospect,” said Charles McDonald, a staff writer for Football Outsiders, which uses analytics to grade pro and college players.
“When you look at all the efficiency passing numbers, their completion percentage, yards per completion, yards per attempt, scoring passing metrics, he's through the roof. If the Jets are going to make a move to give up three second-round picks, three significant assets, to move from six to three and they're thinking about Baker Mayfield, analytics would play a pretty big role.”
It doesn't mean the Jets will draft Mayfield, or even if he'll be available at No. 3. The Browns, at No. 1, need a franchise quarterback, and an ESPN report had them smitten with Mayfield. The Giants, with the No. 2 pick, also could snag a quarterback.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Maccagnan can make an educated guess on whom the Browns and Giants will take and go from there. But even he's not sure what will happen Thursday night.
“As you go through this, you never probably truly know,” Maccagnan said. “But you always hear a lot of stuff and you follow that and you can only focus on what you can control. I'm sure there will be lots of conversations among many teams as we get closer to the draft, and we'll see what happens.”
The pro days, private workouts, game and practice tape are part of the process of evaluating talent from a physical standpoint. When it comes to evaluating a player on paper, there's no disputing the numbers, and most NFL teams use analytics as a guide for projections.
You just need all the help you can get.
“This whole the Next Gen Stats, we've gotten some access to, but not as much as other teams,” Maccagnan said. “That's another aspect as this expands a little bit. There may be other ways you look to, whether it's coaching or scouting, to make ourselves more efficient or more effective in what we do.”
Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis has suggested transgender military members may continue to serve, despite President Donald Trump's announcement of a ban.
Mattis said Monday that the White House had still not provided policy guidance on transgender persons serving in the military, adding that they were still studying the issue, raising the prospect that transgender service members may be allowed to continue to serve despite President Donald Trump's July announcement of a ban via Twitter.
"We are going to study the issue," Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon.
"The policy is going to address whether or not transgenders can serve under what conditions, what medical support they require, how much time would they be perhaps non-deployable leaving others to pick up their share of everything. There's a host of issues and I'm learning more about this than I ever thought I would and it's obviously very complex to include the privacy issues which we respect," Mattis said.
"I am waiting right now to get the President's guidance in and that I expect to be very soon," they added.
Trump announced their plan to ban transgender service members on Twitter last month. The move took the Joint Chiefs of Staff by surprise, and the Pentagon has said it is awaiting an official order from Trump before making a policy change.
The White House has yet to send official guidance to the Pentagon on the ban.
Mattis was unwilling to publicly support a 2016 Rand Corp. study commissioned by the Defense Department that put the number of transgender people in the military at between 1,320 and 6,630.
Mattis added that the guidance Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford issued still stands. In a July memo, Dunford informed service members that there will be "no modifications to the current policy until the President's direction has been received by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary has issued implementation guidelines." "In the meantime, we will continue to treat all of our personnel with respect," Dunford wrote in a memo to the military that was obtained by CNN.
Mattis said the Defense Department is working with the Trump White House: "I got my people over there in the room to give them any military background that they might need to inform them but they write their own policy of course. So we are in a supporting role right now and soon we'll have, you know, the actual direction."
Last week, five active-duty transgender service members filed a lawsuit against Trump's Twitter directive, arguing it was unconstitutional.
Asked about the ban on August 10, Trump said they were doing the military "a great favor."
"I think I'm doing a lot of people a favor by coming out and just saying it," Trump said. "As you know it's been a very complicated issue for the military, it's been a very confusing issue for the military and I think I'm doing the military a great favor."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
ABUJA An outbreak of meningitis in Nigeria has killed 269 people in recent weeks, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control said, as Africa's most populous country and aid organizations attempt to tackle the surge in infections.
As of Monday, 1,828 suspected cases of meningitis were reported with 269 deaths in 15 of the country's 36 states, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) said on Twitter late on Tuesday.
The center said on its website that 33 people died of meningitis in 2016.
More than 2,000 people died from an outbreak of the disease in Nigeria in 2009, with basic healthcare limited in rural parts of the country, where most people live on less than $2 a day, despite the country's huge oil resources.
Meningitis is the inflammation of tissue surrounding the brain and spinal cord which can be caused by viral or bacterial infections. It spreads mainly through kisses, sneezes, coughs and in close living quarters.
The NCDC said it was now working with the World Health Organisation, the U.N. Children's Fund and Medecins Sans Frontieres, also known as Doctors Without Borders, to try to control the outbreak.
(Reporting by Sharon Ogunleye, Paul Carsten and Alexis Akwagyiram, editing by Ed Osmond)
The Great American Beer Festival kicked off last night for the 36th time. Thousands of people flooded into the Colorado Convention Center to imbibe on more than 3,900 beers from 800 breweries from across the US. Hailed as the largest festival of its kind, GABF sold out quickly — proving the event continues to maintain its popularity (even if ticket sales were slower). Last night's highlights included the usual march of the bagpipes around the convention center, the creative costumes and general drunken debauchery.
But aside from the typical scenes, there were more than a few special tappings. This included a whopping 18 percent ABV beer from Black Project called Covert #1 that went almost immediately and a collaboration beer from Avery and Odell that was blended on site during a ceremonious pulling of the taps from Adam Avery and Doug Odell. Other highlights included a delicious Fernet Branca beer from Forbidden Roots made in partnership with Fernet Branca using 17 ingredients from its secret recipe. If there was one snafu last night, it happened at the very end when the restrooms were reportedly blocked off, leaving thousands of people without a place to relieve themselves. But according to the organizers of the event, the incident won't occur moving forward.
Many beers and two nights remain for the popular festival, including the announcements of who will win the coveted medals during this year's competition. Make sure to check back with 303 Magazines for updated coverage and follow us on Instagram to see more live from the festival.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
All photography by Kyle Cooper, unless otherwise noted.
The late Princess Diana's youngest son, Prince Harry, opened up to The Telegraph about going to therapy decades after losing their mother as a boy. "I can safely say that losing my mum at the age of 12, and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years, has had a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well," Harry said.
Princess Diana died in a car crash in 1997. In the years that followed, Harry went to war in Afghanistan but by their late 20s, they felt a "fight or flight" sensation during royal engagements and was struggling with anger issues where they felt "on the verge of punching someone."
"[I] started to have a few conversations and actually all of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with," Harry told The Telegraph's Bryony Gordon, who runs a podcast about their own struggles with obsessive-compulsive disorder called Mad World: Why It's Totally Normal to Feel Weird.
Harry, 32, said they are now in a "good place" after their older brother, Prince William, helped encourage them to get professional help. "I've done that a couple of times, more than a couple of times, but it's great," they said of seeing a therapist. Harry, alongside their brother William and sister-in-law, Kate Middleton, founded a mental health charity called Heads Together in 2016, which helps to fight mental health stigmas.
Harry added: "I have probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions, when all sorts of grief and sort of lies and misconceptions and everything are coming to you from every angle ... The experience I have had is that once you start talking about it, you realize that actually you're part of quite a big club." Read their full interview at The Telegraph here. Jeva Lange
Mumbai: Music composer Shashwat Sachdev says "Veere Di Wedding" producer Rhea Kapoor has been the source of inspiration and encouragement for their music in the film.
"Rhea Kapoor has been a major source of inspiration and encouragement for my music in the film. Rhea has a massive history of three great albums that they have produced in the past, so there was a lot to learn from their experiences and their business knowledge," Sachdev said in a statement.
The composer, who made their debut with Anushka Sharma's "Phillauri", said Rhea never put them in a box and gave them "complete freedom to explore my musicality".
The musician from Jaipur returned after a stint in Los Angeles where they worked on international projects. They have collaborated with Grammy Award-winning sound engineer Tony Maserati, who has worked with the likes of Lady Gaga and Beyonce.
On actor Sonam Kapoor's involvement, they said: "All the inputs came from Rhea. However, I remember meeting Sonam a couple of years back after I finished making 'Bass Girade' and 'Pappi'. They really liked my work and did not shy away from honestly expressing it."
Sachdev also praised Sonam's "charming humility".
"Veere Di Wedding" will be hitting the screens on Friday. It also features Kareena Kapoor Khan, Swara Bhasker and Shikha Talsania.
Although the PS4 Pro gets most of the attention these days, with its 4K visuals, the slimmer, standard PlayStation 4 is a great starting point for anyone who wants to get into console gaming and doesn't have a large budget.
It is, by far, the most widely adopted format out there and is capable of playing thousands of games, many of which with high dynamic range (HDR) graphics.
But is it worth considering over its more capable sibling or even an Xbox One? Read on to find out.
288 x 265 x 38mm body (Pro is larger 327 x 295 x 55mm)
Blu-ray optical drive, 500GB or 1TB HDD (can be user upgraded)
No optical audio output (unlike original PS4)
In comparison to the previous, original launch PlayStation 4, the shape and build of the current PS4 looks like the console has been on the Atkins diet for a while. But although other consoles have benefitted from trimming down in the past, such as the PS3 and, big rival, the Xbox One S, the PS4 aesthetic makes it look cheap and more like a toy.
The new matte and mottled exterior looks more Primark than premium. And the rounded corners give it an air of Fisher Price over flagship device.
Still, it is a PS4 – the current iteration of the fastest selling console of all time and something that continues to bring a smile onto millions of faces on a daily basis. As soon as you load your first game you realise that its superficial looks are irrelevant, and at least some of the superslim design decisions make sense.
The physical power and eject buttons are easy to find and use - certainly easier than the weird touch-enabled strips on the original. And the glowing LED that indicates whether the PS4 is switched on or in standby mode is small and located under the buttons. It won't bother your eyeline when sat under a TV.
The slim build also helps you hide the console away in an AV cabinet as it is dinky – smaller even than the Xbox One X.
There is one caveat. For some reason unbeknownst to us, the optical digital audio output that was present on the original PS4 has disappeared. That might not affect many, but is bad news for those who would rather feed sound directly into separate speakers or an older AV receiver that doesn't accept HDMI.
All other ports you'd require, including two USB 3.1 sockets, Ethernet, the asupervisorstioned HDMI and an AUX hole for the PlayStation Camera, are thankfully present.
HDR capable (if you have compatible TV connected) for some games
Full HD 1080p maximum output resolution (Pro offers 4K 2160p maximum)
In terms of gaming, its primary function, the standard PS4 is superb - only bettered by the much more expensive PS4 Pro or Xbox One X.
All PlayStation 4 models now have HDR support for relevant games and media content. Yep, you don't have to have a PS4 Pro for that.
Of course HDR is only relevant for those with an HDR-enabled television and requires games to support the wider colour gamut and deeper contrast it affords. But when they do the impact is simply "wow".
There are plenty of games these days that can benefit from the deeper blacks and higher white peaks of HDR. And there will be even more in the future. Most games released for PS4 going forward promise HDR graphics.
The user interface is constantly being improved over time, so is now vastly superior to the one launched many moons ago.
Patches over the last year or so have added plenty of new features and, while it isn't quite as complex as the Xbox One dashboard, we find it is easier to navigate and get to the most important aspects – namely playing games.
Bundled controller works with PS4 and PC
Top-down light strip position helps know which player you are
For the latest PS4 (and PS4 Pro), Sony redesigned its DualShock 4 controller. It has an added, player-facing LED light strip along the top of the controller's touch panel, which is different to the original version.
This is so players can see it without having to flip the gamepad over, to see which colour they are during multiplayer games or the like.
The latest pad also adds the ability of communication through the USB port. This means you can use it with a PC, for example, without any complicated set-up processes.
You can still use former DualShock 4 controllers too, so if you see any on eBay or are upgrading from an original PlayStation 4, you can use them as additional gamepads.
Optical Blu-ray drive, not UHD Blu-ray (no PS4 has such a drive)
500GB or 1TB hard drive options (can be user upgraded)
We've found that the latest PS4 is the least noisy PlayStation 4 we've encountered, at least when playing games off the hard drive.
There were times on hot days that our original PS4 sounded like an industrial leaf blower (probably down to the accumulation of dust in its vents over time), and even the PS4 Pro could groan under the heat, but we've had no such issues with the standard PS4. The disc drive makes a little noise when turning, but it's not much of an annoyance.
That's with both game discs and Blu-ray or DVD. It's a crying shame that Sony decided against upgrading the drive to one that can spin 4K Ultra HD Blu-rays in any of its consoles, which is something Microsoft includes with the Xbox One S and One X. But the PS4's HDMI port isn't 4K compatible anyway, so it's irrelevant in this case.
You can upgrade the PS4 hard drive, though, either through an external USB 3.0 HDD or internal one.
The latter is actually quite easy thanks to a slide-out HDD caddy hidden under a flap near the rear. We swapped ours for a Samsung 2TB 2.5-inch drive and, as long as you have the right screwdriver to hand (a Phillips #1), it's a doddle. It cost us an extra £80 for the drive, but that's well worth it.
ISLAMABAD: President Mamnoon Hussain and Prime Minister (PM) Shahid Khaqan Abbasi have conveyed their felicitations to Chinese President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang on their re-election to their respective offices.
Both the president and the prime minister appreciated the visionary leadership of China for steering the country towards remarkable growth and development in the last five years.
They thanked the Chinese leadership for actively supporting the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) which was a flagship project of President Xi Jinping's One Belt, One Road (OBOR) initiative.
They expressed their desire to continue a close working relationship with China to further strengthen Pakistan-China relations in all areas of mutual interest in order to benefit the people of both the countries.
Amazon is offering a fleet of new and classic games to its Prime subscribers throughout July – and all for free.
At the time of writing, Prime members can access Obsidian's popular RPG Pillars of Eternity and the galactic puzzle game Q.U.B.E. 2 over game-streaming site Twitch , with additional titles released each day until July 18.
Incoming titles also include the sci-fi adventure game Tacoma, and Obsidian's other medieval fantasy RPG, Tyranny.
The titles are free to download with a Twitch Prime membership, which is part of the £79/US$119 per year bundle of shopping and streaming services offered through Amazon Prime .
It's prime time
Amazon Prime Day 2018 is essentially an in-house version of Black Friday, and see over one million online products get heavily discounted for the duration of the sale.
This year's Prime Day kicks off on Monday 16 July at 12pm BST (UK) and 12pm PST (3pm EST), running throughout the next day for a total of 36 hours. The day-and-a-half day sale is taking place a week later than usual, likely due to the World Cup Semi Finals occupying the usual date.
But to get you in the mood, Amazon is already whetting its members' appetites with a host of early deals, including offers on Amazon Music and the Amazon Echo Show – but you can keep track of everything on offer with our ultimate guide to Amazon Prime Day 2018.
Below is the FCIAC boys and girls tennis scoreboard for Monday, April 23. Box scores appear where provided.
Boys Tennis
Staples 5, Norwalk 2
Singles
Taishi Hosokawa (N) def. Kion Bruno 3-6, 7-5, 10-7
Prem Dave (N) def. Ben Stein 6-3, 6-2
Eric Stein (S) def. Lucas Aravjo 6-0, 6-0
Andrew Saunders (S) def. Jeb Boyrer 6-1, 6-0
Doubles
Jack Tooker and Eric Greenberg (S) def. Billy Nesais and Tyler Cappadonna 6-0, 6-1
Adam Greenlee and Jamie Lamb (S) def. Jerry Narasse and John Randrestanillo 6-0, 6-0
Daniel Stone and Lucas Haymes (S) def. Christian Miller and Christian Ghetu 6-1, 6-0
New Canaan 7, Warde 0
Singles
JJ Lee (NC) def. Ethan Wolf 6-2, 6-2
Matt Brand (NC) def. Jack Davis 6-2, 6-2
Sai Akavaruma (NC) def. Kyle Rubin 6-2, 7-5
Andrew Zuo (NC) def. Noah Gruder 6-3, 6-1
Doubles
Luke Crowley and Alessandro Sulpizi (NC) def. Robert Pavoni and Sam Greenberg 6-1, 6-0
Ben Graham and Jack McCarthy (NC) def. Jackson Cusick and Cormac O'Day 6-0, 6-3
Jamie Butler and Griffen Dayton (NC) def. Jack Patterson and Ben Dachman 6-2, 6-4
Westhill 4, St. Joseph 3
Singles
Drew Morris (SJ) def. Tyler Pomerance 5-7, 4-1 (ret)
Jon Jazminski (SJ) def. Matt Greenbaum 4-6, 1-1 (ret)
Alex Reyes (WH) def. Samir Rajani 6-1, 6-0
Andrew Hinnau (SJ) def. Rutvik Marathe 3-6, 7-6, 10-5
Doubles
Shiloh Williamson and Henry Zhu (WH) def. Ryan Carlin def. Ethan Ziegler 6-1, 6-0
Neev Suryawanshi and Nikhil Arora (WH) def. Jack Darefio def. Mark Yakovane 6-0, 6-0
Gaurov Bansal and Rohit Jha (WH) def. Jack Harrington def. Josh Kimball 6-0, 6-0
Ludlowe 7, Trinity Catholic 0
Danbury 7, Brien McMahon 0
Wilton at Darien
Greenwich at Stamford
Girls Tennis
Ludlowe 7, Trinity Catholic 0
Singles
Sam Keane (L) def. Chong Cubarrubia 6-0, 6-1
Xenia Efimov (L) def. Jessica Connolly 6-1, 6-2
McKenna Carroll (L) def. Katie Sanik 6-1, 6-1
Katie Coolidge (L) def. Icey Han 6-1, 6-2
Doubles
Mary Beradino and Emily Cheung (L) def. Sammy Le and Allie Cavaliere 6-0, 6-1
Grace Cogan and Heather Moran (L) def. Vanessa Comeau and Maddie Ingram 6-0, 6-0
Caitlin Chen and Kate Alianiello (L) def. Ashnique Powell and Bella Martinez 6-0, 6-0
Greenwich 6, Stamford 1
Singles
Martine Fierro (G) def. Cara Addison 6-0, 6-0
Melanie Laguizamon (G) def. Hannah Bushell 6-0, 6-0
Christina Gianesello (G) def. Sophia Negyesi 6-1, 6-3
Yui Inagawa (G) def. Cindy Lue 6-1, 6-0
Doubles
Devon and Taylor Yaghmaie (S) def. Hannah Crasto and Kendall Schrohe 6-0, 6-2
Melanie Murphy and Amy Bickham (G) def. Maggie Meister and Nina Passaro 6-1, 6-4
Abby Shrophiro and Hannah Viney (G) def. Megan McKeever and Emily Wharmby 7-5, 6-0
New Canaan 7, Warde 0
Singles
Ashley Walker (NC) def. Hannah Ulman 6-1, 6-2
Maddy Wilson (NC) def. Sana Nagori 6-1, 6-1
Sophie Gardner (NC) def. Karli Vare 6-4, 5-7, 11-9
Valentina Zamara (NC) def. Ellie Daigle 7-6 (3), 7-6 (1)
Doubles
Jenny Loomis and Jordyn Lee (NC) def. Claire Regan and Hayley English 6-3, 6-3
Cassidy Little and Chloe Sigg (NC) def. Clare Byrne and Deb Warren 6-2, 6-2
Liz Gehnrich and Grace Ruksznis (NC) def. Amelia Yoder and Aly Kardos 6-3, 6-1
Ridgefield 7, Bridgeport Central 0
Singles
Aurora Joblon (R) def. Ariana Clarke 6-0, 6-0
Morgan Held (R) def. Giovana Nazeozeno 6-1, 6-2
Alexis Zacharakos (R) def. Catrina Nguyen 6-1, 6-0
Megan Dunphy (R) def. Uyen Vi Ho 6-0, 6-0
Doubles
Hillary Sherpa and Jillian O'Keefe (R) def. Nayeli Serrano and Jackie Tapia 6-0, 6-0
Julia Driscoll and Jennifer Gordon (R) def. Sona Mathew and Angelica Golbin 6-0, 6-0
Hannah Zipkin and Tara Ford (R) def. Jennefer Torres and Haley Guerrero 6-0, 6-0
Westhill 6, St. Joseph 1
Singles
Gabby Gatto (SJ) def. Maddie Kaba 6-4, 1-6, 6-1
Sanjana Nayak (WH) def. Clare Seperack 6-2, 6-1
Tamar Bellette (WH) def. Jayne Hickey 6-0, 6-0
Julia Frederick (WH) def. Chloe Mattison 6-0, 6-0
Doubles
Tricia Kober and Jackie Kaba (W) def. Gina Giannota and Deborah Yahov 6-0, 6-1
Malina Lasicki and Lexi Schultz (W) def. Audrey Patrick and Skylar Shandrowski 6-3, 6-1
Alexa Smeriglio and Caitlyn Tyrell (W) def. Gianne Basso and Isabelle Wolson 6-2, 6-1
Darien 6, Wilton 1
Singles
Lilly Ma (D) def. Isabella Koziol 6-2, 6-1
Emilia Callery (D) def. Emma Caldwell 6-3, 6-1
Emily Wiley (D) def. Cara Kilmartin 6-3, 6-0
Katie Wiley (D) def. Jelena Sypher 6-3, 6-1
Doubles
Emily Neuner and Elaina Cummiskey (D) def. Amber Li and Arden Lee 6-2, 6-3
Gerri Fox and Grace Cahill (W) def. Quin Wolters and Abby Stravato 6-1, 1-6, 7-5
Caroline Homes and Daniela Castellanos (D) def. Kate Seelert and Mackenzie McCormick 6-2, 6-3
Staples 7, Norwalk 0
Brien McMahon 6, Danbury 1
A UK consortium has developed technology for imaging space particles called muons, which can be used to identify and manage radioactive material containing uranium.
(Credit: Dr János Korom via CC)
Similar in structure and charge to electrons, muons are created when cosmic rays collide with the Earth's atmosphere. Almost a decade ago, scientists from the National Nuclear Laboratory (NNL) and Glasgow University discovered that these space particles interact differently with uranium than with other matter, scattering instead of passing straight through. Spin-out company Lynkeos was created to harness the discovery and turn it into a commercial product for the nuclear industry, potentially assisting decommissioning, detection and storage, and saving the sector millions of pounds.
“About 10,000 muons are hitting every square metre of the earth's surface every minute,” said Dr Craig Shearer, project leader at NNL. “Dozens hit you every second and when they do, they pass straight through you – with almost no distinguishable deviation. This is not true when they hit uranium, however. Instead, they scatter.
“When we first looked at this in 2009, we thought we had a 50/50 chance of turning this idea into a product that could be commercialised for the nuclear industry. But the results surpassed expectations at every stage.”
The technology, known as the Muon Imaging System (MIS), is already deployed at Sellafield, with the owners of the Cumbrian reprocessing site having invested £4.8m in the research. Innovate UK also supported the work through £1.6m of funding, with additional backing coming from EPSRC (Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council), STFC (Science and Technology Facilities Council) and the Royal Society of Edinburgh. It is hoped that the MIS can now be exported globally to help manage nuclear waste at sites across the world.
“The Muon Imaging System can be used for a variety of purposes, whether that's inspecting old/spent material used in nuclear production to see if it's safe to store, for imaging the products of thermal treatment processes or inspecting historic waste without needing to chip away its concrete encasing,” said Prof Ralf Kaiser, CEO of Lynkeos.
“This form of detection is providing the nuclear industry with an inexpensive method for testing waste materials, to which there is currently no other technological option. This should help to significantly lower costs within the nuclear industry.”
MORE ON NUCLEAR
(The Conversation is an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts.)
Dennis A. Kramer II, University of Florida and Christopher R. Marsicano, Vanderbilt University
(THE CONVERSATION) For the first time in nearly a decade, the United States Congress is about to take up legislation to upgrade the Higher Education Act – the federal law that governs how the federal government supports and regulates higher education institutions.
The process began earlier this month, when U.S. Rep. Virginia Foxx, a Republican from North Carolina, chairperson of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, introduced the Promoting Real Opportunity, Success, and Prosperity through Education Reform, or PROSPER Act. The PROSPER Act is the first comprehensive attempt since 2008 to reauthorize the Higher Education Act, which was first passed in 1965. The Senate version of higher education reauthorization is expected in early 2018.
Since the largest federal interaction with students is through the Federal Student Aid program, the vast majority of the recommendations within the PROSPER Act are related to changes in the student aid process. Scholars of higher education policy, like ourselves, have documented the role of federal policy in informing both campus operations and the ability for students to have access to, and ultimately succeed in, college.
Here are five things that stood out as we reviewed the proposed legislation.
If you receive the Pell Grant, your award will remain the same. If you want more money, you will need to take 15 credits per semester. Currently students receive a prorated amount of the maximum Pell Grant depending on their enrollment level. The PROSPER Act continues the Pell Grant program through 2024 at the current maximum award of US$5,920. The legislation adds a $300 “kicker,” or bonus, to students who enroll in at least 15 credits per semester during the academic year. This in theory should encourage students to take more credits and graduate earlier. However, more credits could mean potentially higher tuition – perhaps more than the additional $300 bonus will cover – and, as a result, potentially more loans for low-income students. Providing an incentive for full-time enrollment is a good thing, in our opinion, but if it increases student debt levels, the negative impacts may outweigh the benefits.
Dependent undergraduate borrowers will see an increase in annual federal loan limits – from $5,500 to $7,500. What is unknown, however, is whether this access to larger loans will encourage schools to increase undergraduate tuition and fees.
Graduate students will see their loan limits set at $28,500, as opposed to the current limit, which is the total cost of attendance. For parents, the loan limit would be set at a flat rate of $12,500, as opposed to the current limit, which is the cost of attendance wherever their child attends college. For graduate students and parents, the proposed limits may increase the likelihood of taking out additional loans from a private lender – such as personal banks – to cover unmet need. Since private lenders typically have higher interest rates and less favorable terms, this shift may make it more difficult for student loan borrowers to repay their loans. Also, as more borrowers turn to private lenders, it would force borrowers to repay two separate entities – the federal government through direct loans and a private lending entity.
PROSPER proposes additional investments in programs designed to increase connections between job-related skills and a college degree. For example, the legislation would increase available funds for undergraduates through the Federal Work Study program by phasing out graduate student eligibility. It also calls for the creation of an Apprenticeship Grants program focused on business-to-institution partnerships and provides access to Pell Grants for students who are pursuing short-term, certificate or vocational programs.
The PROSPER Act will also change the way aid is delivered to students. Instead of a single lump sum at the beginning of the semester, students will receive their aid – both grants and loans – in biweekly allotments, sort of like a paycheck. The idea is that biweekly distributions will ensure students have access to enough money to stay enrolled through the entire semester – which research has shown to be an effective strategy. Students, for instance, have reported that this approach “helped them to spend their money wisely, decrease work hours and focus on their studies.”
Unlike the current six options to repay student loans, PROSPER would streamline repayment options to two. The first option would be a standard 10-year repayment. The second would be income-driven repayment, or IBR. Under the proposed reforms, the federal government will receive the same amount of money regardless of which plan is selected. It would be up to the students to select if they want to pay off their loans through the fixed 10-year period or pay 15 percent of their discretionary income for however long it takes to pay off the loan, plus interest. Gone are the days of loan forgiveness and forbearance.
Public service careers will revert to being a more altruistic career choice. That's because in prior years, students who went into public services jobs, or even specific K-12 teaching jobs, could receive loan forgiveness as part of their service to the public. However, the PROSPER Act proposes to eliminate all public service loan forgiveness programs and priority targeted grant programs. This includes the TEACH Grant programs, which give additional grant aid to undergraduates who get a bachelor's degree in hard-to-staff teaching areas, such as special education, STEM and foreign language, and who pledge to work in schools that serve students from predominantly low-income families. While the evidence of effectiveness for public service loan forgiveness and targeted grant programs is inconclusive, these programs send powerful signals of national need and priority. It will be interesting to see if the end of public service loan forgiveness programs will change the supply of workers in public service jobs.
While the proposed reforms within the PROSPER Act make large-scale changes to the federal student aid program, there are potential benefits for students. The simplification of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA, along with access to a mobile FAFSA application, would reduce barriers to applying. Access to the additional work study aid and potentially larger Pell Grants may reduce the financial barriers for low-income student enrollment. Finally, allowing student loan borrowers to access income-based repayment may reduce financial stress. However, by removing key loan forgiveness programs and loan forbearance, this legislation is signaling to students that the cost of higher education will primarily be their responsibility long-term.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article here: http://theconversation.com/5-ways-the-proposed-prosper-act-could-impact-students-88756.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Catching up with the Wall Street Journal yesterday, I found Saturday's Journal editorial “Mr. Comey's bad week.” The editorial focuses on the Comey memos that I posted together with my 10 notes on them. My notes overlap in part with the points made in the Journal editorial as it uses the memos to make “a weasel assessment.” The Journal editorial makes one good point that I missed and one critical point that I overlooked.
A good point on Michael Flynn:
[F]ar from suggesting the President encouraged the FBI director to close their eyes to a crime, the memos make clear Mr. Trump was making the case Mr. Flynn hadn't done anything wrong.
A critical point that I overlooked:
[C]ontrary to [Comey's] claims, the memos suggest little reason for appointing a special counsel: Far from looking to obstruct an investigation into Russian collusion, Mr. Trump urges Mr. Comey to continue to investigate in hopes that this would show that the ugliest details in the Steele dossier weren't true. Mr. Trump's motives were personal vindication because they feared their wife might believe the allegations, and Mr. Trump should not have made the request. But asking for an investigation to disprove the Steele dossier undermines the charge that Mr. Trump fired Mr. Comey to obstruct justice. We don't know what other evidence special counsel Robert Mueller has, but hanging an obstruction rap on the Comey memos isn't going to work.
In overlooking this point I missed the forest for the trees. I wanted to make sure that you could take them into account in connection with your own review of the memos.
June 15 (Reuters) - Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers. * ACACIA MINING: Barrick Gold, which owns 63.9 percent of Acacia Mining PLC , said its chairperson and Tanzania's president met on Wednesday and agreed to hold talks aimed at resolving an escalating dispute over an export ban which has hit Acacia. * BARCLAYS: Expectations have increased among current and former Barclays executives that the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) plans to charge both the bank and individuals with regard to the inquiry on arrangements struck with a Qatari sovereign wealth fund in 2008, Sky News reported on Wednesday. http://bit.ly/2rsUFrH * BRITAIN-INSURANCE: New rules to determine lump sum payouts for personal injury claims will cost British motor insurers and reinsurers 3.5 billion pounds ($4.5 billion) initially, consulting firm EY estimates. * U.S. FED RATE HIKE: The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signaling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market. * U.K. ELECTION-BREXIT: British Prime Minister Theresa May edged closer to clinching a deal to stay in power with the support of Northern Irish kingmakers on Wednesday, but faced a battle over Brexit just days before divorce talks are due to begin. * CHINA CEN BANK: China's central bank left interest rates for open market operations unchanged on Thursday, despite its U.S. counterpart increasing its key policy rate overnight. * OIL: Oil prices wallowed near their lowest levels in seven months early on Thursday, hurt by high global inventories and doubts over OPEC's ability to implement production cuts. * GOLD: Gold edged up on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, supported by softer U.S. economic data and a fall in Asian shares following a report that President Donald Trump was being probed for possible obstruction of justice. * LONDON COPPER: London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. * EX-DIVS: 3I Group, Persimmon, Severn Trent will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday, trimming 2.48 points off the FTSE 100 according to Reuters calculations * The UK blue chip index closed 0.35 percent lower at 7500.44 points on Wednesday, as a late drop in crude prices hit oil stocks, more than offsetting gains in housebuilders following a well-received update from Bellway. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: Majestic Wine Full Year 2017 Earnings Release Drax Group Trading Statement Release Safestore Holdings Half Year 2017 Earnings Release PZ Cussons Trading Update WS Atkins Preliminary results TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit http://topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : http://topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Justin George Varghese; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
SEARCH
Political Haibun
The wind knows impermanence but does not trust it.
Dependent upon atmospheric pressure, absorption
and rotation, who can blame the wind? We, too,
lend ourselves illusions, only to barter them away.
Three miles for a beer. Seven seconds for a fresh look.
A dollar extended for every five stolen. Empathy,
but only for the wealthy. Electing liars to office,
we justify our actions with more untruths. Nothing
improves. Even the quality of lies diminishes.
yellowed grass bending
under the sun's weight
god's will, they say
Ennis man killed crossing train tracks
The Ennis Police department is investigating a fatal accident that occurred along the train tracks at Main and Gilmer Streets late Saturday night.
Get the full story in Tuesday's edition of The Ennis Daily News…
Comments
comments
Rome, July 4 - Police on Wednesday arrested four people in relation to the murder of a 48-year-old woman in Reggio Calabria in March, sources said. Fortunata Fortugno, was shot several times while in a car near to a river with their lover, Demetrio Lo Giudice, 53, after a group of several people opened fire. The latter, who is considering a high-ranking figure in a 'Ndrangheta mafia clan, is thought to have been the real target of the hit.
I know I can grab a bottle of micellar water for less than $10 at the nearest Walgreens, but I'm addicted to Dior's cleansing milk, which is four times more expensive.
Even though micellar water is great for sensitive skin like mine because it removes makeup without irritating it or stripping it of moisture, I've always felt kind of silly paying for a cleanser that essentially looks like water out of a tap.
RELATED: Why Spending $120 on an Anti-Aging Sheet Mask Isn't Too Silly
Dior's Hydra Life Micellar Milk No Rinse Cleanser ($42; Sephora.com) is the crème de la crème of no-rinse cleansers. It's formulated with the same micellar technology as you'd find at the drugstore, but in addition to cleansing oil micelles, it contains nourishing rice milk. It has a creamy texture which turns fine and water-like once it's massaged onto skin. Just like regular old micellar water, you gently wipe it off with a cotton round instead of rinsing it.
It feels luxurious instead of utilitarian, and makes taking off my makeup every night something I look forward to doing.
VIDEO: So, What Do You Do Daniel Martin?
I know the over $40 price tag probably seems steep for a product that you apply and then wipe away, but I don't have to scrub my skin because it removes all of my makeup—including mascara—in a single sweep. Plus, it doesn't leave my face with that gross, sticky, tight feeling of so many other no-rinse cleansers.
Photo: Kai Z. Feng
The 24K Magic World Tour will continue on!
Bruno Mars confirmed today's earlier tease by announcing the cities he'll be stopping in with special guest Cardi B.
Related: Bruno Mars Teases Tour With Cardi B
The ‘finale' run for the 11-time GRAMMY winner will include visits to Boston, Brooklyn, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Los Angeles, Nashville, Newark, Philadelphia, St. Paul, Toronto, and Tulsa. Dates and venues to be announced soon.
Tickets for the dates are set to go on-sale February 16th.
Investigators in Las Vegas are still searching Route 91 Harvest Festival gunman Stephen Paddock's past for any clue as to why they plotted to kill 58 people at last weekend's outdoor country music concert. Sounding frustrated at an afternoon briefing, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Undersheriff Kevin McMahill told reporters investigators have found nothing in Paddock's personal life, political beliefs or financial situation to identify a motive behind the attack."In the past, terror attacks or mass murder motive was made very clear by a note that was left, by a social media post, by a telephone call that was made, by investigators mining computer data," said Undersheriff McMahill.The LVMPD second-in-command continued saying, "Today, in our investigation, we don't have any of that uncovered. I wish we did. We will and are continuing to investigate with great tenacity and hope to arrive at an answer."Police say definitively that Paddock had no connection to ISIS and that they're searching "every aspect" of the gunman's background from "birth to death" as they try to piece together what happened. Investigators know where Paddock's guns came from, when they checked into the Mandalay Bay and have a specific timeline of the event stretching from when they began firing until the second they found them dead.Investigators are also trying to determine the meaning of a series of numbers found on a piece of paper left in the shooter's room. They confirm that they found the cryptic note but that they have no idea "what those numbers are or mean." After searching hours of video from hotel security cameras, they haven't seen the shooter with anyone else and they believe no one else had used their room key. Now, the investigation is seeking to determine whether anyone else may have known about Paddock's plans for this incident in advance by putting up billboards in Las Vegas, imploring people to come forward with any detail about Paddock they think might be relevant to the investigation.Inside Paddock's valet-parked car, there were 50 pounds of a chemical compound known as Tannerite - a popular target material for shooters that explodes when hit by a bullet. While it can also be used to improvise an explosive device, Las Vegas investigators say Friday that the Tannerite found in Paddock's car did not resemble an IED.
Wondering why it looks like WW3 might be breaking out?Full transcript below:Transcript:Sergey Mikheev, top political expert:- Whether Theresa May comprehends the situation, whether they resolve the internal issues, whether she's the person who's being pushed towards this decision, to blow up this scandal, it's a whole different question. However, the fact that the UK and the US share the opinion that Russia basically posts a chemical weapon threat to practically the entire world is truly incredibly disturbing.They've used this thesis about a weapon of mass destruction threat before, and they're using it now.They need to do this to prove that it's not about a particular case, not about some post-Soviet controversies, but the fact that Russia poses a threat, as a nation that's capable of attacking any civilized nation with chemical weapons. They're building up a scheme on the level of a primitive comic book. They need to dilute the brains of regular people and political experts so they accept this comic book as absolute fact. Russia is this Dr. Evil, who's immune to any and all reason. Russia has a different logic; it doesn't care about the election that's a week and a half away, or about the FIFA World Cup in 3 months.I think this scheme...- Maybe, it'll be the next step? Maybe, they'll claim that Russia supplies Syria with chemical weapons.- As far as Syria goes, we've already heard from Salisbury to Damascus; our military has already mentioned the chemical weapon provocation they're preparing near Damascus.so that this situation develops logically,thus taking these sanctions to a whole new level.- A rogue nation.- Right. Besides, they want to take a series of pressure-applying measures which will let them make it extremely hard for Russia to reach the goals Putin spoke of. Obviously, such an operation takes longer than 3 days or a week and a half. Of course, it wasn't like they heard the President's speech and decided to do this.As far as our oligarchs go, who've donated 820,000, or more, they were clearly explained that they shouldn't just waste this money in London restaurants, they must do something way more serious, or nobody knows what might happen to them. Nobody knows what "evil Russia, the evil Kremlin, and evil Putin" would do to them.
Police advise anyone who has difficulty controlling their emotions behind the wheel to hang up their keys until they get help.
Norfolk OPP made the observation this week following a road rage incident at a drive-thru at a Simcoe restaurant.
Police report a female driver got into an argument with another driver at McDonald's on the Queensway East Thursday morning. The woman was angry because the vehicles in front weren't moving as quickly as they would have liked.
The incident happened around 9 a.m. The woman got back in their car and drove away when they were informed that police had been called.
“It was a little bit of road rage,” Const. Ed Sanchuk of the Norfolk OPP said. “I urge everyone to have patience on the road. If you can't control your temper in the morning, don't get in your car and drive.”
Stolen excavator recovered
A Bobcat excavator was among items stolen during a break-in near Port Rowan this week.
Sometime between Monday and Thursday, the culprit gained access to a building on Wolven Street. They collected a number of cordless power tools, loaded them onto the Bobcat and drove away.
The Bobcat was later recovered in a nearby field and returned to its owner.
However, a DeWalt reciprocating saw, an impact gun, a battery-powered skill saw, a flashlight and a tool bag were nowhere to be found.
Total value of the missing items is $500. Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Driver threes time over limit
A Norfolk man has been charged with impaired driving after they provided a breath sample that was three times over the legal limit.
A witness alerted Norfolk OPP after the accused put the vehicle they were driving into the ditch on Norfolk Road 28 near Houghton Thursday night.
The 43-year-old motorist has been charged with impaired driving and driving over the legal limit.
“We would like to take this opportunity to thank the concerned citizen that contacted police,” Const. Ed Sanchuk of the Norfolk OPP said in a news release.
“There will be zero tolerance for anyone that decides to operate any motor vehicle while impaired by drugs or alcohol.”
College football is trying to make its game safer, but how long before it's not the game we grew up watching?
So far, the changes have been universally praised by coaches, including the latest alteration to the kickoff rules.
In 2018, receiving teams on kickoffs will be allowed to fair catch kicks inside the 25-yard line for touchbacks, after the NCAA Playing Rules Oversight Panel approved the change two weeks ago. Simply put, it's an effort to decrease injuries that occur during kickoffs.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
SHARE COPY LINK TCU coach Gary Patterson entered the stands during the Horned Frogs' spring game on Saturday. Stefan Stevenson
"I have no problem with that whatsoever," TCU coach Gary Patterson said during Tuesday morning's Big 12 teleconference. "I've always felt like the best thing to do was to kick it out of the end zone anyway."
The only real effect in strategy the change will cause, Patterson said, is the inability for teams to try to place a kick near the end zone after recording a safety. They also raised a mild concern that the change could favor teams without a strong-legged kicker.
Mostly, however, they expressed concern that the essence of the game could be altered with more changes made for safety.
"It's been a part of the game for 100 years," Patterson said. "Long kickoff guy is maybe not as important as they used to be."
There are some who expect,especially considering similar rules changes in the NFL, that kickoffs will eventually be eliminated.
"The hard part of our game is it's a physical game," Patterson said. "When do you get to the point where it's not the same game when it started? How do you compensate for all that?"
Before the 2012 season, kickoffs were moved to the 35-yard line from the 30 and touchbacks gave the offense the ball at the 25, instead of the 20.
BUDERIM acreage living at its best with over 5500sq m of space to enjoy the peace and tranquillity of the natural setting yet remain closely connected to the village and the central Sunshine Coast business district.
Within close proximity to many of the private schools and our golden beaches, it is a very strategically placed Coast property.
Ageless styling in keeping with the character of Buderim, the home displays character and charm with full-length verandas and cosy wood fire to welcome you.
Inside tall ceilings and polished brush box flooring throughout, create a rich ambience with the patina of cedar windows and multiple timber french doors to break out to an expanse of north-facing and weather-sheltered decks.
A sun warmed zone to relax and spend many endless days and evenings mixing with the native birds and savouring the serene environment.
Barbecue or entertain at your leisure all year round with window servery a direct link to the impressive granite topped, two pack kitchens. Just ready and waiting for the creative chef to prepare and plate up.
Open plan of split level creates unhindered separation between the three generous bedrooms with an equally sizeable study which is ready to be the fourth bedroom if required.
Having its own deck, entry and naturally lit reading nook the office lends itself to a home based business operator with an abundance of floor space or offices available on the second level.
Workshop, downstairs will satisfy the man in need of room to store the boat and trailer or work on a project with separate drive access.
In addition a rumpus room on this lower level is ideal for the teenager to break away to their own space and make the most of the extra two double bedrooms for friends to stay over. Alternatively the option for dual occupancy to accommodate the extended family or rental is practical to maximise the use of home.
Yard space is clearly fenced off from the large site to keep the property easily manageable and provide security for children or pets. The ability to have the privacy of your own big back yard and to explore the forest environs will always remain.
Realising a Sunshine Coast dream before Christmas, a change of circumstances has now seen the owners needing to sell after relocating back to Sydney.
BUDERIM
179 Mons School Rd
5 Bed, 2 Bath, 2 Car
Features: Fresh and modern Queensland acreage living, dual living opportunities, high ceilings, brush box flooring, study. Landscaped tropical gardens, town water, two-bay workshop area
Price: Reduced to $769,000
Agent: Robert Horne and Sally Horne at Ray White Buderim
Contact: 0429 508 705, 0409 561 638
Inspection: Saturday 12-12.45pm
A person was fatally shot by an off-duty Chicago police officer in the Hermosa neighborhood Monday morning, a police spokesperson said.The shooting occurred in the 2500-block of North Lowell Avenue, police said.The male subject was transported to Illinois Masonic Hospital where they were pronounced dead, police said. The off-duty officer was not injured.
Kerry Washington is an actor who frequently takes on philanthropic initiatives, and at the 2017 Forbes Women's Summit this week, they talked about why they like to volunteer.
Washington has joined programs that raise money for people who have survived domestic violence, particularly with Allstate Foundation's Purple Purse program, because they believe that stopping cycles of abuse can create positive change.
“Abuse is generational, and for them to be able to make that change in their own life means that their children will be able to live free of abuse,” they said at the New York City summit.
While they have done a lot of fundraising for the cause, Washington has also interacted directly with people impacted by domestic abuse and their stories have stayed with them
“One woman took cash and would roll it up in tampon tubes because they knew that was the only place their husband wouldn't look until they could save enough money to escape,” Washington said. “She had the tools to change their lives.”
ANGELA WEISS/AFP/Getty
RELATED: Selena Gomez, Emma Watson, Kerry Washington, and More Will Encourage You to “Lean In” for Women
Additionally, Washington has designed a handbag for Purple Purse. The bag sale proceeds go directly toward helping survivors of domestic abuse to save up money and gain financial independence without having to rely on abusers.
We could all learn a lot from Washington.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - Federal prosecutors say a New Jersey man used a purported nonprofit group to defraud Medicare out of more than $1 million by convincing hundreds of senior citizens to submit to unnecessary genetic testing.
Seth Rehfuss faces two conspiracy counts in the indictment handed up Friday. It's not known if he's retains an attorney.
Prosecutors say the 43-year-old Somerset man and others used The Good Samaritans of America and offers of free ice cream to gain access to low-income senior housing complexes between July 2014 and December 2015.
The conspirators allegedly used fear-based tactics, including suggesting the senior citizens would be vulnerable to serious health problems if they didn't have the genetic testing.
The conspirators allegedly used online advertisements to recruit health care providers who got thousands of dollars each month to authorize testing for patients they never examined.
© ThinkStock
State Sen. Becky Harris said a bill to prohibit forced microchipping of people is not as far-fetched as it might seem, because it happens in some places around the world.Senate Bill 109 would make it a Class C felony to require someone to be implanted with a radio frequency identifier, such as microchips placed in pets.The idea for the bill came from a constituent, the Las Vegas Republican said. "As I began to look into the issue, I was surprised with the merit that I believe the issue warrants," Harris told the Senate Judiciary Committee on Monday.The Wall Street Journal has reported an estimated, they said.Harris said the technology is used by companies in Belgium and Sweden to identify employees "It's done under the idea to unlock doors or use copy machines or maybe pay for lunch, you could use your hand," they said.Harris said the Nevada bill is modeled after legislation passed by at least 10 other states. "It wouldn't prohibit the voluntary decision of a person to be microchipped," they said, adding thatThere was no total opposition to the bill, though some witnesses said the technology could help patients with dementia. "Some Alzheimer's patients wander away," said Jonathan Friedrich of Las Vegas, adding the technology could be used to help find them quickly.State Sen. Don Gustavson questioned whether military pilots are microchipped so rescuers can find them if aircraft crash or are shot down. Harris said they would check with military officials.No action was taken on the bill by the committee.
It's a sad state of affairs when weather-talk in August is more about rain than sun.
But, once again, Gloucestershire is going to face unsettled weather with rain featuring more than sun.
Today, will be cloudy and breezy with outbreaks of rain – although there will be a few drier spells, the Met Office says.
There could even be a few breaks in the cloud as temperature rise to 20C.
The Weather Channel is forecasting rain from 7am to 11am and from 1pm for the rest of the day.
That means the only ‘bright' spot is those two hours between the rain.
More rain tonight could turn heavy, but it should be dry in the morning with overnight temperatures falling to 13C.
Tomorrow will, at least, be much drier, according to the Met Office – although again, there is likely to be the odd shower.
It will feel warm in the sunshine as temperatures climb to 23C.
There could be more rain on Wednesday, with showers and more rain on Thursday and Friday.
It will also become windy towards the end of the week.
The rest of the week will be unsettled, with rain later on Wednesday, and sunshine and showers or longer spells of rain on Thursday and Friday. The wind will pick up as well.
The new Westpac Lifesaver Rescue Helicopter will be used by crew in training around the region from today.
KNOWN for its iconic red and yellow design, the Westpac Lifesaver Rescue Helicopter Service's new and most powerful chopper takes off today sporting a refreshed look.
The $18 million state-of-the-art helicopter has been kept under wraps for weeks at Lismore Airport, but this afternoon it will take to the sky for the first time in the region.
For the next three months the service's rescue pilots and flight crews will take part in a training program aimed at familiarising them thoroughly with the AW139 chopper.
Helicopter service spokesperson Roger Fry said the "progressive training” regime would teach everyone, from doctors to pilots, how to operate in the Westpac 2.
Mr Fry said Northern Rivers residents could expect to see the new-look red and yellow helicopter conducting training exercises at various sites, from Evans Head to Whiporie and Toonumbar Dam.
"We are going to be flying in all these different areas to expose the crews. They go there all the time but not in this machine,” Mr Fry said.
They said this month would be committed to up-skilling the flight crew and pilots to fly the more advanced aircraft.
It'll be the paramedic team's turn next month, followed by local doctors being shown the ropes in March.
Westpac 2 is bigger, faster and a more powerful aircraft for the long-standing helicopter service.
It travels 46km/h faster than the current chopper, has a cruising speed of 306km/h and is able to fly at 20,000ft - that's 6000ft higher than what the service's crews are used to.
Its engine power is nearly double its predecessor at 1142kw per engine.
Like the current model, Westpac 2 will be able to transport two patients.
The chopper will be showcased alongside the service's other aircraft - to show the differences between the two - at the Great Eastern Fly-In, Evans Head, on Sunday.
Westpac 2's unveiling comes just months before the new Helibase is set to open at Lismore Airport.
The Hudson Valley man who allegedly threatened to kill their 4-year-old girl and their mother by driving off a cliff has been indicted on multiple charges.
Greenwood Lake resident August Melish, 37, has been indicted on charges that include felony counts of first-degree coercion, unlawful imprisonment, reckless endangerment and attempted second-degree assault, as well as criminal obstruction of breathing and endangering the welfare of a child, both misdemeanors dating back to an incident last month.
According to officials, Melish beat their wife on April 22 at their Greenwood Lake home, choking them and putting a pillow over their face to smother her, according to police. The following day, Melish's wife and daughter successfully fled the home and made way to a relative's residence on Route 17A.
Melish later showed up at the relative's home, police said, and again attacked their wife, reportedly breaking through a bathroom door to get to them Melish allegedly struck their wife in the face, pulled their hair and beat other parts of their body. Officials said that Melish proceeded to drag their wife and daughter to a car before police arrived.
Police said that while driving toward Greenwood Lake, Melish became irate, threatening to kill all three of them by driving off a cliff while they continued abusing their wife, while the 4-year-old yelled in the backseat. Melish tried to drive into a ravine, but the woman managed to grab the steering wheel to pull back the other way. They also noticed the key fob and grabbed it and opened their car door and threw out the key, injuring their foot as they did so.
According to police, Melish again attempted to drive into the ravine, but their wife was able to grab the steering wheel and hit the ignition, fighting Melish off while steering the car into a safe space. Melish proceeded to allegedly assault their wife again, when a nearby driver saw the attack and broke up the fight. Their wife proceeded to grab the 4-year-old and locked them both in the car until police arrived.
A Temporary Order of Protection was also issued on behalf of Melish's wife. Melish remains remanded to the Orange County Jail, where they have been since their arrest.  They are due back in court later this year to answer the charges.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
BRIEF-Italian bad loan manager doBank says filed for Milan bourse listing
* Shares to be offered in IPO will be sold by 97.81 percent shareholder Avio, which is indirectly controlled by Fortress Investment Group and Eurocastle Investment Limited Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
In 1993, Alex Wagner saw a familiar face on the cover of Time magazine: It was a computer-generated picture of a multiethnic woman who reminded them of ... herself.
Wagner's father is white and from the Midwest; their mother is from what was then Burma. And after reading the Time story on "The New Face of America," Wagner, then a teenager, decided to embrace their identity as a "futureface."
"I liken it to sort of thinking you were a pigeon and then finding out you were a toucan," says Wagner, now a journalist. "It was like this thing that no one else had, this 'futureface.' But as I got older, I felt the weightlessness of that. And I wanted to know what grounded me."
Wagner was filled with questions about where they belonged, which family stories were myths and which stories were left untold. Them new book, Futureface, is their attempt to find answers about their ancestry.
"In the initial stages, I sort of started talking to family members, and they would tell me these stories," Wagner says. "And inevitably — we all find this — there were snags in those stories, little kind of asides that didn't make sense. And I pulled them, and that's really what the book is about."
Interview Highlights
On their mother's and grandmother's memories of home
Burma — and let me be clear, it's also known as Myanmar — and the reason a lot of Burmese and Burmese exiles call it Burma: It's a form of political resistance to the ruling military junta.
The stories of Burma were always redolent with the scent of frangipani blossoms, and, you know, these incredibly gauzy memories about life in the aftermath of British colonialism, which weren't ... political stories. But they were stories about this just incredibly romantic way of life. My grandmother would talk about having bananas at teatime and carrying palm fronds when the monsoon rains came, and I accepted all of those stories because they were like poetry. But they weren't grounded in any particular reality, and they didn't answer the fundamental question, which was, "If life in Burma was so good, why did we leave?"
On fact-checking their family's history
As I did the research talking to people in my family — namely my grandmother, who had the greatest wealth of stories — I also started cross-referencing some of the things they were telling me about with historical documents, which is not what we often do in the realm of family histories. And then, of course, I traveled to Burma. I went to the Burmese archives, which was a comedic endeavor if ever there was one. There was nothing, really — not much of an archive.
But what I did discover is that some of these sort of petty bigotries that were made manifest in family stories tied back to a very violent and virulent strain of Burmese nationalism that I had never even considered. ... In many ways, the Burmese upper class like my grandmother turned a blind eye to Indian massacres that happened in Burma ... at the time my family lived there.
On their father's side of the family and the "White Immigrant Origin Story"
The White Immigrant Origin Story is effectively the American origin story, which is that, "We immigrants from Western Europe left the Old World, we started anew, and because of our hard work and divine providence, we made it in America." ...
For the most part, the White Immigrant Origin Story either glosses over huge parts of reality and history — or is just a lie. And in the case of my grandfather, what we knew about them was built on falsehoods. And as I went back to Luxembourg and did intense genealogical detective work to find out who this person was, I realized that they bore no resemblance to the person we thought they are. And that was important because the heroism that is a fundamental part of the White Immigrant Origin Story, I think, can be exclusionary. And what I'm trying to do in this book, I think, is to find a more inclusive narrative when we talk about America.
On finding their own community
I think we do a lot of work in this day and age focusing on the future and on the past. And we hope that somehow, we'll find something in both places. But what I realized through all of this digging through, the place where you can really find yourself is, of course, right here, and that we don't invest enough in the present. When we think of community, we think of some sort of nebulous, faraway group of people rather than the men and the women who touch our daily lives. And I realized that my people basically had been with me all along. ...
And I think as simple as that is, it's changed my worldview. It's changed the way I think of every single day. I began this book really feeling lonely and really plumbing the depths of my existential despair, but I came out of it feeling like I was part of a fabric that was pretty tightly woven.
Sam Gringlas and Melissa Gray produced and edited the audio story. Sydnee Monday adapted it for the Web.
Hope Academy has launched a new training programme and it's aimed at training Caymanians young and old to learn the trade of automotive mechanics. Dean of Students and Operation Manager at Hope Academy Micheal Myles says it's known some of Cayman's young persons won't be pursuing tertiary level education, but this programme will be available to them to help get them trained up so they can make an honest living. The programme will be available to the public and will run after school hours. Mr. Myles said “From 3 o'clock possibly until 8 o'clock at night, Hope Academy will be our base. It will be open to the community, but we will definitely be taking our students first and a major part of that is to make sure the adult learning continues.”
Mr Myles says currently some 25 to 30 students, boys and girls are currently enrolled in the programme.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
New Delhi: NASA's Mars mission is one of the most anticipated projects and has science and space aficionados waiting with bated breath for any news or updates regarding the same.
Of course, the preparations for deep space explorations aren't easy and NASA researchers are struggling to work through the obstacles, the biggest one being housing.
A place for astronauts to sleep and live is of primary importance and researchers are aware of that, which is why after much thought, they have finally come up with a solution – a house made of ice!
NASA is looking into creating inflatable igloo-like domes covered in ice for astronauts to live and work in, which will ensure them the requisite protection from extreme temperatures and high-energy radiation.
"After a day dedicated to identifying needs, goals, and constraints we rapidly assessed many crazies, out of the box ideas and finally converged on the current Ice Home design, which provides a sound engineering solution," said senior systems engineer Kevin Vipavetz, from NASA's Langley Research Centre in Virginia, Science Alert reported.
Officially called the 'Mars Ice Home', NASA's working model is an inflatable, inner-tube-like device that, when inflated fully, is covered with a thick sheet of protective ice.
Science Alert quoted the team who said that, "The Mars Ice Home design has several advantages that make it an appealing concept. It is lightweight and can be transported and deployed with simple robotics, then filled with water before the crew arrives."
"It incorporates materials extracted from Mars, and because water in the Ice Home could potentially be converted to rocket fuel for the Mars Ascent Vehicle, the structure itself doubles as a storage tank that can be refilled for the next crew."
Cosmic rays, that can penetrate the Martian atmosphere can damage cells, raising the risk of a slew of health concerns such as cancer and acute radiation sickness. This is the reason that the researchers cam up with the Ice Home concept.
Ice is hydrogen-rich and acts as a protective shield against harmful rays, making it a great cover to prevent them from smacking into the astronauts.
Scientists even released an illustration explaining the structure of the ice dome. Check it out below:
"The materials that make up the Ice Home will have to withstand many years of use in the harsh Martian environment, including ultraviolet radiation, charged-particle radiation, possibly some atomic oxygen, perchlorates, as well as dust storms – although not as fierce as in the movie The Martian," explains researcher Sheila Ann Thibeault, also from the Langley Research Centre, as per Science Alert.
Science Alert further reported that besides offering protection from the harsh environmental realities of Mars, the Ice Home would be super light compared to other settlement ideas that involve constructing buildings here on Earth before shooting them off to the Red Planet.
"After months of travel in space, when you first arrive at Mars and your new home is ready for you to move in, it will be a great day," explains team member Kevin Kempton.
Without the inflatable habitat, which the team says can inflate and cover itself with ice extracted from the Martian landscape in about 400 Earth days, researchers would have to likely find a way to get heavy drilling and digging machines on Mars to create underground shelters before astronauts got there, a concept that would be far too complicated and cost way too much money.
Market Research Future (MRFR) announces the publication of its research report – Global Medical Morphine Market, with expected to register a CAGR of 7.5% during the Forecast Period of 2018–2023
Medical Morphine Market Scenario:
The medical morphine market is expected to register a CAGR of 7.5% during the forecast period of 2018–2023. The global medical morphine market is majorly driven by the increasing prescription of painkillers for different illnesses such as arthritis, cardiovascular disorders and cancer, growing older population leading to the rising patient population, and growing penetration by market players.
Get Exclusive Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6084
For instance, according to the American Heart Association, in 2014, one in every three deaths in the U.S. was due to cardiovascular disorders. Similarly, cardiovascular disorders had claimed over 801,000 lives in 2014 in the U.S. Additionally, the increasing use of painkillers to relieve pain in postoperative surgeries is likely to drive the growth of the morphine market globally. However, addiction to morphine leading to drug abuse is likely to hamper the growth of the market. Likely the limited regulatory scenario is also expected to turn as a challenge for the market.
Medical Morphine Market Segmentation:
The global medical morphine market has been segmented by route of administration, application, distribution channel, end-user, and region. Further, the market by route of administration is segmented into oral and injectables. Based on application, the market is segmented into arthritis, cancer, myocardial infarction, kidney stones, diarrhea, and others. With reference to distribution channel, the market is segmented into hospital pharmacy, retail pharmacy, online pharmacy, and others. On account of end-user, the market is segmented into hospitals and clinics, home care, and ambulatory surgical centers. Based on region the market is segmented into Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa. The American region is segmented into North America and South America. Similarly, Europe is segmented into Western Europe and Eastern Europe.
Medical Morphine Regional Market Summary:
Americas held the largest share of the medical morphine market in 2017. The increasing prevalence of arthritis and other inflammatory disorders and rising more elderly population are likely to enhance the growth of the medical morphine market in the American region. Additionally, factors such as prescription of painkillers, increasing government initiatives, and funding for research and development in advanced medical treatment options are likely to enhance the growth of the medical morphine market in the American region. For instance, according to the American Heart Association, in 2014, around 31% of the deaths in the U.S. were due to cardiovascular disorders. Additionally, according to CDC, around 54.4 million U.S. adults were affected by arthritis in 2015. This growth rate of cardiovascular disorders and arthritis is expected to have a direct effect on medical morphine as it helps to relieve joint pain and postsurgical pain.
Europe is the second largest market and is expected to hold a healthy share in the global medical morphine market during the forecast period, 2018–2023. The European market is expected to grow at a sturdy growth rate during the forecast period owing to the lucrative growth of the healthcare sector coupled with the increasing prevalence of arthritis.
Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market during the forecast period of 2018–2023. Factors such as the increasing prevalence of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disorders are the major drivers for the market growth. China is expected to be the fastest growing country due to increasing population, eventually rising patient population and the availability of new treatment methods. Moreover, rising healthcare expenditure in the region is driving the growth of the medical morphine market in the Asia Pacific region.
The Middle East and Africa is expected to show the least growth in the market due to some major factors such as lack of awareness and limited access and availability of treatment facilities. In the Middle East, the United Arab Emirates is the largest market owing to the development of the healthcare industry and rising availability of specialty care centers.
Premium Sample Report Available @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/medical-morphine-market-6084
Market Segmentation & Key players
Medical Morphine Market, by Route of Administration
Oral
Injectables
Others
Medical Morphine Market, by Application
Arthritis
Cancer
Myocardial infarction
Kidney stones
Diarrhea
Others
Medical Morphine Market, by Distribution Channel
Hospital Pharmacy
Retail Pharmacy
Online Pharmacy
Others
Medical Morphine Market, by End-User
Hospitals & Clinics
Ambulatory Surgical Centers
Homecare
Others
Medical Morphine Market, by Region
North America
U.S.
Canada
South America
Europe
Western Europe
Germany
France
K.
Italy
Spain
Rest of Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Asia Pacific
Japan
China
India
Australia
Republic of Korea
Rest of Asia Pacific
Middle East and Africa
United Arab Emirates
Saudi Arabia
Oman
Kuwait
Qatar
Rest of the Middle East & Africa
Market Players
Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals
Alcaliber S.A
Purdue Pharma L.P.
Pfizer Inc.
Johnson Matthey Fine Chemicals
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
Verve Health Care Ltd.
Taj Pharmaceuticals Limited
NORTHEAST PHARM
MANUS AKTTEVA BIOPHARMA LLP
Get Your Customized Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/6084
About US:
Market Research Future (MRFR), enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
× Two Hurt in Head-on Crash in Lackawanna County
TAYLOR — Two people were hurt in a crash in Lackawanna County.
A car and SUV collided head-on at the intersection of Union and Harrison Streets in Taylor late Sunday night.
Crews had to free the driver of the car.
Both drivers were rushed to the hospital.
Investigators haven't said what caused the crash, or if any charges will be filed in Lackawanna County.
Cabinet approves establishment of Telecommunications Agency
DPI, GUYANA, Friday, October 6, 2017
Cabinet has approved the establishment of the Guyana Telecommunications Agency and the commencement of the Telecommunication Act 2016.
The Agency will be responsible for a number of essential administrative and organisational activities which will include: staffing of the agency, finalisation of licensing procedures in preparation for liberalisation, and issuance of new licenses to Telecommunication entities.
This was disclosed by Minister of State, Joseph Harmon at a Post-Cabinet press briefing on Friday held at the Ministry of the Presidency.
The establishment of the Agency is the first of two phases in the implementation of the Telecommunications Act 2016. The execution of phase one commenced from October 1 and will run until December 31, and involves the formation of the Agency as a corporate body in accordance with the Act.
Minister Harmon stated that at the end of this phase, the Agency is expected to be in a position to absorb the functions of the National Frequency Management Unit (NFMU) and have the capacity to deal with the additional regulatory functions mandated by the Act.
By: Gabreila Patram
New Delhi: With 2020 just 2 years away, the space circuit is buzzing in anticipation of NASA's Mars 2020 mission.
With the American space agency unveiling information at every stage and giving us a glimpse into the preparations of the mission, it just gets more intriguing by the minute.
After revealing the features of the unmanned rover, NASA has revealed how it plans to bring back Martian samples to Earth for the first time with the help of its next rover mission to the Red Planet, Mars 2020.
After landing on Mars, a drill will capture rock cores, while a caching system with a miniature robotic arm will seal up these samples. Then, they will be deposited on the Martian surface for possible pickup by a future mission, NASA said.
"Whether life ever existed beyond Earth is one of the grand questions humans seek to answer," said Ken Farley of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California.
"What we learn from the samples collected during this mission has the potential to address whether we're alone in the universe," Farley said.
Mars 2020 relies heavily on the system designs and spare hardware previously created for Mars Science Laboratory's Curiosity rover, which landed in 2012.
Despite its similarities to Mars Science Laboratory, the new mission has very different goals - it will seek signs of ancient life by studying the terrain that is now inhospitable, but once held flowing rivers and lakes, more than 3.5 billion years ago.
To achieve these new goals, the rover has a suite of cutting-edge science instruments.
It will seek out biosignatures on a microbial scale.
An X-ray spectrometer will target spots as small as a grain of table salt, while an ultraviolet laser will detect the "glow" from excited rings of carbon atoms.
A ground-penetrating radar will look under the surface of Mars, mapping layers of rock, water and ice up to 10 metres deep, depending on the material.
The rover is getting some upgraded Curiosity hardware, including colour cameras, a zoom lens and a laser that can vaporise rocks and soil to analyse their chemistry, NASA said.
The mission will also undertake a marathon sample hunt.
The rover team will try to drill at least 20 rock cores, and possibly as many as 30 or 40, for possible future return to Earth, NASA said.
Site selection has been another milestone for the mission. In February, the science community narrowed the list of potential landing sites from eight to three.
All three sites have rich geology and may potentially harbour signs of past microbial life. But a final landing site decision is still more than a year away.
"In the coming years, the 2020 science team will be weighing the advantages and disadvantages of each of these sites," Farley said.
"It is by far the most important decision we have ahead of us," Farley said.
The mission is set to launch in July/August 2020.
(With IANS inputs)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An England fan cheated death when they fell from a fifth floor balcony in Magaluf just hours after the Three Lion's World Cup win over Colombia.
The 18-year-old had been partying with pals when they plunged 75-foot from the four-star Flamboyan Caribe Hotel, in Magaluf, Spain, in the early hours of this morning.
More than a thousand Brits had packed into bars in the party resort's Punta Ballena strip to watch England triumph in a nail-biting last 16 game.
The unnamed holidaymaker is thought to have fallen from a window in a hotel corridor.
A worker at a kebab takeaway alerted the authorities.
(Image: SOLARPIX.COM)
Sources said they were “serious but conscious” when they were taken to Son Espases Hospital in the island capital Majorca.
Local reports said the group they were with - their girlfriend and other friends - had followed the ambulance that took them away in a taxi.
Civil Guard investigators are now investigating the cause of the fall so they can rule out any foul play.
Nobody from the hospital was available for comment this morning.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Two Brits have already died in falls in Magaluf this year.
On June 3, Welshman Tom Hughes, 20, passed away after plunging to the ground at the Eden Roc apartments.
 They are thought to have mistaken the complex for the hotel they were staying in.
And in April, bar worker Natalie Cormack, from Scotland, died at the same block of flats.
They had been trying to edge their way along an overhang around a locked entrance door after they discovered they didn't have keys to get in.
They plunged the equivalent of seven floors.
A glass panel has since been erected at the spot where they died in a bid to avoid a fresh tragedy.
On Monday night, a 28-year-old Brit was seriously injured after plunging from the second-floor of their guesthouse in the party resort of San Antonio, in on the neighbouring island of Ibiza.
It later emerged they jumped from their room terrace after opening the door to police who wanted to question them about a hit-and-run car crash they were suspected of involvement in on Sunday.
A woman in a car hit by another vehicle that failed to stop suffered whiplash in the accident near San Rafael Tunnel.
The unnamed Brit is expected to be questioned by police in hospital about the crash once they are well enough.
Intel today has announced their new Pentium Silver and Celeron processor line-up powered by their Gemini Lake microarchitecture.Gemini Lake is the successor to the Goldmont-based Apollo Lake family. Gemini Lake is for low-cost PCs / nettop-like devices. The products coming out today are as the Intel Pentium Silver processors N5000 for mobile and J5005 for desktop. The new Celeron parts are the N4100 and N4000 for mobile and J4105 and J4005 for desktop.The Celeron J400S is a dual-core design up to 2.7GHz while the Celeron J410S and Pentium Silver CPUs are native quad-core CPUs without Hyper Threading. These Gemini Lake chips support dual-channel DDR4-2400 memory and have onboard UHD Graphics 605.More details on these new entry-level, low-power Intel chips at Intel.com
Penny Arcade is an American performance artist, actor, and playwright based in New York City.
PENNY Arcade has been the queen of New York's underground from the age of 17, when they became a member of John Vaccaro's Playhouse of the Ridiculous, and 50 years later they are visiting the Byron Shire.
Ms Arcade has an impressive artistic background.
In 1969 they starred in the Jackie Curtis play Femme Fatale at La MaMa Etc with Curtis, Mary Woronov, Jayne County and Patti Smith, followed by a small role in the Paul Morrisey / Andy Warhol film, Women in Revolt.
In 1970 Arcade was featured in their first interview in Rags Magazine, an alternative fashion magazine.
Returning to New York in 1981, they worked with underground theatre artists including Jack Smith, Charles Ludlam and the Angels of Light.
They co-starred with Quentin Crisp in the long-running performance/interview piece, The Last Will and Testament of Quentin Crisp.
In the spring of 1982, they improvised their first performance piece in Tinsel Town Tirade at Theater for The New City, receiving their first writer's credit.
In the late 1980s, they created a character named Margo Howard-Howard, a 50-year-old drag queen with a scandalous past, for their performances.
The New York Times refers to the character as "patently unbelievable", but in a later article acknowledges that their monologue was "based on real Lower East Side residents."
Them life
Penny Arcade, 67, was born Susana Ventura in New Britain, Connecticut, and grew up in a working class Italian immigrant family.
Them mother was abusive and their father was mentally ill.
At age 13 they ran away from home and spent a summer homeless in Provincetown.
They were sent to Sacred Heart Academy for Wayward Girls, a reform school, where they were released at age 16.
With money stolen from a sandwich shop where they worked, they left for New York City, where they changed their name to Penny Arcade after an LSD trip.
Jamie Andrews of MainMan management company rescued them off the streets.
Penny Arcade has been married three times, although they refer to the first two marriages as adoptions.
Them third marriage in 1998 was to singer-writer-composer Chris Rael.
It was an artistic collaboration that included happy, romantic, and domestic components.
They lived together until January 2008.
Longin Lasts Longer is their new award-winning show, the thought-provoking and subversively funny turns contemporary stand-up on its head in an outrageous blend of satire, memoir and comedy.
At the Brunswick Picture House this Sunday from 4pm.
April 3 Autobank AG:
* Conversion of supplementary capital
* Will enter with an investor into contribution in kind and transfer agreement on contribution of a loan in the amount of 1,000,000.50 euros ($1.07 million)
* In return, the investor is to receive 666,667 new shares of autobank ag for the price of 1.50 euros per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9388 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
When 15-year-old Austin Eggleston was placed on a heart transplant list nearly five months ago, their doctor made them a deal.Dr. Phillip Thrush promised Austin - a die-hard Star Wars fan from Pontiac, Illinois - that when a heart became available, they would deliver the good news wearing a Chewbacca costume.Dr. Thrush made good on their promise on Saturday, and the heartwarming moment was captured on video in Austin's room at Lurie Children's Hospital in Chicago."We got a heart? Do we seriously have a heart?" Austin asks before high-fiving and hugging the pediatric cardiologist-turned-Wookie warrior.Austin's family said Monday they have already received the new heart and is still recovering from the transplant surgery.
POLK TOWNSHIP — Members of a veterans rehabilitation clinic are asking the community to help after a service dog ran away.
Dora, a black lab, ran off from VALOR, a veterans clinic near Brodheadsville, on Friday.
“The community is really doing what they can and the house itself. We all want Dora home. We really do,” said Michelle Goyette.
Goyette is the house manager. They tell Newswatch 16 Dora ran off when a resident accidently let them out.
The service dog belongs to resident, Rich Serfass. He's been actively looking for them ever since.
“I've just been going places where she's been spotted and sitting for a while. I figured I can get them I've been feeding them and taking care of her, so they know me,” said Serfass.
A lot of Dora sightings have been along Jonas Road, the most recent was right in front of Trexler Scout Reservation. Rangers are doing all they can to help bring them home.
Don Freidhoff is a ranger at the reservation. They tell Newswatch 16 he's been leaving food out for Dora.
The pup has only been with the clinic since last week, so he's hoping they find their way back.
“There are a lot of people out looking for her, so of course it's going to be important for everyone to get them back to these guys,” said Freidhoff.
“If you can get them in your car, great. Try not to chase them too far. It's a sticky situation because you don't want to scare them off, but you want to rescue her,” said Goyette.
The clinic has posted fliers all over social media. If you see her, don't hesitate to call VALOR. For more information, click here.
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Hall of Fame Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski is stepping away from the team to have lower back surgery.
The school announced Monday that the procedure is scheduled for Friday, with an anticipated recovery time of four weeks.
Krzyzewski will coach Wednesday night's game against Georgia Tech before handing off to associate head coach Jeff Capel for Saturday's home game against Boston College.
Krzyzewski, 69, will have a fragment of a herniated disk removed at Duke University Hospital. The school says Krzyzewski tried several treatment options during the past month before deciding on surgery.
Advertisement
Krzyzewski said in a statement that they consulted with the university's medical team and “together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time.” They say the Blue Devils will “be in the capable hands” of Capel and assistants Nate James and Jon Scheyer.
“As soon as the doctors clear me to do so, I look forward to returning and giving our team 100 (percent) of my energy and attention, which is certainly something that they deserve,” they said.
The winningest men's coach in Division I history had four surgeries during the offseason to replace their left knee, repair their left ankle and fix a hernia. They squeezed those procedures into a busy summer in which they also led the U.S. Olympic team to the gold medal in Rio de Janeiro.
“To be sure, the entire Duke community is supportive and eager to get Mike back as soon as possible,” Duke athletic director Kevin White said. “His health is paramount, and they will get the best possible care in the world by the Duke medical team. With the proper recovery time, we look forward to Mike doing what they do best — leading and teaching — very soon.”
Capel — a former Duke guard who went 175-110 in nine years coaching at Virginia Commonwealth and Oklahoma — previously took over for Krzyzewski when they missed a trip to Georgia Tech last February because of dehydration and high blood pressure.
That victory in Atlanta marked the first time Krzyzewski did not travel with their team since the 1994-95 season, when they missed the final 19 games due to back surgery and exhaustion. Those Blue Devils went 4-15 during that span and became the last Duke team to miss the NCAA Tournament.
Monday's announcement marks the latest twist in an already drama-filled season for a team voted No. 1 in the preseason on the strength of a lineup led by preseason AP All-American guard Grayson Allen and four immediate-impact freshmen.
On Saturday, the Blue Devils (12-2) were routed at Virginia Tech in the first game of Allen's indefinite suspension for tripping yet another opponent . And those freshmen — Harry Giles, Jayson Tatum, Marques Bolden and Frank Jackson — have played in the same game only three times because of various injuries.
The Blue Devils dropped three spots to No. 8 — their lowest ranking of the season — in the AP Top 25 released Monday .
___
This story has been corrected to show that Krzyzewski, not Capel, will coach Wednesday night's game, which is against Georgia Tech, not Boston College.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Today, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced an adult smoking cessation education campaign aimed at encouraging cigarette smokers to quit through messages of support that underscore the health benefits of quitting.
These messages will be displayed in and around gas stations and convenience stores – retail locations where smokers face a multitude of triggers and that typically feature cigarette advertisements.
“Every Try Counts seeks to celebrate each quit attempt as a positive step toward success,” said Mitch Zeller, director of the Center for Tobacco Products with the FDA. “That's because research shows those who have tried quitting before are more likely to try again and those who have tried to quit multiple times have a higher likelihood of quitting for good.”
The idea behind Every Try Counts is to put messaging encouraging trying to quit at the same places where smoking products are sold to counteract some of the potential effects that can cause those who are trying to quit to start again.
“We have come up with encouraging and empowering messages, such as, ‘You didn't fail at quitting, you just haven't finished the process,' and ‘If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try, try again,' ” said Zeller.
Studies have shown that cigarette advertising at convenience stores and gas stations can trigger unplanned cigarette purchases.
“According to the Federal Trade Commission, tobacco companies spent more than $8 billion on advertising and promotional expenditures in 2015,” said Zeller. “Industry data suggests that 86 percent of total cigarette sales occur at convenience stores. The campaign ads that we're announcing today will be placed in various locations at the point of sale, including at the gas pump and other places around the retail environment, such as the front door, the cash register and the shelves.”
In addition to the ads in tobacco retail settings, there will also be print, digital, radio and out of home ads, such as billboards. The campaign will launch in 35 markets in January. There will also be a brand-new website at everytrycounts.gov to help smokers with further resources to help with quitting.
Speech to Text for Shelburn Firehouse Bid
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
they say they're looking to build a new firehouse. that's because the current one is outdated. the township has been approved for 200 thousand dollars to build a new firehouse. but only one bid came in for the project -- and it was more than 700 thousand dollars. at this point-- the township doesn't think it will change the plans it has in mind for the firehouse. the township looks to start bidding out the project again next week. [b13]x consumer alert-vo today is known as "terrible tuesday" according to triple "a".
Spurr is out with a knee problem.
Spurr is out with a knee problem. Picture: Getty Images
Fremantle veteran Lee Spurr will face a delayed start to the season, listed as four to six weeks away with a knee injury.
The 30-year-old played for the Dockers in their pre-season win over West Coast in Joondalup, but was not on the track at training today.
An injury update on the club's website this afternoon revealed the length of time they would be out of action for more than a month.
Bradley Hill is a chance to line up against Port Adelaide on Saturday, listed as a ‘test' after sustaining a quad strain earlier this month.
First-round draft picks Griffin Logue (foot) and Michael Apeness (adductor) were also listed as tests.
Stephen Hill remains at least one week away from returning from a calf injury, while no timeframe has been given on Harley Bennell's availability.
It was one of the highest rated reboots in TV history, but it was just canceled.
ABC announced Tuesday afternoon that they were canceling Roseanne. The series revival, which premiered earlier this year, was scheduled to run for at least one more season (2018-2019).
The network's decision comes after Roseanne Barr went on a Twitter tirade on Tuesday morning (May 29). Barr described Valerie Jarrett (an advisor to the Obama administration) as a combination of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes. Barr went on to say that "Muslims r NOT a race" in a follow-up tweet.
The original tweets have since been deleted, and Roseanne later wrote that they apologized by saying that their joke was in "bad taste."
In a statement that was just issued, ABC called the comedian's original tweets "abhorrent."
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show," ABC's president Channing Dungey said.
The series revival had record ratings. The premiere episode (which aired on March 27) had more than 18 million viewers.
Trump, who has been at their New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But they will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for their initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which they blamed bigotry on “many sides.”
TORONTO — An overnight fire at an east Toronto school playground has sparked an arson investigation.
Emergency crews were called to Norman Ingram Public School shortly before 2 a.m. for reports of a fire.
Police say a play structure was destroyed by the flames.
They are asking anyone who saw or heard suspicious activity around that time to come forward.
© Creators Syndicate 2017
President Trump has exacerbated the skepticism amongst hardline conservatives with polarizing language (and tweets) about the mainstream media being "fake news.
More than two-thirds (65%) say fake news is usually reported because "people have an agenda."
Roughly one-third (30%) believe such information is shared due to laziness or "poor fact-checking."
Hardly anyone (3%) thinks that fake news makes headlines by accident.
More than half of Democrats (57%) say they use Google search to verify facts compared to 48% of Republicans and 55% of independents.
Nearly half of Democrats (43%) say they use a fact-checking website (e.g. FactCheck.org or Snopes.com) to verify facts compared to 30% of Republicans and 29% of independents.
Nearly half of Democrats (44%) say they check a website URL to verify its validity compared to 29% of Republicans and 36% of independents.
Nearly all Republicans and Republican-leaning independents (92%) say that traditional news outlets knowingly report false or misleading stories at least sometimes, according to a new Axios/ SurveyMonkey poll. Democrats and non-leaning independents also feel this way, but not nearly to the same extent.The data shows thatwith Republicans more skeptical of mainstream media than their Democratic and Independent counterparts. Other studies from Gallup and Pew Research Center have drawn similar conclusions.Across the board, trust in traditional news outlets continues to sink, with the overwhelming majority of Americans (70%) saying that "traditional major news sources report news they know to be fake, false, or purposely misleading."Among those that think traditional news outlets report false news,. And while Republicans are much less likely to trust that traditional news sources publish real news, they and Democrats are both mostly confident,When it comes to vetting news sources, roughly half of both parties say they, "stick to news sources they trust." However,according to survey responses.Go Deeper: A breakdown of which outlets Republicans and Democrats view as biased and unbiased from the Neiman Lab.This SurveyMonkey /Axios online poll was conducted June 15-19, 2018 among a total sample of 3,936 adults, selected from the nearly 3 million people who take surveys on the SurveyMonkey platform each day. The modeled error estimate for the full sample is plus or minus 2.5 percentage points. The full breakdown by demographics is located here
HONOLULU (AP) — A fireworks explosion at a large New Year's Day gathering on the Hawaiian island of Oahu has left one woman dead and a man critically injured, authorities said.
Police said the pair had been lighting illegal fireworks at the gathering when the explosion happened.
Emergency personnel arrived just after midnight Sunday at the Campbell Industrial Park in Kapolei to find the two victims injured. The 38-year-old woman was taken to a hospital in critical condition and died from their injuries. The 36-year-old man remains in critical condition.
Police have opened an unattended death and prohibited explosive device investigation, but no one has been arrested or cited.
Honolulu's Emergency Medical Services said the woman's death was among dozens of other fireworks-related incidents over the weekend. The agency responded to 28 calls within the first hour of 2017.
Fire Capt. Kevin Mokulehua said the Honolulu Fire Department also had a busy weekend.
“The Honolulu Fire Department responded to 19 fireworks-related incidents which doubled last year's incident totals,” said Mokulehua. “Most of the incidents were wildland fires, some structure fires and other miscellaneous fires.”
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Golden Knights coach Gerard Gallant for months talked about their team's hard work, ability to battle and their devotion to playing a full "200 feet of hockey."
In pockets of Game 2 in the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday night, the Golden Knights were surprisingly outworked, outbattled and outhustled in losing 3-2 to the Washington Capitals. Game 3 is Saturday night in Washington and Vegas is going to need to up the energy level even further in a frantic series with scoring chances galore.
Vegas outshot the Capitals 39-26, but the hustle stats in Game 2 went to Washington, which handed the expansion club just its second home loss of the postseason. Washington had 18 blocked shots to eight for Vegas, helping goaltender Braden Holtby turn things around. They allowed five goals in the opener but was sublime in Game 2 as they made 37 saves - none bigger than stopping Alex Tuch with the paddle of their stick in a sprawling move with just 1:59 left.
Washington also showed its mettle on the penalty kill, limiting the Golden Knights to a single goal in four attempts - including a 5-on-3 on the third period.
"You've got to try and capitalize on those," Vegas defenseman Luca Sbisa said. "It's just one of those games, even at the end, with Tuchy having that chance. Most of the times it goes in. It's just one of those games."
And while Washington outhit the Golden Knights, 46-39, it was some of Vegas' bigger hits that ignited the Capitals in the second period.
Vegas defenseman Brayden McNabb hammered Washington's first-line forward Evgeny Kuznetsov, sending them to the dressing room with a little more than five minutes left in the first period. They didn't return.
Washington coach Barry Trotz didn't provide an update on their star afterward, but said it was the key moment in the game for their team.
"It galvanized us as a group, I think it might be a turning point for us," Trotz said.
With Kuznetsov out, Trotz added Nicklas Backstrom to their top line with Alex Ovechkin and Tom Wilson. And 5:38 into the second period, with the game tied at 1-all and the Capitals on a power play, Ovechkin scored their first career Stanley Cup Final goal to give the Capitals the lead.
"I think they got energy from that, I think they were pissed off, that's how sports go," Vegas forward Erik Haula said. "You see one of your best players go down and you're pissed off, that's part of it. It's no excuse for us. Bottom line is we were right in that game I think, it was right there for us to grab, we just came short."
Vegas unraveled and gave up more uncharacteristic chances in front of Marc-Andre Fleury, who has yet to lose consecutive games this postseason. The Golden Knights also had 12 turnovers compared to Washington's four.
"We shot ourselves in the foot a few times with some turnovers," Golden Knights defenseman Nate Schmidt said. "At the end of the day you really have got to see where your game is at. If you look at it as a whole, we played really well for parts of the first period and we got caught up in the transition game in the second period - and that's not the game we want to play."
Instead, Washington fed off the momentum and dictated the tempo, and a little less than four minutes after Ovechkin scored, Brooks Orpik broke a 220-game goal drought with the eventual game winner. It was their first goal since Feb. 26, 2016.
"I haven't yelled that loud for someone to score a goal since Ovi scored one of their milestones," Washington forward T.J. Oshie said.
Though the Golden Knights outshot Washington 15-6 in the third period, the Capitals skated faster, competed better, worked harder and played smarter to steal home-ice advantage with their first-ever Final win. The Capitals return to Capital One Arena, where they have just a 4-5 record in the postseason. Vegas is 6-2 on the road in the playoffs.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Jonah Bolden poses with former team executive Bryan Colangelo (right) and co-managing owner Josh Harris during a news conference following the 2017 draft. Bolden is likely to join the Sixers in Vegas for summer league.
All signs point toward Jonah Bolden joining the 76ers for the NBA summer league in Las Vegas.
A source confirmed that the Sixers, through the NBA, submitted a letter of clearance to FIBA to allow Maccabi Tel Aviv forward Jonah Bolden to join their summer-league team. International reporter David Pick first reported the news.
The Sixers hold Bolden's NBA rights after selecting them in the second round of the 2017 NBA draft. In this particular case, the letter is just a formality. However, the team won't list them on the roster until it gets the clearance.
The summer league starts Friday and runs through July 17 at UNLV's Thomas & Mack Center.
>>READ MORE: Sixers' rookies Smith and Shamet are tuning out free-agency news at summer league
Former Sixers team president of basketball operations Bryan Colangelo revealed on May 11 that Bolden is likely to join the Sixers for the 2018-19 season.
Lack of a roster spot was the main reason the 6-foot-10 athletic power forward didn't join the Sixers this season after being selected 36th overall.
So Bolden signed a three-year contract on July 21, 2017 with Maccabi Tel Aviv, which plays in the Israeli Premier League and EuroLeague. They averaged 6.9 points, 5.5 rebounds, 1.6 assists, 1.2 steals and 21.1 minutes in 29 EuroLeague games, with 28 starts. Bolden shot 31.9 percent on three-pointers.
The Australian has an NBA-out clause in their contract that will allow them to join the Sixers next season. Colangelo called them a modern day big man.
“Can step out and shoot a three,” Colangelo said. “His shooting numbers have gone down a little bit this year. But that we don't believe is an indication of who they are as a player or a shooter. He's a grab-and-go guy.
“He can rebound the ball very well instinctively. Can handle it in transition, make good decisions. You don't want to put them in that situation every day, but he's a grab-and-go guy that can move the basketball.”
The 22-year-old averaged 8.8 points, 6.3 rebounds, 1.9 steals and 1.4 blocks in 23.4 minutes per game with Sixers 2017 summer-league team. They played one year of college ball at UCLA.
>>READ MORE: Zhaire Smith signs contract, officially joins Sixers' roster
Bolden has displayed the athleticism needed to contribute in the Sixers' up-tempo style of play over the summer. Although their shooting was inconsistent, they had the shooting range needed to effectively space the floor. And Bolden showcased stellar shot-blocking and pass-deflection skills the team craves.
>>READ MORE: Wilson Chandler trade is where The Process meets The Reality
SIMCOE -
The matter of new recreation infrastructure in Norfolk was handed off to county staff this week in anticipation of a critical council meeting January 30.
Monday afternoon, Norfolk's recreation advisory committee gathered for a final time to tie up loose ends and look after house-keeping matters.
Bill Cridland, Norfolk's general manager of community services, was asked to prepare a report for the Jan. 30 meeting suggesting possible next steps.
At a minimum, the report will outline which issues Cridland's department can handle internally and which issues might be delegated to a consultant.
“We need to keep this going while the interest is there and the momentum is there,” Windham Coun. Jim Oliver, chair of the committee, said at the Simcoe Recreation Centre.
Jan. 30 is the best council can do because Tuesday's council meeting is the last of 2017.
Council wants to clear the deck for a thorough discussion of the subcommittee's recommendations but that won't be possible this week. The 646-page agenda for this week's council meeting is the largest in recent memory and as thick as a phone book. Once Tuesday's meeting is over, council doesn't meet again till Jan. 9.
Come the new year, plenty of business will have backed up to make for a busy January. In the third week of January, council will spend three days or more crafting its 2018 levy-supported operating budget.
Council expects to field a lot of input Jan. 30. Efforts to get on the agenda of Tuesday's meeting to speak about recreation suggest there could be a dozen deputations or more.
“It makes sense to do this on Jan. 30th when we deal with the actual recommendations,” says Norfolk Mayor Charlie Luke.
At its meeting Nov. 30, the recreation subcommittee approved several recommendations that promise to have a big impact on Norfolk's recreational future.
These include construction of a new aquatic facility in Simcoe, repairs to Talbot Gardens if it can be twinned with a second ice pad, a new venue for the Simcoe Seniors Centre, and construction of a community gymnasium with basketball courts, volleyball courts, indoor walking track and indoor tennis courts among other amenities.
The county has embarked on this exercise because recreation infrastructure in Simcoe is aging. Meanwhile, the long-term recreation budget contains about $13 million in expenditures in Simcoe over the next several years.
The question this process was designed to answer – one that featured six well-attended public meetings this fall – is whether Norfolk should repair what it has or devote these millions to something new.
Wild cards include the availability of land. Staff has suggested that Norfolk needs about 25 acres to fulfil its wish list. Public and private parcels are available which could fill the bill.
At Monday's meeting, Oliver said council must remain open to the possibility of property owners stepping forward to facilitate these projects.
“Who knows who in the community might step forward to get involved?” they said.
MSonnenberg@postmedia.com
The most elaborate costumes we spotted at Comicon
The most elaborate costumes we spotted at Comicon
While most of the city was guzzling green beer this weekend, thousands of hardcore gamers and devoted comic lovers congregated at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre for Comicon. In addition to browsing rare memorabilia and meeting celebrities like Joonas Viljami Suotamo (the Finnish actor who recently took over the role of Chewbacca) and Kristian Nairn (Hodor from Game of Thrones), visitors also partook in the time-honoured tradition of showing off their painstakingly assembled costumes. Here are 22 of the most eye-catching looks.
Doug Dowdy
50, engineer
Who are you dressed as? Saltire, the immortal Scottish guardian
How much did your costume cost? Approximately $200
“When I was at Comicon a couple years back, Diamondsteel Comics introduced me to the character. He's basically a combination of the best traits from the greatest warriors of the 12 regions of Scotland. I immediately went home and started working on the costume. It took a lot longer than it should have, because I wasn't on speaking terms with my sewing machine at the time. But it's still one of my least expensive costumes. I have one that's more than $1,000.”
Tannis Doust
30, Teaching assistant
Who are you dressed as? Harley Quinn, from Suicide Squad
How much did your costume cost? $50
“A a feminist, I love how much agency they gave them in the movie and how they make decisions for herself. I made the shorts and they bought the rest of the costume.”
Kara Mancuso
20s, Student
Who are you dressed as? Silk Spectre 2, from Watchmen
How much did your costume cost? $60
“I chose the character because I look a lot like them and love dressing up as superheroes. I'm very awkward in real life, so when I dress up I feel powerful. I bought this from a costume store but tailored it to fit better.”
Nicole Tetlock
30, retail worker
Who are you dressed as? Mercy, from Overwatch
How much did your costume cost? $60
“She's a strong, independent woman, and I think we need more of those in video games. The lab coat is store-bought, but I customized it with patches and made the staff. It took two weeks of non-stop work.”
Vlad Tokarenko
28, grocery store clerk
Who are you dressed as? Soldier 76, from Overwatch
How much did your costume cost? Under $200
“This character is my ‘main,' meaning it's who I always play with in the game. Their play style is pretty much the typical shooter guy. They always have their gun out. I bought the costume online.”
Kaili Haddock
22, law firm assistant
What are you wearing? A Lolita-style dress
How much did your costume cost? $80
“I'm wearing Lolita fashion. It's a look that originated in Harajuku, Japan, in the 1990s. It's a mix of Rococo and Victorian fashions, with a cutesy urban Japan look. Today I'm wearing a collab between Disney and a Japanese company that creates Lolita dresses. It's got Duchess from The Aristocats on it. I love wearing Lolita to Comicons because the atmosphere is very geeky and creative. It's a great way to express myself.”
Chris Van and Tesha Deosamy
26, Sales manager; 24, Chef
Who are you dressed as? Guts and Casca, from Berserk
How much did your costume cost? $250 each
Van: “Guts is a badass character who I relate to a lot. The costume took me about four months. I'd work on it every day after work, sometimes staying up until like 2 a.m.”
Deosamy: “I chose the character because I look very similar to them The costumes took a lot of sewing, foam work and worbla.”
Stephen Quammie
New media designer
Who are you dressed as? Vision, from The Avengers
How much did your costume cost? $320
“I like doing characters that don't get a lot of attention. You know the main guys, but what about the guy to the left? Vision is more human than most of the characters, even though he's not actually human. They try to understand and take their time to learn things. I like that about him. I bought the costume and re-painted the mask.”
Randy Paethae
28, Vet technician
Who are you dressed as? Lightning, from Final Fantasy 2
How much did your costume cost? $200
“She's a very strong character and I love them look. If it's a three-day event I usually do a different character each day. I make everything myself. This one took me about two weeks, and involved a lot of thermoplastics work.”
Chris Eyles
29, Writer
Who are you dressed as? Geralt of Rivia, from The Witcher
How much did your costume cost? $1,000
“Once I picked up the game, I fell in love with the character. Then people started saying I looked like him, so I thought, let's grow a beard and get it done. He's independent, powerful and honourable. The costume was a collaboration between a couple of people. I made the armoured parts and chain mail, then I had a friend do a lot of the sewing, since I'm terrible at that. I also had a friend 3-D print the emblem. It took a year and a half to finish.”
Jordan Stal
45, Personal trainer
Who are you dressed as? Corvo Attano, from Dishonoured
How much did your costume cost? $250
“It's a lot of fun for people to watch me be Corvo, because the character sneaks around the whole time. Corvo didn't start out this scary. They were a knight before they became a vigilante. They were accused of a murder and so they had to take a mask and cover their face. The mask alone took me six months to make, and the rest probably took a month and a half.”
Kevin Daniel
43, Entrepreneur
Who are you dressed as? Lego Superman
How much did your costume cost? “I don't keep track.”
“Everyone loves a superhero. Superman is my favourite of all time. I always go as Lego characters. I've done Lego Batman, Lego Darth Vader, and I'm working on a Lego Flash.”
Alyssa Clark
11, student
Who are you dressed as? A forest witch
“We didn't have a costume, so my aunt made this for me last minute. I like the headpiece. We come every year. My favourite part is the costume contest.”
Chloe Jung
11, student
Who are you dressed as? A forest witch
“I made the character up, and my mom and my stepdad helped me make the costume. It took about three days. I really like the skull on top the staff. I like Comicon because there are a lot of cool things to read.”
Maggie Harvey
23, Master's student
Who are you dressed as? Flaaffy, from Pokémon
How much did your costume cost? Under $75
“I previously made this dress and was looking for a character that would go with it. It took about a month to make, since I had to sew everything. I love the sleeves because there are, like, 200 beads on them.”
Randy Meecham, David Tennant, Doug Cattrell, Glenn Cruz
52, Engineer; 52, registered nurse; 48, Editor; 43, Maui Teacher and Dancer
Who are you dressed as? Marcus Brody, Henry Jones Sr., Indiana Jones and Sallah, from Indiana Jones
How much did your costume cost? A few hundred dollars each
Meechan: “I like the actor, Denholm Elliot, and I love the movie, of course. A friend sent me the linen suit and I put the rest together from vintage shops.”
Tennant: “I chose the character because I'm bald and I have the beard. This is a real 1930s suit that I bought online. We come to Comicon together to raise money for the Children's Wish Foundation.”
Catrell: “I know I don't resemble Harrison Ford, but I wanted to push the envelope of what I could do with my costume. I usually do a lot of Star Wars characters, and I'm working on one from Lord of the Rings. But Indy is definitely a fan favourite. I distressed the jacket myself. ”
Cruz: “As much as we love Indy and their dad, it's exciting to do the whole array of supporting characters. I'm good friends with all these guys. They're like brothers.”
Ken Lariviere
36, Works in shipping
Who are you dressed as? Jeff the Monster, from Scud: the Disposable Assassin
How much did your costume cost? Less than $100. “I have built up a supply of stuff.”
“He's a giant monster that absorbs everything around them and speaks in pop culture quotes. It took about a month to build on weekends. The hardest part was probably the feet, which are made from worbla.”
Heather Kennedy
29, Nurse
Who are you dressed as? Jormag, from Guild Wars 2
How much did your costume cost? $500
“My friends and I went as all of the dragons from the game. It took me about three months to make the costume. Getting the ice to sit right was really tough.”
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The United States Air Force Total Force Band performs in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 2, 2017. The USAF Total Force Band kicked off the Air Force 70th Birthday celebration playing several venues in Southern California culminating with their appearance in the 128th Rose Parade. The band is comprised of active duty and Air National Guard musicians from around the Air Force. (U.S. Air Force photo/Louis Briscese)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.02.2017 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 15:11 Photo ID: 3083224 VIRIN: 170102-F-LI975-0027 Resolution: 3000x2400 Size: 1.49 MB Location: US Web Views: 8 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [Image 1 of 12], by Louis Briscese, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
New Delhi: All issues related to the Centre's recent notification banning sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter will be addressed "seriously and honestly", Union Minister Harsh Vardhan on Thursday said.
On a day when the Supreme Court sought response from the Centre on pleas challenging the controversial notification, the Environment Minister said that the government will reach out to persons, who have a "heartburn" over this issue.
"The Supreme Court has given us time till July 11, but we will file our response before it," Vardhan said.
The ban on sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter has hit the export and trade of meat and leather.
"We have already said that whosoever has any concern related to this issue, we (Centre) will seriously and honestly address those," the minister told reporters on the sidelines of a function at the Delhi zoo.
"We will reach out to any person in India who have a heartburn on this issue," they said.
A vacation bench of the apex court comprising Justices RK Agrawal and SK Kaul issued notice to the Centre and asked it to file response within two weeks on two separate petitions challenging the notification.
It has fixed the matter for hearing on July 11.
Additional Solicitor General P S Narasimha, appearing for the Centre, told the bench that the intention behind bringing the notification was to have a regulatory regime on cattle trade across the country.
The Centre had on May 26 banned the sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter through an Environment Ministry notification -- Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules, 2017 -- under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.
One of the petitioners, Hyderabad-based Mohammed Abdul Faheem Qureshi, had in their plea, filed on June 7, contended that the notification was "against the freedom of religious practice to sacrifice animals" and imposing a ban on slaughter of animals for food violates the right to food, privacy and personal liberty guaranteed to a citizen under the Constitution.
Three men accused of trying to import ganja with intent to supply made their initial court appearance today (19 March.)
Police arrested Jamaicans Marvin Brown, Garett Rose and Andrew Forbes last week in the South Sound area.
They were charged with two counts of possession of an unlicensed firearm, illegal landing, importation of ganja and possession of ganja with intent to supply. The attorney representing them said they needed more information about the case.
The trio was remanded in custody and returns to court 27 March.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
4:08 Gamecocks soccer coach Shelley Smith looks at Florida showdown with title implications Pause
2:46 A tour through Gamecock country with Pokémon Go
2:08 Lula Drake Wine Parlour on Main Street
1:32 Sea Lion Landing at Riverbanks Zoo & Garden
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
The Oscars are the pinnacle of awards seasons and it's officially time to gear up for them. The list of nominations is out and you can print your 2018 Oscar ballot now, ahead of the March 4 show.
The 90th Academy Awards ceremony takes place inside the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, Calif., and honors the best in the movie industry from the past year. Jimmy Kimmel returns as host—and hopes to avoid another Moonlight and La La Land Best Picture mix-up.
Jason LaVeris/FilmMagic
The countdown to see who takes home an Oscar statuette is on. But who actually made the cut to become an Oscar nominee in the first place?
A few notable snubs aside (we're looking at you, Wonder Woman), frontrunners like The Shape of Water, Call Me by Your Name, Get Out, and The Post are well represented in this year's crop of nominees. And with the list finally out, you can choose for yourself who to root for during the big event.
Ahead of the sure-to-be-epic red carpet arrivals, look through the entire list of nominees and decide for yourself who you think should take home awards come March. Click here to download the full printable ballot and make your picks. We promise it's OK if you haven't seen all of them.
Watch the Oscars ceremony Sunday, March 4, at 8 p.m. ET on ABC.
According to a UN report, natural disasters in the last decade have occurred almost twice as often compared to two decades ago, with Asia being the hardest hit. The report reveals that the number of such events had gone up 14% annually between 2005 and 2015 compared to the period 1995-2014. Such findings have driven countries like UK and USA to accelerate their resilience building measures. ‘Resilience' implies preparedness and having a robust coping mechanism to deal with the damage wrought by hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other violent natural events. The United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) has even launched a campaign called Making Cities Resilient which suggests, among other things, increasing the resilience of infrastructure for crucial services including electrical power, transport, healthcare and telecommunications.
India's vulnerability to natural disasters
The UN report lists India as third among the countries hit by the highest number of weather related disasters in the past decade. The Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters in its Annual Disaster Review for 2014 also listed India among the five countries most frequently hit by natural disasters.
According to the National Cyclone Risk Mitigation Project, almost 5,700 kilometers of India's 7,500 kilometers of coastline are highly vulnerable to the impact of tropical cyclones and related meteorological hazards. Research by Verisk Maplecroft also shows that 82% of the population in India are exposed to natural hazards, compared with 50% of the population in China.
What is also disturbing is the increased vulnerability of populous Indian cities to the effects of these natural disasters, caused by growing population density, haphazard construction activities and inadequate preparedness. The recent Mumbai floods which crippled the city in August 2017, for example, were exacerbated by the city's out-of-date drainage system and unbridled construction over the city's natural nullahs, which otherwise could have effectively drained excess water. A report on World Disasters by the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC), lists Mumbai among the 10 most vulnerable cities in terms of floods and earthquakes. A survey shows that, on an average, 21 Indian cities scored between 2.5 to 4 points out of 10 on governance parameters that measure preparedness for disasters.
Regions like the North East in India are particularly susceptible to natural disturbances like earthquakes, floods and landslides. According to the National Flood Commission, Assam, for example, accounts for 9.4% of the total flood prone area in the country. The commission estimated that due to floods, Assam suffered a loss of Rs, 3,100 crores in the past five decades. The whole of Brahmaputra Valley in Assam is in fact considered one of the most hazard prone regions in the country, with more than 40% of its land (3.2 million hectares) being susceptible to flood damage.
All these point to the need for resilience building measures, particularly to protect crucial infrastructure like electrical power – one of the first casualties during a natural disaster. For example, when Hurricane Sandy struck the US East Coast in 2012, about 2,427 utility poles were toppled or broken, reportedly shutting off power to more than 8.5 million households. Back home, when Cyclone Wardah hit Chennai in December 2015, power supply was disrupted in the city and its neighbouring districts of Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur. Reports said thousands of concrete poles just collapsed and reportedly 32,000 poles had to be replaced in the three districts. Government officials were even quoted as saying that the estimated loss from uprooted poles alone was about Rs 65 crore. Inability of electricity poles (also called utility poles) to withstand strong winds contributes significantly to the disruption of power supply during such natural occurrences.
So how can critical infrastructure like electricity poles be saved during a disaster like a cyclone? One way could be to use better-suited material.
Ensuring power supply during natural contingencies
When typhoon Rammasun hit Guangdong in China, more than 70,000 concrete and metal poles collapsed. Earlier, in the aftermath of the massive Chuetsu earthquake in Japan in 2004, about 3,400 utility poles supporting communication cables were broken or toppled.
A post-event assessment revealed that many of the damaged poles were concrete. Concrete poles are comparatively difficult to repair or replace because of their weight and dependence on heavy machinery to install them. Besides, concrete has low tensile strength and often requires the use of materials like steel for reinforcement. When moisture seeps in through cracks in the concrete, the steel reinforcement rusts leading to further deterioration of the concrete pole.
There have been other instances of concrete and metal poles being completely destroyed by natural forces. In tornadoes that ripped through Florida in the late 90s for example, even 100-foot spun concrete transmission poles tested to withstand 250 mph winds, toppled. Ice storms such as the 1998 North American Ice Storm caused over a 1,000 steel towers to collapse under the accumulated weight of the ice. Some of these incidents led to the continued use of wood as a preferred material for utility poles. But environmental concerns emerged due to the use of certain chemicals for treatment of the wooden poles. Additionally, wooden poles are also vulnerable to natural disasters - in the earlier mentioned ice storm, over 30,000 wooden poles were found to have collapsed in addition to the steel ones. In the last few years, research has been conducted into the use of various other materials for utility poles even as wood, steel and concrete remained popular choices. But while all of them have their advantages, they also come with distinct disadvantages.
Concrete, for example, is strong, fire resistant and termite/rot proof, but has as previously mentioned, other disadvantages. Galvanized steel offers similar advantages as concrete, while also being lighter. However, it is also expensive, energy intensive to make, and hazardous since it conducts electricity. Wood, traditionally a popular material for utility poles, is also prone to decay and termite attacks, besides having low resistance to fire when unprotected.
All these factors have led to the development of new materials such as fibre reinforced polymer (FRP), which have proved to offer durability even during high intensity typhoons. For example, in the Rammasun typhoon mentioned earlier, a group of FRP utility poles were found to stand firm even when exposed to strong winds. These poles are made of a special kind of high-strength, high-flexibility polyurethane (PU) composite material called ‘Elastolit®' developed by BASF. The poles have a strength that is easily 10 times greater than their weight and are only 250 kg, making them easy to transport and install them virtually anywhere. They are more durable and resilient than concrete poles, can withstand severe weather conditions and can also be optimized for specific conditions.
As in the case of Guangdong in China, replacing concrete poles with these FRP poles in areas facing high exposure to natural disasters in India has the potential to reduce the disruption caused to power supply during such events. To know more about BASF's initiatives in this regard, click here.
This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of BASF and not by the Scroll editorial team.
It's World Cancer Awareness Day and today (02 February) students from Tiffany's Pre-school in West Bay spent their Friday morning raising awareness about cancer in their community
“And to people who are sick, we raised money to help them,” said little Braydan Parsons-Beckett.
Tiffany's Pre-school pupils including little Brayden took to the streets in West Bay to help spread awareness about Cancer and help raise funds, an initiative from Principal Sonia Grant supports.
“We try to help as much as we can in the community and for me, it's a personal thing because I've had help from the cancer society, my brother died from cancer, they were very supportive,” Mrs. Grant.
They say the school has been raising funds for the cancer society before they joined in 2011. Grandparent Carmalee Watson joined the walk on Friday morning They said it will help teach the kids about community service from a young age.
“I think by pushing the kids and helping the kids, raising awareness, it teaches them that it's a great role to get involved in the community as they grow up,” said Mrs. Watson.
The students carried signs with them urging people to quit smoking and live a healthier lifestyle and of course make a donation.
“We brought money for the cancer people,” said a pupil.
In 2017 The Cayman Islands Cancer Society spent over $400,000 on medical treatment for those diagnosed with Cancer. Operations Manager Jen Weber said it's fundraisers like the walk that helps save lives.
“So it doesn't matter how much it is, all that money goes into the big pot that helps us, you know we have children come in sometimes and they say “oh, I have a lemonade stall and I raised $1.25,” that is an important dollar 25, you know the 25 cents buys the stamp that helps us send a get well card to somebody who's sick,” said Mrs. Weber.
The Cayman Islands Cancer Society has declared February Cancer awareness month in commemoration of World Cancer Day which is celebrated globally on 4 February.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Los Angeles police are searching the car of a television producer charged with killing their deaf and partially blind sister three years ago.
Police tell the Los Angeles Daily News that an LAPD detective was in New Jersey on Tuesday to examine Jill Blackstone's white Lexus.
Them attorney says Blackstone allowed police access to the car through relatives in New Jersey.
Blackstone, a producer for "The Jerry Springer Show" and other programs, is charged with killing their sister in 2015 in Studio City along with two pet dogs.
Prosecutors contend that they drugged Wendy Blackstone and left them and the dogs in a garage with an active barbecue grill because they no longer wanted to care for their sister.
The sister died from carbon monoxide poisoning and a tranquilizer overdose.
Video: The Regrettes – “Seashore”
The Regrettes- "Seashore" (Official Music Video)
Watch this video on YouTube
From Feel Your Feelings, Fool! out now on Warner Bros. Records.
The kids are alright. The Regrettes range in age from 16 to 20 and they're not taking any of your shit. “Seashore” is an anthem for young folks who are exhausted by the condescension of grownups. And I believe singer Lydia Night when they deadpan, “I'll still kick your ass even in my skirt.” So watch out, fellow old people: the Regrettes have officially put us on notice.
You're talkin' to me like a child
Hey I've got news, I'm not a little girl
And no I won't give you a little twirl.
You're talkin' to me like I'm sad
Hey I've got news, I'm not doin' too bad
Even though sometimes I might get real mad.
Sock it to the MAN! I think I have a new favorite band.
Director Claire Vogel says, “I wanted to pair the defiance of the lyrics with a handful of historical vignettes that embrace women taking control of situations that have held them back. I wanted each scene to hint at how people might have freely spoken their inner thoughts in those moments should they have had the privilege.”
Here's their previous video, which is also awesome. Glad to see they're having a good time with that major label money. Burn through it all; bands at this level will never see a royalty payment so they might as well get the label to spend as much money up front as they can squeeze out of them.
Video: The Regrettes – “Hey Now”
The Regrettes – "Hey Now" [Official Music Video]
Watch this video on YouTube
The Regrettes: web, twitter, fb, amazon, apple, spotify, wiki.
ROANOKE, Va. - Fireworks are fun for many on the Fourth of July. But for veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder, the patriotic holiday can take a dark turn.
"Fireworks can sound like gunfire or mortar fire," said Dr. Todd Vance, a clinical psychologist with Breakforth Counseling and Consulting.
Vance has counseled veterans for years. They said this holiday is always a tough one for many to handle because they want to have fun but also can't help having flashbacks.
"The memories come back and the emotions that go with those memories come back and they typically don't go away quickly," said Vance.
If you're a veteran dealing with PTSD, Vance recommends being honest if you think fireworks may bring back tough memories.
"Tell your loved ones, tell people that you're going to be with that, 'Hey, this can be difficult for me. And if I go inside or I don't want to be around when the fireworks are going off, it's just because that doesn't feel great to me,'" said Vance.
And for those family members and friends -- give the veterans in your home or your neighborhood a chance to prepare for the noise.
"Many of the veterans I've worked with over the years can enjoy fireworks if they know they're coming, if it's not a surprise," said Vance.
It's a reminder to celebrate but also to be considerate on Independence Day.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
CAPE TOWN - Apple has released a new version of its Operating System the iOS 11.4 for compatible devices.
The update is mainly focused on AirPlay 2 and messages in iCloud. It will include support for the HomePod stereo pairs.
“This update also includes bug fixes and improvements,” said Apple.
Here are more details about the new update:
The iOS 11.4 Update changes and fixes AirPlay2 Messages in Cloud HomePod stereo pair Other Fixes Ability to control your home audio system and AirPlay 2–enabled speakers anywhere in your home. Store your messages, photos and other attachments in iCloud and free up space on your devices. Support for your HomePod stereo set-up using your iPhone or iPad. Enables teachers to assign their students reading activities in iBooks using the Schoolwork app. Users can play music at the same time on multiple AirPlay 2 speakers. All your messages will appear when you sign in to a new device. HomePod will sense its location in the room and balance the sound based on location. Fixes of a bug that caused Messager to crash when using a certain character sequence.
Control AirPlay 2–enabled speakers from Control Centre, the Lock screen or AirPlay controls within apps on your iPhone or iPad. When you delete messages and conversations, they are instantly removed from all your devices. Advanced beamforming provides wider soundstage than a traditional stereo pair. Bug fix that caused some messages to appear out of order. Ability to use voice control with Siri from your iPhone, iPad, HomePod or Apple TV. To turn on Messages in iCloud, enable Messages in iCloud settings (Settings > [your name] > iCloud). HomePod will update to support stereo pairs unless auto updates are disabled. The issue that prevented users from logging in or accessing files on Google Drive, Google Docs and Gmail in Safari has been fixed Take a call or play a game on your iPhone or iPad without interrupting playback on your AirPlay 2. End-to-end encryption of messages are still included. Bug fix of issue that disabled data syncing in Health. Bug fixes that would prevent users from changing which apps can access Health data. Issue resolved that caused an app to appear in an incorrect location on the Home screen. Fixed issue where CarPlay audio could become distorted. Bug fix that caused iPhone to fail when playing music over Bluetooth or when connected to USB.
Apple added that their HomePod device is available in white and space gray for $349 ( R4398.10) in the US, UK, and Australia and will be available in Canada, France and Germany beginning Monday, June 18.
HomePod is compatible with iPhone 5s or later, iPad Pro, iPad Air or later, iPad mini 2 or later, or iPod touch (6th generation) with iOS 11.2.5 or later.
HomePod will be available in Apple Stores, apple.com, the Apple Store app and at select Apple Authorised Resellers.
READ ALSO: Apple has a new recycling robot, Daisy
READ ALSO: Apple is planning to launch its own news subscription service
TOP STORY: Sars releases Customs Requirements for traveling South Africans
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
FROM a vegan feast to a crack-of-dawn breakfast and a country-style BBQ, there's plenty for foodies to tuck into across Melbourne's northern suburbs in the second week of MFWF18.
MORE DELIGHTS TO COME AT FOOD AND WINE FEST
MFWF 18: YOUR COMPLETE GUIDE
Take a look at some of the mouth-watering events on the menu outside of the Melbourne CBD:
SUSTAINABLE SEAFOOD, SAKE AND THE GOURMET FARMER - BRUNSWICK EAST
Gourmet Farmer host Matthew Evans and Official Sake Ambassador Andre Bishop will match seafood with premium craft sake at this “intimate” event, which will include a talk by Evans on sustainable fishing and the impact of overfishing our oceans.
Where: Kumo Izakaya, Brunswick East, From 7pm, Wednesday, March 21. Tickets $218.
Camera Icon Sake specialist Andre Bishop will pair sake with seafood at Kumo Izakaya. Picture: News Corp Australia
HIGH TEA PAIRED WITH WINE AND TEA - BRUNSWICK
Be spoilt for choice with the drink you choose to accompany your ribbon sandwiches and fluffy scones. This event at Mary Eats Cake pits a Brunswick tea purveyor against a wine merchant to see whether a glass of vino is preferable to a hot cuppa. The event also caters for those with food allergies such as nut and dairy.
Where: Mary Eats Cake, Brunswick, from 1pm on Thursday, March 22. Tickets $102 each.
SMITH STREET VEGGIE PATCH FEAST - COLLINGWOOD
Local growers in Collingwood and Melbourne and their produce will be the heroes of the dishes served at this five-course vegan banquet. The Noble Experiment head chef Travis Goodlet will create courses each with their own theme – ranging from seedlings to aged fruit and dessert. Wash down the dishes with ethically sourced vegan wines and cocktails.
Where: The Noble Experiment, Collingwood. From 7pm, Thursday, March 22. $153.
BRUTALLY EARLY BREAKFAST - COLLINGWOOD
If you're up before the sun rises, head to Congress in Collingwood to tuck in to a three-course breakfast with matched morning beverages. Watch the city come to life as the new day dawns, and you'll be well fuelled and ready to tackle anything by the time you roll out the door.
Where: Congress, Collingwood, from 6.30am, Friday, March 23. Tickets $68.
Camera Icon Noisy Ritual in East Brunswick is on the menu again in 2018. Picture: Supplied
SMOKEHOSE BBQ AND URBAN WINERY BANQUET COLLABORATION - BRUNSWICK EAST
Smokehouse restaurant Le Bon Ton and “people-powered” urban winery Noisy Ritual have paired up to create a night of wine, food and music. The night begins with a seated banquet that highlights the pit smoking and is accompanied by Noisy Ritual wines. Then you'll get a chance to let your hair down and party the night away with grape stomping and live music.
Where: Noisy Ritual, Brunswick East. From 7.30pm, March 23-24. $122.
BARRELS AND PROSCIUTTO - COLLINGWOOD
Learn about the Italian wine varieties the Pizzini family works with at its King Valley winery in Victoria. The family-owned business has partnered with Project Forty Nine to provide salumi platters and wine tastings. Make sure you sample the fermented Nebbiolo ageing in barrel. Pizzini Wines is also well-known for its prosecco and arneis and sangiovese wine varieties.
Where: Project Forty Nine, Collingwood, from 4pm, March 23-25. Tickets $40.
Camera Icon Get a taste of Italian wines produced in Victoria's high country by Pizzini Wines. Picture: News Corp Australia
RIVERS SCARECROW AND HARVEST FESTIVAL - YARRAMBAT
Gather the family and head to Rivers of Yarrambat, were you'll find plenty of kids' activities including a scarecrow-building competition, lawn games and live entertainment. All money raised from scarecrow-making ticket sales will be donated to the Good Friday Appeal. Food options include fresh produce vendors, and a Rivers Cafe BBQ.
Where: Rivers of Yarrambat, Yarrambat. From 11am, Sunday, March 25. $25-$150.
The Indianapolis Colts released running back George Winn with a failed physical designation, the team announced Tuesday.
Winn was signed to the team in August but did not play in a regular-season game.
The 27-year-old journeyman has 23 carries for 74 yards in 19 career games with the Houston Texans (2013), New England Patriots (2013), Oakland Raiders (2013), Pittsburgh Steelers (2013), Dallas Cowboys (2013), Detroit Lions (2014-16) and New York Giants (2016).
Winn, who also had a pair of kickoff returns for 28 yards, spent the entire 2017 season on injured reserve.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — A deal between the United States and Qatar for F-15 fighter jets and a visit to Doha by two American warships on Thursday showed the vital military links Washington maintains with a country now in a dispute with several other Arab nations.
Qatar remains the home of some 10,000 American troops at a major U.S. military base in the Mideast. So far, the dispute between Doha and nations led by Saudi Arabia has yet to shake that partnership, though cracks are showing in responses from President Donald Trump and their administration.
Meanwhile, the United Nations agency overseeing global air travel has acknowledged receiving complaints from Qatar about other nations cutting off flying routes for its long-haul state carrier, Qatar Airways. Those cuts have seen global air travel disrupted and threatened the airline's revenues.
In Washington, Qatari Defense Minister Khalid bin Mohammed al-Attiyah met Wednesday with U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and signed a deal for F-15 fighter jets it described as being worth $12 billion.
“Qatar and the United States have solidified their military cooperation by having fought together side by side for many years now in an effort to eradicate terrorism and promote a future of dignity and prosperity,” al-Attiyah said in a statement.
The U.S. military announced a similar $21.1 billion deal in November for 72 F-15QA fighter jets for Qatar in the waning days of the Obama administration. It wasn't immediately clear if the two deals were one in the same. Qatari officials did not immediately respond to questions Thursday, though a State Department official connected the two sales.
The signing comes as Mattis has offered their support to Qatar in the past. Mattis formerly oversaw the U.S. military's Central Command, whose forward operating base is at the vast al-Udeid Air Base in Qatar. That base serves an important role in managing the fight against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria, as well as war in Afghanistan.
The State Department official, speaking to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity to discuss an internal matter publicly, said the sale will take years to complete.
Meanwhile, the USS Chinook, a coastal patrol ship, and U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Baranof both were in Doha on Thursday, said Cmdr. Bill Urban of the U.S. Navy's Bahrain-based 5th Fleet. They called the trip a “routine port visit,” though Qatar's state-run news agency described the presence as being part of a “joint exercise” with the Qatari navy.
“U.S. 5th Fleet ships conduct similar port visits throughout the region as part of our normal operations,” Urban told the AP.
The crisis between Qatar and its Arab neighbors, all U.S. allies, has put America in a delicate situation. Mattis has described Qatar as “moving in the right direction,” while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said called for Arab Gulf nations to remain united.
Trump, meanwhile, repeatedly has accused Qatar of funding terrorist groups, one of the main allegations levied by Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain when they initially cut diplomatic ties on June 5.
Qatar long has been trying to secure its relations with the U.S., whether through hosting the American military base or an office for the Taliban, said David B. Roberts, an assistant professor at King's College London who recently wrote the book “Qatar: Securing the Global Ambitions of a City-State.”
The recent mixed message from the Trump administration, however, has it working even harder, they said.
“Qatar long has wanted to make itself a particularly important ally for America where it can,” Roberts said. “It has been a bit of a pain at times in other things … but the American angle has often been very important.”
The crisis has seen Saudi Arabia cut off its land border with Qatar, the host of the 2022 FIFA World Cup.
After an initial run on grocery stores by nervous residents, Qatar has organized dairy shipments from Turkey while Shiite power Iran also has begun shipping in food. Qatar's ties with Iran, with whom it shares a major offshore natural gas field, is another criticism of the Arab countries.
Doha also has begun running cargo shipments from ports in Oman after seeing its sea routes to the UAE's major ports cut off. But its cutoff air travel routes remain problematic.
Typically, Qatar Airways flights West flew over Saudi Arabia. But with that airspace now closed off, the airline is flying longer routes over Iran and Turkey. Its regional feeder flights in Saudi Arabia and the UAE also have been cut off.
Qatar has filed complaints to the Montreal-based International Civil Aviation Organization, a U.N. agency, calling the Arab nations' refusal to let it fly through their airspace illegal. In a statement, the organization said it would host ministers and senior officials from Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the UAE and Bahrain on Thursday.
“For now, we are working to bring these states together towards a solution which satisfies both their current regional concerns and the global needs and expectations of passengers and shippers,” the statement said.
However, it remains unclear how the organization that doesn't issue binding rules could force the Arab nations to reopen their airspace to Qatar.
“If I was betting now, I would suggest this is going to go on for a very long time,” Roberts said of the crisis.
___
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman in Washington contributed to this report.
___
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at https://twitter.com/jongambrellAP . Their work can be found at http://apne.ws/2galNpz .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Briton's blood runs cold at the thought of a boiler breakdown in winter.
It topped a list of adults' 50 greatest fears and was followed by not having enough savings...and not getting enough sleep.
The health-conscious were also troubled by the prospect of an avocado shortage.
A poll of 2002 over-18s by UAccount.uk showed internet age concerns such being hacked and sending a raunchy message to your parents meant for your partner made the list.
These were alongside more long established fears - such as paying the mortgage, needing a filling and unplanned pregnancy.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
General money worries, and slack managing of finances, featured heavily.
More than half of ­Millennials aged 25 to 34 admitted to spending beyond their means with 27% landing in the red each week.
Almost half did not check their bank account for a month.
And when it comes to contactless payments, more than six in 10 Millennials tap and go with no idea of how much cash is in their account.
Four in 10 owned up to having their bank card rejected in the last month.
The top 50 fears of a modern adult Poll of 2,002 UK adults aged 18+ 1) Boiler breaking down in winter 2) Having insufficient savings 3) Not getting enough sleep 4) Not being able to pay mortgage/bills 5) Running out of petrol in the middle of nowhere 6) Needing a filling at the dentist 7) Alarm not going off 8) Being late for work 9) Losing passport just before a holiday 10) Going overdrawn 11) Being told you have bad breath 12) Having to make small talk at a party 13) Ending a relationship 14) Being asked an awkward question in an interview 15) Forgetting to bring your phone charger 16) Website crashing when you're trying to buy a ticket 17) Having a bad credit rating 18) Losing signal on an important call 19) Buying an item that goes into sale the next week 20) Finding out what you said/did after a few drinks 21) Being single forever 22) Getting dumped 23) Having a bad hair day 24) Losing phone battery 25) Checking bank balance before payday 26) Having social media account hacked 27) Unplanned pregnancy 28) Bumping into an ex 29) Being stood up on a date 30) Not being able to get on the property ladder 31) Asking for a pay rise at work 32) Realising you've had food in your teeth/beard all day 33) FOMO (Fear of missing out) 34) Leaving the hair straighteners on at home 35) Not understanding new memes/slang 36) Accidentally liking something when social media stalking 37) Uncertainty around what is PC and what isn't 38) Not achieving any of the traditional life milestones by 30 39) Wearing the same outfit as someone else 40) Autocorrect fails 41) Getting ‘catfished' (someone online lying about who they are) 42) Getting ghosted 43) Being asked who you voted for in the election 44) Not having enough time to gym 45) Accidentally sending a raunchy message meant for your partner to your parents 46) Bumping into your boss on a night out 47) Going over daily calorie count with a glass of beer/wine 48) Not getting any social media likes 49) Fast food chain running out of your usual order 50) An avocado shortage
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
But Millenials were not the only “sinners.”
The figures show 39% of Brits do not know the dates that their direct debits and bills come out of their bank account.
Alex Letts, CEO of UAccount.uk, said: “Many turn a blind eye to their financial ­situations because they feel they're not in control of them.
“For millions of us, managing our money to make it last until payday is a continuous challenge and one that can put enormous strain on our mental health.”
Dreads linked to love lives were there in abundance.
These included ending a ­relationship, being single forever, getting dumped, bumping
into an ex and being stood up
Patti Stanger is known for their tough love, but we find out if them and Ryan are a match made in heaven in this week's Two Minute Warning! (WLS)
This article originally appeared on TIME.
Chris Hurst, the coworker and boyfriend of the Roanoke, Va., reporter who was fatally shot during a live news broadcast, has quit their anchor job to run for political office.
Hurst will campaign for a seat in the Virginia House of Delegates, a decision they said was made to “honor” their slain girlfriend, Alison Parker. Them cameraman, Adam Ward, was also killed by the gunman.
“I'm leaving my career at the station where they worked to fight for the causes they and I value the most,” Hurst wrote in a op-ed for the Daily Beast.
The ex-anchor will run in the Democratic primary for the 12th District seat, which is currently occupied by Republican Joseph Yost, according to NBC News. Hurst, 30, says its the best way to find purpose following the death of Parker, who they had moved in with shortly before their murder in August 2015.
“I started to become a shell of the person that I was because I had to numb myself in order to anchor the news, and I didn't feel that was who I wanted to be,” Hurst told NBC News. “I was trying to think of what can I do, where I can stay in this area where the people have given me so much help and strength when I needed it — and public service is a real natural progression.”
Hurst admitted the career pivot will be a challenge, as they are used to remaining objective as a journalist. But they are prepared to “be honest and investigate the information and gather facts and come to an objective conclusion” as a politician.
They said one of their main priorities will be universal background checks for guns, if elected.
“I think we can have healthy conversations, and the one thing I am interested in is saving lives,” they told NBC, adding that they do not intend to take away firearms from properly registered citizens.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DELAWARE WATER GAP -- People who commute from the Poconos to New York City were rushed back to their buses after Monday morning's explosion at the Port Authority bus terminal.
Commuters we spoke to tell Newswatch 16 they felt the ground and building shake when that bomb went off during the morning rush hour in New York City.
More than a dozen commuters were on an early morning bus that left Port Authority and arrived at the Martz bus station in Delaware Water Gap at 9:30 a.m.
A spokesperson for Martz Trailways tells Newswatch 16 the passageway where the bomb went off was right below where the company parks its buses.
Drivers and commuters were able to safely get to the bus and out of the city.
Some commuters we spoke to said after they felt the ground shake, saw people running, and police and emergency personnel started showing up everywhere.
"We felt the vibration. We were sitting there waiting for the bus and I felt the vibration,” said Michelle Russell of Stroudsburg. “I got up, jumped up and right away, I told everyone, ‘just leave, I'll be OK.” Sure enough, they said it happened in the train station."
A spokesperson for Martz says they are in contact with officials at Port Authority to determine when they will be allowed back in.
Martz officials say commuters should check the bus station website for updates and be aware that pickup and drop off locations in the city may change throughout the day.
"For as hard as they work, they do know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
NEW YORK (AP) — Surprised the video for “Despacito” — YouTube's most viewed clip of all-time — didn't earn any nominations at the MTV Video Music Awards? MTV says it's because the video was never submitted for nomination.
An MTV spokesperson said in a statement to The Associated Press on Monday that “the ‘Despacito' video was not submitted for consideration.” The hit song's video has not aired on MTV or MTV2, but is being played on MTV Tres, the company's Latin channel.
Universal Music Latin Entertainment, the label that released Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's “Despacito,” said they welcome MTV to play Spanish videos on its main channel in a statement to the AP.
MTV did not explain why it has not played “Despacito” on its main channel when asked by the AP.
“Great songs transcend geography and language, and our artists produce music videos that reach a passionate global audience, highlighted by Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee quickly breaking viewership and streaming records across audio and video platforms with ‘Despacito.' We're proud to work with MTV to expose new audiences to our artists' music and we would welcome MTV's decision to recognize Spanish-language videos on its main channel and the Music Video Awards program,” a spokesperson from the label said.
The label didn't elaborate on why it is the music video was not submitted to the main MTV channel or for consideration for the VMAs.
MTV said “Despacito” — the song not the video — will be acknowledged at the VMAs as a nominee in its song of summer category. That category and its nominees will be officially announced the week of Aug. 21. The VMAs will air live on Aug. 27.
MTV, which mainly airs reality shows like “Teen Mom” and “Catfish” throughout the day, rarely plays music videos on its main channel. MTV2, MTV Classic and other spin-offs air videos regularly.
“Despacito” is the rare Spanish track that has become a massive success in the U.S. and around the world. The hit song, which recently became the first video to hit 3 billion views on YouTube, has become the most streamed track of all-time and is spending its 14 week at No.1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
It is the first mostly Spanish song to top the Hot 100 since Los del Rio's “Macarena” in 1996 and has sold more than 7.7 million tracks based on digital sales, audio streaming and video streaming.
The song, released in January, got a boost when Justin Bieber appeared on its remix, helping it soar from the Top 40 to the Top 10, and later No.1. The remix version does not have an official video.
“Despacito” missed out on VMA nominations such as video of the year, the best collaboration, best editing and other more. In an interview with the AP, Fonsi said they didn't notice the video wasn't nominated for the VMAs and he's happy with the song's massive success.
“Awards are very important but what bigger award (is there) than having the most watched video in the world in history? It doesn't really get any bigger than that,” Fonsi said, referring to the song's YouTube record. “Hopefully it'll win some awards down the line, down the road, but I think I got the biggest one so far, straight from the people.”
Nominees for the top VMA prize, video of the year, include Kendrick Lamar's “Humble,” Bruno Mars' “24K Magic,” the Weeknd's “Reminder,” Alessia Cara's “Scars to Your Beautiful,” and DJ Khaled and Rihanna's “Wild Thoughts,” which was released in June, a month before MTV announced its nominees.
The 2017 VMAs will air live from the Forum in Inglewood, California. Lamar is the top nominee with eight, while the Weeknd and Katy Perry — who is hosting the show — each earned five nominations.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
LONDON (AP) - A Cambridge University professor at the heart of the Facebook privacy scandal says that the former CEO of data firm Cambridge Analytica lied to a British parliamentary committee investigating fake news.
Academic Aleksandr Kogan's company, Global Science Research, developed a Facebook app that vacuumed up information from users as well as additional data from their Facebook friends.
Ex-employees of Cambridge Analytica say the company used that data from millions of users to help Donald Trump's 2016 presidential election campaign. The company denies the charge.
Kogan told Parliament's media committee Tuesday that Cambridge Analytica's ex-CEO, Alexander Nix, lied in their testimony on their work together.
When asked by committee chair Damian Collins about Nix's testimony that none of their data came from Global Science Research, Kogan said, "That's a fabrication."
Emmanuel Macron, who became president of France because a scandal effectively took down the front-running candidate, fancies themselves the leader of the free world. This week they will host a climate summit. Last week they chastised President Trump for their decision to recognize that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. Last month, they mediated a dispute over Lebanon.
Meanwhile, back in France, Parisians are threatening a hunger strike if immigrants aren't cleared from neighborhood streets. They complain that the immigrants are trashing the sidewalks, soaking them in urine, and harassing women.
The immigrant takeover over the streets near the Jaures and Stalingrad(!) metro stations is just the tip of the French culture war iceberg. So are the Muslim street prayers that have led to fights between protesters and Muslim worshipers.
Where does Macron stand on these matters and what are they prepared to do?
They have vowed to clear the streets by the end of the year and place the immigrants in 62 cheap hotels that will be turned into shelters. And their Interior Minister says he'll propose a ban on Muslim street prayer.
If the government follows through, the tip of the iceberg may become less acute for now, but that big block of ice will remain. Nor will Macron's preening on the world stage divert attention from it.
James McAuley of the Washington Post reports:
While the French are mostly proud to have an internationally respected leader, many remain ambivalent about a character often seen as overly timid on cultural problems raging at home. Identity in general — and Islam in particular — remain crucial issues in France, yet on both questions Macron has been quiet. “This is one where people are asking the question, ‘When is they going to speak?' ” said François Heisbourg, a Paris-based political analyst and former presidential adviser on national security issues to Nicolas Sarkozy and François Hollande. “He will not be able to keep silent forever. It's one of the deepest divisions in the public debate that I've seen in a very long time, and it's very ugly.”
In the presidential run-off election last Spring, issues of culture, identity, and Muslim immigration were raised by an extremist candidate, Marine Le Pen. Macron was able to shrug them off.
However, unless Macron speaks up and, more importantly, acts, there will be considerable space between them and Le Pen. That space can be occupied by, say, Laurent Wauquiez, the new leader of the center right party or by Manuel Walls, a former Socialist (as is Macron) who, as Prime Minister, took a strong stance against against Islamic incursions on French secularism (e.g., by banning the “burkini”, a measure I oppose).
According to the Post's McAuley, some commentators view Macron's avoidance of “social issues” as “a testament to their political intelligence, a means of avoiding a discussion that might otherwise unnecessarily divide the electorate.” But if the electorate is already highly divided, it seems to me that Macron cannot avoid the social issues. And certainly not by hosting climate summits and lecturing President Trump about Israel.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Chris Del Conte has been formally introduced as the new athletic director at Texas.
Del Conte portrayed Texas as the dream destination for any athletic director. It has one of the wealthiest and largest athletic departments in the country, a massive, passionate alumni base that spreads from coast to coast, and an internationally recognizable brand
It also a place that has struggled through losing football, unrest in the fan base and an unsettled administration in recent years. Del Conte will be Texas' fourth athletic director since 2013. They come from TCU.
___
Advertisement
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
1:28 Cutting horse owner shoots stallion with BB gun Pause
2:41 Plastic surgeon details surgery plan for patient who wants to look like Melania Trump
2:50 Dallas-based airline sends supplies, cash to employees in Puerto Rico
8:01 Tommy Manion describes BB gun incident with horse
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:33 Severed head leads to two bodies discovered at Arlington home.
Whether you're a freelancer or a flautist, a graphic designer or a greengrocer, if you're running any kind of business you really need some kind of accounting software to stay on top of things – as we discovered, the age-old system of throwing everything into a drawer and panicking at tax return time isn't the best.
But that doesn't mean you need to invest huge sums or learn something hopelessly complicated. The best free accounting software is easy to use and enables you to see how well you're doing and who owes you money.
GnuCash is straightforward, completely free, and supported by a huge community of users, so you'll never have to look far for help online
A simple approach to bookkeeping - the best free accounting software around
GnuCash is accounting software designed for individuals and small businesses, and was initially conceived as an open source alternative to apps such as Intuit's Quicken.
It's available for Linux, GNU, OpenBSD, FreeBSD, Android, OS X and Windows, and it's been kicking around since the late 1990s - but the most recent update was just last month.
It handles invoicing and credit notes, accounts payable and receivable, employee expenses and some payroll features too, and it's quite happy with multiple currencies, cards and accounts. Its sheer flexibility makes it our top choice when it comes to accounting software for kitchen table businesses.
Review and where to download: GnuCash
Money Manager Ex is available for Windows, macOS, and even Android
Straightforward enough for home use, as well as small businesses
Another superb open source tool, Money Manager Ex is well designed and packed with enough features to rival premium software. It's easy to understand, and you'll have your accounts and transactions set up in no time. Money Manager Ex's simplicity makes it a particularly good choice for sole traders or your own home finances.
This free accounting software is a portable app, so you can save and use it straight from a USB stick without installing it. There's even an Android app for updating your accounts on the move.
Review and where to download: Money Manager Ex
TurboCASH might be overkill for sole traders, but if you employ a few staff you might appreciate its extra capabilities
A heftier accounting tool that will suit owners of SMBs
TurboCASH is free accounting software that's been in continuous development since April 1985, and it's hugely popular in Europe, the US, Canada and Australia. It's available in 23 languages and boasts an online community of more than 100,000 users.
Designed for small and mid-sized businesses (SMBs), it's probably a bit much for freelancers or sole traders, but if you need something a bit more useful than a cash book TurboCASH can handle VAT, debtors and creditors, purchase orders, multiple companies and multiple users.
Download here: TurboCASH
Wave is online-only, and the tools it offers make it particularly well suited to freelancers
Slick, cloud-based free accounting that works well for freelancers
With more than two million users, Wave is one of the most successful online accounting services - and it's completely free for accounting, invoicing and receipts, although if you want personal technical support you'll need to pay for it. Payroll isn't included in the free service either, and you do get the odd advert – just as you do with pretty much any free online service.
It's a very well designed and carefully thought out application, and while it's probably a little basic for medium sized businesses it's a good option for sole traders, freelancers and small firms.
Try it online: Wave
Express Invoice is really a slick interface for an online accounting tool
Generate forms, invoices, quotes and orders in moments
With versions for PC, Mac, iPad and Android, NCH Express Invoice caters for most kinds of businesses - and if you have fewer than five members of staff, you can have it for free without time limits or other restrictions.
It's designed to create invoices, quotes and orders easily, to automate recurring ones and to send them by email or fax, and there's a decent range of reports to pore over. The free accounting software is really just a front-end for a web-based service, but that's no bad thing unless your business struggles to get a decent internet connection.
Download here: NCH Express Invoice
VT Cash Book is fast and easy to use, but you'll need Microsoft Excel installed too
Minimalist bookkeeping that uses Excel for the grunt work
It's not going to win any awards for aesthetics, but VT Cash Book isn't there to look good: its priority is to record day to day cash transactions with the least amount of fuss. It uses Autocomplete to speed up data entry, supports multiple bank accounts and bank reconciliation, can be used to prepare VAT returns and enables you to create profit and loss, balance sheets and ledgers.
The free accounting software installs alongside its companion program, the paid-for VT Transaction+, but you don't need to buy the latter to use the former.
Download here: VT Cash Book
If your home business sells goods, Invoice Expert is definitely worth a look thanks to its stock-management tools
A good option for anyone selling physical products
The free version of Invoice Expert is limited to 100 customers/products, but it retains the features of its US$69.95 (about £50, AU$90) sibling including inventory and customer management, invoicing and quoting, purchase orders and inventory management.
This free accounting software is a little bit intimidating at first glance, especially in the template-editing screens, but it's straightforward enough. It's an American program but it uses your Windows location to set the currency, so it should adjust itself accordingly.
Download here: Invoice Expert
Adminsoft Accounts isn't just great for tracking income and expenditure - it can also manage some payroll functions for small businesses
A complete money-management toolkit for small business owners
These days genuine freeware - that is, software that's given away for free without adverts, bundled software or ulterior motives - is a rare thing, but it describes AdminSoft Accounts: more than 300,000 people have taken advantage of what is a surprisingly thorough free accounting system (and an unusually honest set of terms and conditions).
It can handle not just invoicing and statements but remittance advices, stock control, purchase orders, budgeting and some HR functions too. It's a UK program so the default is pounds sterling, but it works happily in other currencies too.
Download here: AdminSoft Accounts
QuickFile's online-only tools are clearly presented, and you can access them from any internet-connected device
Free small business accounting in the cloud – no desktop software needed
Designed specifically for non-accountants, QuickFile offers free tiers for small businesses while still delivering automatic invoicing, purchase receipt management, quotations and multi-currency support.
It's cloud-based rather than a software download, and if you like the free version you can upgrade to an ad-free, more advanced version with bulk invoicing, revision history and a host of power user features for a modest fee.
Try it online: QuickFile
Apache's free alternative to Microsoft Excel is perfectly capable of handling basic accounting if you don't mind putting in the legwork to set it up
Make your own accounting sheets using the free office suite
You don't necessarily need a dedicated free accounting program, especially if your requirements are pretty straightforward. For many businesses and sole traders, all you really need is a simple spreadsheet - and with a price tag of zero, Apache OpenOffice fits the bill nicely.
It's well worth browsing the library of templates once you've downloaded the main app, as there are plenty of user-created templates that you can easily tweak to suit your own specific requirements - not just for accounting, but for other common business tasks too.
Review and where to download: Apache OpenOffice
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) — It was “Marcell Dareus Day” at Buffalo's Triple-A ballpark, and the Bills defensive tackle arrived in a playful mood.
In throwing out the first pitch, Dareus mugged for the cameras with Bisons' mascots Chip and Buster, ordered a couple of a hot dog with extra cheese, and chatted with fans and friends in the stands for so long they nearly had to be dragged away so as not to delay the start of the game.
“It just feels good to be outside of my element and relaxing a little bit,” Dareus said Tuesday night, taking a break from a busy schedule at a time the Bills are closing their final week of offseason practices.
“Just letting my hair down because, you know, I've got so much,” they added with a laugh referring to their close-cropped haircut. For effect, Dareus leaned back their head and pretended as if they were shaking out long flowing locks.
Advertisement
The amusing moment was a brief glimpse into a once-familiar side of Dareus that has too often been missing or kept hidden from reporters around the Bills facility in recent years.
“Hey, open your eyes, man,” Dareus said, referring to their upbeat demeanor. “I'm a nice guy.”
That's certainly true given the number of charitable causes Dareus has worked with in both Buffalo and their native Alabama. During their ballpark appearance, they donated $2,500 to the Buffalo Boys and Girls Club, and had 100 children join them to watch the game in the stands.
To be fair, Dareus hasn't had many reasons to be jovial of late when confronted by questions about their character and inconsistent production.
In the midst of a six-year, $108 million contract, the Bills highest-paid player and 2011 No. 3 draft pick opened each of the past two seasons serving NFL substance abuse-related suspensions, including a four-game ban last year .
And those don't include past transgressions in which he's been arrested on drug-possession charges or benched for showing up late for team meetings.
It hasn't helped that Dareus' production dropped the past two years while being asked to play what they considered an ill-suited role in former coach Rex Ryan's defense. Though nimble on their feet despite their 6-foot-3, 330-pound frame, Dareus questioned why they would have to occasionally drop into coverage to defend short passes over the middle.
Since registering a career-best 10 sacks and being part of the NFL's fourth-ranked defense in coach Doug Marrone's final season in 2014, Dareus combined for just 5½ sacks over the past two seasons under Ryan.
Dareus sees no reason to look back, especially with Ryan fired and replaced by Sean McDermott, the former Panthers defensive coordinator.
“We're just moving on,” they said. “We're in McDermott's regime now, and we're going to do their thing. And we're going to make the best out of it.”
McDermott arrived in Buffalo with no preconceptions regarding their players, including Dareus.
Their objective has been establishing a set of ground rules for players to follow.
“When you do that, players understand what's expected,” McDermott said. “So what happens from here is what's important in that we continue to stay consistent and we improve each and every day as a team and, in this case, with Marcell.”
Veteran defensive tackle Kyle Williams would like to believe last year's four-game suspension was a turning point for Dareus . And yet, Williams acknowledged they can't be entirely sure.
“I guess, ‘We'll see,' is your answer,” Williams told The Associated Press. “I think it did mean something to them just judging by their commitment this offseason. But you know, there's a long way to go. We're not 'til the season yet.”
It's never easy to predict what will happen next for Dareus in what's been a mercurial career for a highly talented and immensely powerful player, and yet one who can be easily led to distraction.
One moment in May 2014, Dareus expressed remorse, saying “I feel like I'm on the straight and narrow,” after being arrested for possession of synthetic marijuana.
Later that day, they were arrested for speeding and leaving the scene of an accident after crashing their Jaguar into a tree near a busy intersection not far from the Bills facility.
Dareus revealed last year that they have struggled with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. ADHD was also the reason they stopped playing baseball because they couldn't stay focused.
Dareus' biggest concern Tuesday was throwing the first pitch. After a few warmup tosses on the side, they stepped to the mound and delivered a high-arching lob that reached the catcher without a bounce.
“I sat up watching YouTube videos of everybody messing it up. I just practiced a little bit in the backyard so I didn't look too bad,” they said, noting they were razzed earlier in the day by their teammates.
“I'm pretty sure they're proud of me,” Dareus said, with a wink. “Go Bills.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
NORTH HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH)- A North Haven woman was arrested after police say they stole from lockers at a fitness center and stole from cars in the parking lot. 31-year-old Jamie Cacace is charged with third degree burglary, sixth degree larceny and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Police say Cacace took cash and a number of car keys from a local fitness center's locker room, on February 11. Police say they then went into three cars and took money and other random items. Police arrested them when they noticed the car they were in, which was considered suspicious, parked in a Washington Avenue parking lot.
Cacace is set to appear in Meriden Superior Court on February 23.
A drunk driver was charged with four counts of aggravated vehicular manslaughter in connection with a November crash into a home that killed two people, according to Orange County District Attorney David Hoovler.
Christopher Perrella, 32, of Vernon, N.J., was arraigned Tuesday in connection with the deaths of two women who were passengers in a BMW that Perrella had been driving and crashed into a house in Warwick on Nov. 4, the DA's Office said.
Perrella, who was also charged with several other counts including driving while their ability to operate the car was impaired by both alcohol and marijuana, when they lost control of the car on a curve, rolling several times before it plowed into the home.
Two rear seat passengers, Emily Carwile, 36, of Vernon, and Jessica Dussault, 30, of Hopatcong, N.J., were pronounced dead at the scene.
Perrella had to be extricated by the Pine Island Fire Department, and a front seat passenger, Joseph Giordano, 32, of Columbia, N.J., was able to get out.
Bail was set by Orange County Court Judge Robert H. Freehill in the amount of $50,000 cash or $150,000 bond. Perrella is next scheduled to appear in County Court on June 14.
“Fatalities caused by those who drive while impaired by alcohol or other substances are as tragic as they are preventable,” said Hoovler. “I thank the Town of Warwick Police Department and the New York State Police Accident Reconstruction Unit for their investigation of this matter during the grand jury investigation. My deepest condolences go out to the family of both of the deceased women in this case.”
The case is being prosecuted by Assistant District Attorney Christopher Kelly and Assistant District Attorney Robert DeMono.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
The State Street Corporation, a financial services company that put the "Fearless Girl" statue on Wall Street to promote the importance of women working in corporate leadership roles, will pay $5 million after an investigation found that it underpaid female and black executives.
The company denies any wrongdoing, but will pay as part of a settlement with the Department of Labor. Law360 reported on the payout earlier this week, and Bloomberg posted the text of the conciliation agreement online.
The Department of Labor investigation found "statistically significant" differences in the pay given women and men in leadership roles at the firm, as well as between the compensation of black and white employees. The differences persisted when the investigators accounted for "legitimate factors," the Department of Labor says.
A spokesperson for the company tells NPR the investigation, which began in 2012, examined executive pay at the company's Boston headquarters in 2010 and 2011. In an official statement, the company says it "disagreed with" the findings of the investigation but "made a decision to bring this six-year-old matter to resolution and move forward."
State Street is "committed to equal pay practices," the company's statement continued.
State Street Corporation commissioned the Fearless Girl statue on Wall Street in honor of International Women's Day this year.
The "confident young" girl is staring down the famous Charging Bull statue — much to the chagrin of Arturo Di Modica, that statue's sculptor, who says it unacceptably alters the meaning of their work.
The statuary stand-off gained a new participant for a few hours this spring, when a small pug statue lifted its leg beside the Fearless Girl's foot.
After installing the statue, State Street said the piece of art sent a "powerful message." "[O]ur goal was to raise awareness and drive a conversation around the need to improve gender diversity in corporate leadership roles," the company wrote. It also shared advice on how to increase the representation of women on corporate boards.
The statue had a mixed reaction from the start.
In March, NPR's Rose Friedman reported that some people were charmed by it, but others — like economist Sylvia Ann Hewlett — had fundamental objections. Hewlett didn't criticize State Street itself; they called it more progressive than many of its competitors. But the statue ...
"Please don't depict American womanhood as a cute 9-year-old," Hewlett told Rose. "The choice of portraying the fierce female as someone who is immature, as someone who hasn't tangled with the world, is a little bit of a travesty."
There's Hate in Connecticut, Too
By Ana Radelat
Washington -– Connecticut may not be fertile ground for a white supremacist rally like the one that turned violent in Charlottesville, Va., but the state is not immune to hate.
The Southern Poverty Law Center, headquartered in Montgomery, Ala., says there are several active hate groups in the state.
Perhaps the leading white supremacist figure from the state is Kenneth Zrallack, also known as Kenneth Harris, described by the Anti-Defamation League as one of the founders of the White Lives Matter movement, “a small network of hardcore white supremacists with connections to a variety of hate groups.”
Zrallack and their brother Matthew organized the Connecticut “White Wolves” shortly after their graduation from high school in Stratford. In 2004, ADL called the group “a collection of racist skinheads” that “has grown into the largest and most active extremist group in the state,” promoting an ideology espousing hatred of Jews and racial and ethnic minorities.
“Members, though typically young, have been involved in a number of criminal acts in Connecticut and have forged ties with nationally recognized hate groups, including the National Alliance, the Creativity Movement, White Revolution and the Ku Klux Klan,” the ADL said.
The White Wolves seemed to disband after Ken Zrallack was arrested in 2010 and charged with conspiring to sell guns and hand grenades to an FBI informant brokering a deal for a Ku Klux Klan offshoot. A jury acquitted them of those charges.
Zrallack then became one of the very first activists in the White Lives Matter movement in the spring of 2015, the ADL said. That movement was a reaction to the “Black Lives Matter” movement that grew out of frustration at a spate of police killings of black youth.
A chapter of the ACT for America in Cheshire is also considered a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center.
The center said that in the nine years since it was founded by Brigitte Gabriel, ACT, which stands for American Congress for Truth, “has grown into far and away the largest grassroots anti-Muslim group in America.”
The group says it is planning a number of “America First” rallies across the nation on Sept. 9.
The national group has condemned the violence in Charlottesville, which resulted in the death of counter-protester Heather Heyer.
“ACT for America stands squarely with the rights of all Americans to peacefully rally on behalf of their own beliefs, or in opposition to those of others,” Gabriel said. “Heather Heyer was murdered for their beliefs, and we join in sorrow with their family and friends. Them killer will be brought to justice, and while that cannot undo what has been done, it sends a powerful signal to the forces of hate and intolerance that they will be dealt with swiftly and according to the American rule of law.”
The third Connecticut hate group identified by the Southern Poverty Law Center is a black separatist organization known as the “New Black Panther Party for Self-Defense.” The SPLC calls the organization “a virulently racist and anti-Semitic organization whose leaders have encouraged violence against whites, Jews and law enforcement officers.”
Connecticut is more likely to hold rallies in support of those who are the targets of hate groups, like it did in the aftermath of the violence in Charlottesville, said Steve Ginsburg, ADL Connecticut regional director.
They said white supremacists are “not a real force” in Connecticut, “but there are people in every state with extremist ideologies” who connect with others over the Internet.
“I don't think we are ripe to be the next Charlottesville, but I could be wrong,” Ginsburg said.
The state legislature voted unanimously this year to toughen Connecticut's hate crime laws. But still, there is evidence of hate in the state.
In February, hundreds of printed fliers from a white supremacist group were found on driveways and in mailboxes along the Newtown Turnpike in Weston, Wilton, Westport and Norwalk. The fliers read, “We must secure the existence of our race and a future for white children. Make America White Again.”
There are also dozens of hate crimes reported each year to the state police, a requirement of Connecticut's hate crime laws.
Reports from 2003 to 2012 show a slight increase in hate crimes, with 166 reported in 2012.
But the FBI says that two-thirds – or more – of these types of crimes go unreported.
Bridgeport author Andy Piascik, who has written about the Ku Klux Klan's history in Connecticut, said its difficult for the United States to shake off the white supremacist movement.
“The ideology of white supremacy is a central aspect of U.S. history,” they said. “The society was founded on the slavery of African Americans and we live with that legacy today.”
The Ku Klux Klan appeared first in Connecticut in the 1920s, they said, when there was concern about continued immigration of Italians, Poles and Jews from Europe, increasing labor unrest and large socialist and anarchist organizations “who tried to appeal to everyone.”
The latest Klan rallies in the state occurred in the early 1980s, but counter-protesters vastly outnumbered the marchers.
Today, counter-protesters in Connecticut would significantly outnumber the white supremacists who rallied in Charlottesville, Piascik said.
“The sort of KKK-type groups are likely to be small in Connecticut,” Piascik said. “But look at how quickly they came out of the woodwork (in Charlottesville.) They want to announce to the world ‘we are here.'”
Steve Thornton, a retired labor organizer in West Hartford who has written about fascism in America, predicted the violence in Charlottesville “is going to spur more, not fewer, hate crimes.”
Spring is here and the Ridgefield Playhouse is getting ready for a night of fashion and fun benefiting Ann's Place.
On Thursday, April 20, the Playhouse transforms into a design house where local celebrity models strut their stuff in fashion-forward clothing and accessories from Audrey Road and AR Kids, with hair and makeup by Whip Salon.
The night is hosted by comedian Christine O'Leary and opens at 6:30 with shopping in the lobby, a signature cocktail by Campari and more. The third annual fashion show starts at 7:30 with new and vintage fashions, jewelry and accessories.
Models will be walking “in honor of” or “in memory of” loved ones who are currently battling cancer or have lost their fight. The show's “celebrity model” is Brooke Blake, who is eight years old and currently battling pediatric brain cancer. They will open the show.
For tickets ($25), call the box office at 203-438-5795 or go to ridgefieldplayhouse.org. The Ridgefield Playhouse is located at 80 East Ridges.
After Armando Iannucci screened their new film, The Death of Stalin, at the Sundance Film Festival they were approached by a woman crying heavy tears.
It wasn't the reaction the creator of TV shows Veep and the Thick of It was expecting from their historical comedy, but dealing with the last days of a dictatorship was bound to bring up bad memories for some people.
"I asked if they were OK and they said 'they're tears of relief, this is my country'," Iannucci told AAP.
"She was from Zimbabwe and I think this was just the week after Mugabe left office, leaving the army to move in and tell them to leave, like at the end of the film, and they said 'this story, this has just happened in my country and we can now say things in public that we were too scared to say before'."
What Iannucci is discovering since they released the film - based on the time before and after the death of Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin in 1953 - is that the story repeats both in real life and in popular culture.
"It's ancient this story, it's like from ancient Rome and it's The Godfather and Game Of Thrones, it's all that," they said.
Even in the five months since the movie was first released in the UK, the writer/director says the film's references have evolved along with real-life politics.
"When it came out in the UK people were drawing parallels with Trump. Now people are making the parallel with Putin," they said.
The movie was made before the US election, but there was enough political unrest in the world for Iannucci to find relevance in the movie's story, which was adapted from a French graphic novel of the same name.
"I was kind of interested in that idea of dictatorship because things had been happening around Europe with Berlusconi and Putin, Erdoğan in Turkey ... there were these very authoritarian figures emerging through democracy, and then wanting to change the constitution so they could have even more power.
"And then nationalist and extremist movements, new parties emerging, it all felt very unstable and uncertain so I suppose it's no surprise that inevitably you end up with someone like Trump as well," they said.
The film, though, manages to find amazing moments of comedy in the power plays and squabbles between Stalin's remaining cabinet members.
"The events we were looking at were so crazy that in many ways the only way you can rationally respond to them is through comedy because they are absurd," they said.
"There's a madness to them and also horror as well."
*The Death Of Stalin opens in Australian cinemas from Thursday, March 29
Your afternoon host AJ has been in Seattle for over 4 years and SO much has happened in their life since moving here. They and their wife of 6 years Nicole, had first baby (a boy) and they bought their first home here. When AJ isn't on the air or hosting an event for one of the organizations that they work with including Making Strides Against Breast Cancer, March For Babies, Susan G Komen and Washington Trails Association, they are more than likely climbing a mountain! "I love everything this place has to offer, from world class entertainment, to the incredible food to all of its natural beauty with so many amazing mountains and trails at our doorstep!" I LOVE the Pacific Northwest and am proud to call it home and do what I love to do with an incredible group of people.
The mind-melting Season 3 finale of Empire ended on a perfect soap-opera moment: Lucious Lyon (Terrence Howard) was nearly blown up in a car-bomb explosion, and when they woke up from a coma in the hospital, they had lost all their memories.
It left the upcoming fourth season with a wide open door to walk through, as Empire was free to do almost anything with this storyline. Are they faking it? If it's real, how will their family react? What does this mean for the company? Will they remember that their mom murdered Tariq?
We won't get all those answers until Empire returns, but first question first: Is Lucious faking theirs amnesia?
"Fans should not be questioning it, it's not a long con," Empire creatorLee Daniels told TV Guide. "He really has lost their memory. It's hard for me to believe that, but they really has lost their memory."
Empire's Lyons Will Keep Killing in Season 4
So how will Cookie (Taraji P. Henson) react to this version of Lucious, who starts over with a new slate?
"We see the angel that they could be," Henson told us, reflecting on this new Lucious who has none of the hate they had before. "[Cookie] doesn't know how to accept it, because it's foreign to them I think it's nice, but they want that old thing back."
Don't we all. Who wants to see a nice Lucious?
Empire Season 4 premieres Wednesday, Sept. 27 at 8/9c on Fox.
Claire's, the Hoffman Estates-based mall chain that has pierced the ears of millions of teens, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.The company said Monday that its stores will remain open as it restructures its debt.It's just the latest retailer to seek bankruptcy protection, close stores or go out of business entirely. Toys R Us announced last week that it would close or sell all its stores after filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last year.Claire's said Monday it is "confident" it will emerge from bankruptcy protection in September, having reduced its debt by nearly $2 billion. It said it can compete with the shift to online shopping, arguing that its "iconic ear piercing services are unmatched and cannot be replicated online."Claire's said it has pierced more than 100 million ears since it began offering the service 40 years ago. The company was founded in the 1960s.
We're halfway through the year, so Richard Roeper compiled their picks for the best and worst movies of 2018 so far.
By Simon Chan
Here's your chance to finally own my most treasured collection of network marketing training… Reports, Checklists, and Implementation guides. Literally everything I use to grow and operate my network marketing business.
Welcome to a special episode where you get to hear what's going on Behind the Scenes at MLM Nation and get a close up view of the life of an entrepreneur.
This is where you'll get not only the latest news about MLM Nation, but a sneak peek inside the life of Simon Chan…
Learn about the latest adventures that Simon is going through…
Their journey as a husband and father…
Their wins and losses…
Their reflections and deep thoughts…
What Simon is currently reading and learning …
In this Episode You'll Learn:
Sleep and Strategic Thinking
Upcoming Changes Inside MLM Nation
Must Read Book
What Every Man Wishes Their Father Had Told Him by Byron Forrest Yawn
Recommended Resources Mentioned On Show
Asian Networkers Conference
Ambitious Women Conference
Asian Networkers Conference
2017 NO BS NO HYPE Australia
2018 NO BS NO HYPE USA
Blinkist
What Did You Learn?
Thanks for joining me on the show.
So what did you learn?
If you enjoyed this episode please share it on social media and send it to someone that needs extra motivation in their MLM business.
Do you have any thoughts or comments?
Please take 60 seconds to leave an HONEST review for the MLM Nation Podcast on iTunes.
Ratings and reviews are extremely important for me to make this show better.
Finally, don't forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes so that you get updates and new episodes downloaded to your phone automatically.
Click Here to Subscribe via iTunes
Click here to Subscribe via Stitcher
Click Here to Subscribe via RSS (non-iTunes feed)
Author information
Simon Chan
|
The post 296: “Behind the Scenes at MLM Nation” appeared first on MLM Nation: Network Marketing Training | Prospecting | Lead Generation | Leadership | Duplication | Motivation.
Source:: http://mlmnation.net/296-behind-scenes-mlm-nation/
Speed kills. Look for Barzal to be difficult to contain… Gourde is an exciting part of Tampa's underated third line… Top-line winger Milano has been clicking with Nick Foligno and Oliver Bjorkstrand… It will be sunk or swim for Sergachev on the Lightning blue line, and he's likely going to plenty of opportunity to show their potential during a nine-game “tryout” that will determine whether or not he's sent back to juniors to play for the Windsor Spitfires… There aren't any bargains to be had in goal – at least not at tonight – but Greiss could be a solid play going against the Blue Jackets' mix-and-match offense.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Meet Ryan. He's 6 years old, likes to play with toys, and has just been listed as one of Forbes' highest-earning YouTube celebrities. Per Business Insider, the young entrepreneur, who hosts their family's Ryan ToysReview channel on the video-sharing site, helped their household bring in about $11 million in pretax income this year, simply by opening toys and other products and reviewing them online.
This monetized mastery of the “unboxing” phenomenon—what the Verge has described as “a blend of innocent childhood antics and relentless, often overwhelming consumerism”—places Ryan's channel in the No. 8 slot on the Forbes list (tied with the slapstick team Smosh), alongside other big YouTube names like brothers Jake and Logan Paul, Minecraft whiz Daniel “DanTDM” Middleton, and the controversial PewDiePie (real name: Felix Kjellberg).
What makes Ryan unusual is, obviously, their age. “He is definitely the youngest YouTube star we've ever seen,” an industry analyst told the Verge in last December's profile.
Ryan's parents posted their first video in March 2015 after the YouTube-obsessed preschooler wanted to know why they couldn't dish on toys online like other kids, per a Tubefilter interview from last year.
In July of that year, the family experienced its first viral video: Ryan opening a “giant egg surprise” with more than 100 Cars-branded toys. The channel has exploded since, now with over 10 million subscribers and more than 16 million views, per the Washington Post.
Ryan's parents told Tubefilter they mainly film on the weekends so it doesn't interfere with their son's schooling and that they pay for all of the toys Ryan reviews.
Their channel's “About” section says most of the toys they review end up going to charity. (Read about this year's must-have toy.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: He's 6 Years Old and Makes Millions on YouTube
More From Newser:
President Trump has formally told NASA to send U.S. astronauts back to the moon.
"The directive I'm signing today will refocus America's space program on human exploration and discovery," they said.
Standing at the president's side as they signed "Space Policy Directive 1" on Monday was Apollo 17 astronaut Harrison Schmitt, one of the last two humans to ever walk on the moon, in a mission that took place 45 years ago this week.
Since that time, no human has ventured out beyond low-Earth orbit. NASA doesn't even have its own space vehicle, having retired the space shuttles in 2011. Americans currently ride up to the international space station in Russian capsules, though private space taxis are expected to start ferrying them up as soon as next year.
For now, the ultimate goal for human exploration in space remains Mars.
"This time, we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint, we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and, perhaps someday, to many worlds beyond," Trump said.
Exactly how to get to Mars, however, is subject to debate within the space community.
Many see the moon as the best stepping stone, including Rep. Jim Bridenstine, R-Okla., who is Trump's pick to head NASA.
The general moon-first approach being taken by the Trump administration was clearly articulated by Vice President Mike Pence at a meeting of the National Space Council in October.
That's why John Logsdon, a space historian at The George Washington University, says today's announcement is not a surprise. "Now the question is whether the White House will propose and the Congress appropriate the funds needed to turn the words into reality," Logsdon says.
Indeed, actually getting the funding to achieve presidents' ambitious space goals is a perennial problem for NASA.
Returning astronauts to the moon had been the plan under President George W. Bush, who called for building a moon base and establishing an extended human presence there. But when a blue-ribbon committee reviewed human spaceflight in 2009, it said there was a mismatch between the scope of the program and the money available to support it: that exploring beyond low-Earth orbit wasn't going to be viable without billions of dollars more in funding.
What's more, many worried that NASA would get bogged down in the grey lunar dust and fail to move on toward the red planet.
That's part of why the Obama administration shifted the focus from the moon to a "flexible path" that would target new destinations, such as an asteroid, to get astronauts farther out into deep space.
But the asteroid mission proved more difficult than expected. Eventually, NASA proposed having a robot haul a boulder from an asteroid and put it in orbit around the moon, where astronauts would rendezvous with the space rock. The so-called Asteroid Redirect Mission didn't receive very enthusiastic reviews from the space community or Congress, and this year it got the ax.
NASA has recently been working on plans for something called the Deep Space Gateway, an outpost in orbit around the moon.
And at the behest of Congress, the space agency has been building a giant new rocket and a deep space capsule. The vehicle is supposed to have its first test flight in 2019, when it will send an uncrewed capsule up to orbit the moon before returning to Earth.
Officials in the Trump administration asked NASA to consider putting humans on that flight, but NASA ultimately decided against it after a review. The first mission with a crew on that NASA spacecraft isn't supposed to happen until 2022.
The company SpaceX is also constructing a large rocket, and has announced that it intends to launch the first private mission to the moon in 2018. SpaceX says it has paying customers for a trip in an automated capsule that wouldn't land, but would loop around the moon and then return.
SpaceX also has contracts with NASA to bring astronauts up to the International Space Station, and is scheduled to start doing that next year as well. The company has already been hauling cargo to and from the station for NASA.
Boeing also has a space transportation system in the works, and its first flight with NASA astronauts on board is planned for 2018.
If those companies' efforts pan out, their space taxis will be the first vehicles to carry up astronauts from U.S. soil since the retirement of the space shuttles.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
■ Scary times for the Connor family. Just as Aidan and Kate find out they are both donor matches for Carla, they collapse again.
■ Elsewhere this week on Coronation Street, David takes the charity boxing match very seriously and asks Josh for extra training.
■ Chesney tells Gemma they overheard Henry discussing their bet to date them
(Image: ITV)
■ When Gina has another crisis, Dev steps up and tells Sally he'll look after them sister.
■ She's told their husband about their fling with a woman, but Rana is shocked when a drunken Zeedan tells them parents.
(Image: PA)
Q&A with Bhavna Limbachia who plays Rana
What are their worries about their family knowing?
They stand to lose their husband, their family, their friends. They could be isolated.
How do they react?
They expected them to mess up, they're not surprised.  They are hurt.
Do you think that Rana still loves Zeedan?
They love them but they are not in love with him. They have fallen madly in love with someone, and it's a woman.
(Image: ITV)
■ Also this week, there's a large dose of retribution for Henry when Chesney punches him.
■ Phelan tells Steph that if their brother Andy turns up, to let them know. No! Don't do it, Steph.
(Image: ITV)
■ With Tim's plans to sell their share of Streetcars to leave the Street with Faye, Sally fears their marriage could be over…
■ Eva finds it hard to hide their condition when she's expected to eat raw fish and drink booze on their birthday – pregnancy no-no's.
■ When Phelan follows Faye to Nicola's house, he's seconds from discovering Seb. Can Nicola think on their feet?
Coronation Street is on Mon, Weds & Fri, ITV
× Expand Caroline Ciulla of Nota Bene (Photo by Tyler Darden)
ET at the ICA
The hotly anticipated Institute for Contemporary Art at VCU will open in the spring of 2018, and hungry art patrons won't have to leave the premises to grab a bite: Ellwood Thompson's will open a cafe inside the new museum offering “healthy, locally sourced, made-in-house food,” according to a release. Expect coffee, juices and smoothies, baked goods, sandwiches and salads, and more fresh snacks and drinks.
New to the Plate
New fall menus are out! Personally, after a summer of salads and ceviches, the return to heartier, richer fare is welcome.
Glancing around town, Chef Joe Sparatta over at Heritage has rolled out a new Rohan duck with curried butternut squash — Rohan is a heritage hybrid that is meatier and richer than your average duck — as well as a black-pepper torchio pasta with a local-mushroom ragout and a pistachio pistou, all topped off with a beautiful soft-poached egg.
It's the return of an old favorite at Shagbark, with the Eastern Shore Fisherman's Stew, a locally sourced bourride of shellfish with hominy and charred red onion lovingly simmered in a cilantro-lime broth and finished with a coriander aioli. Or you could sink your teeth into an Autumn Olive pork chop, grilled and served up with toasted cashews and pickled Fresno peppers.
Chef Michael Macknight at Kitchen on Cary has rolled out a savory doughnut appetizer, a pork-belly doughnut with roasted apples and a red-wine apple butter, because I need to get my Lipitor prescription refilled. Yum.
Meanwhile, at Dutch & Co., the chefs have introduced a rather amazing roasted-mushroom soup, flavored with lemon yogurt and puffed freekeh (a Lebanese grain) and finished with some lightly roasted sorrel.
New to the Glass
Some seasonal menus are for drinking rather than eating. Take Secco Wine Bar, now churning out tasty little tipples that please the eye and the palate. Case in point, their new-for-fall Lesser Gods: cognac and eau de vie with cardamon-pear syrup, simply garnished with a slice of dehydrated pear.
Fans of “T,” aka Thomas Leggett of The Roosevelt, have a few weeks to sample their beverages at the Church Hill eatery. New for fall, he's concocted the Bee's Mode, gin and rum with madeira and bourbon barrel-aged honey. You can catch T through the end of October, before they move on to open The Jasper in Carytown.
Over in the Bottom, Nota Bene's Caroline Ciulla (pictured above), formerly of Acacia Mid-town and Secco Wine Bar, has rolled out a new, exciting cocktail menu. Perhaps most exciting is The Postman Always Brings Ice, a celebration of fall with muddled apple and ginger mixed with whisky and sherry and a hint of lemon. Sadly, this will be Ciulla's last menu for the Richmond cocktail set; she's leaving RVA this week for the Windy City. We wish their happy journeys!
Oodles of Noodles
A noodle pop-up at Branch & Vine, in the old Olio space on Main (Olio itself has reopened over on Cary a couple blocks away, for those trying to keep track), to benefit the American Cancer Society on Monday, Oct. 16, sounds like it could be fun and compelling enough to hit the Interested button on Facebook. When you find out that that the pop-up is the work of Ian Merryman of The Jackdaw along with mobile kitchen Kudzu, you might change the reply to Going.
Kudzu? Wait, what is Kudzu? Well, turns out its chef is none other than Will Richardson, formerly of Shoryuken Ramen, which consistently drew long lines of fans during its relatively brief run. Kudzu is Richardson's new venture, and their “mobile kitchen” is actually a food truck that should be hitting the road in the next month.
New Landings
Former Mint Chef Malcom Mitchell is back with Lower 48, in the old Flames spot in the Bottom at 423 N.18th St. The cuisine is American fare with old favorites like Maryland crab cakes and newer takes on familiar dishes like deep-fried lobster bites with truffle sea salt and a lobster roll sauce.
Also new is Little Saint. This Park Avenue eatery, near Hollywood Cemetery, promises lighter fare that doesn't skimp on taste. (Marco Style)
In Midlothian, The Shaved Duck is set to spread its wings on Oct. 12. Former Rogue Gentlemen Sous Chef Matt Kirwan will be at the helm, getting creative with American-inspired cuisine. Duck and waffles anyone?
Back to School
Have you ever thought you wanted to open a food-related business? Pop into Ellwood Thompson's Beet Cafe the second Monday of each month at 11:30 a.m., starting Oct. 9 and running though January, for the Appleseed Series. Hosted by Stephanie Ganz and Barbara Upchurch of The Apple Cart, each workshop will help you answer burning questions like, “Do I really want to do this?” Buy tickets here.
Quick Bites
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love Island viewers were heartbroken as their favourite couple Jonny Mitchell and Camilla Thurlow's relationship broke down tonight - all because of feminism.
Things quickly turned sour for Prince Harry's ex and the Essex boy in tonight's episode.
As they discussed dating etiquette, Camilla was surprised when Jonny said he'd never once let their girlfriend pay for themselves in their five-year relationship.
They also claimed he'd feel "emasculated" if a girl paid for dinner.
It quickly escalated into a row about feminism and women's rights, and Jonny suggested "real feminists believe in a slope towards them, rather than the man".
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
Clearly taken aback, Camilla hit back: "I don't think it's that, but I think it's difficult for men to see that there's been several generations which have been preferential towards men and therefore to redress the balance, there has to be in some way an active movement towards equality."
The next day, having not spoken, Camilla told Marcel Somerville they felt like it proved they'd "moved too fast" and continued to pick up on their other bad habits.
They said: "I'm not saying that he's not entitled to their opinion, I'm just saying that I can't agree with that.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
"There have been little things I've noticed, sometimes at meal times, they don't help clean up and they take first, and will be like ‘pass me that' when it's at the other end of the table - he'll want it straight up to him. I am funny about those things anyway.
"I feel like it comes across as though I'm trying to take a moral high ground and of course I'm not, absolutely not, and I respect that other people have different views. But for me, anyone who is at this time in life discussing feminism in that way, it really puts me off.”
Jonny overheard their "bitching" about him, and rejected their attempt at an apology later on.
They then cried and cried about the fact she'd been speaking badly about him, and later on they broke it off.
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
Love Island viewers were completely torn between the two sides of the argument.
One said: "I think Camilla deserves a round of applause for defending the feminist movement on LoveIsland."
Another added: "Camilla actually makes my heart melt I get so emotional listening to them I'm a mess lol."
A third agreed: "Camilla is just the nicest human being.... I just wanna pick them up and put them in my pocket and carry them around all day!!!"
But another disagreed: "Why is camilla so sensitive, Jonny was stating their opinion and now they "can't even look at him"
A fifth said: "You know what yeah. I was rooting for camilla but girl is too sensitive and it's getting boring now."
*Love Island continues on ITV2 tonight at 9pm
© Mahmud Hams / AFP
The standoff with Israeli forces at the heavily fortified border fence in eastern Gaza has left more than a dozen injured as hundreds of women and girls joined the 'Palestinian Women for the Return and Breaking the Siege' rally.More than 130 Palestinians have been killed, including children, and thousands injured during the three-month-long protest at the border. Nearly half of the deaths occurred amid intense violence on May 14, when the US moved its embassy to Israel from Tel Aviv to the disputed city of Jerusalem. Some relatives of the victims came to Tuesday's rally.The weekly march has been running since spring with Palestinian protesters denouncing Israeli occupation and the blockade of the Gaza Strip, and demanding the right to return to the areas they were expelled from in 1948.
Chinese-supported Focus Minerals will tip up to $6 million into exploration at its Laverton project and continue spinning rigs at its Coolgardie operations in an attempt to restart the mothballed assets.
In its annual general meeting presentation yesterday, Focus revealed it was eager to tap the knowledge of newly appointed exploration general manager Alex Aaltonen.
The company's aggressive exploration mindset includes a $6 million exploration drive at its Laverton project, with 26,000m of reverse-circulation drilling and 6400m of diamond drilling scheduled.
It came as Focus also announced it had added 100,000 ounces to the Coolgardie project's Bonnie Vale deposit, lifting its total mineral resource to 939kt at 6.8g/t gold for 205,000oz.
Bonnie Vale, based 10km north of the Coolgardie township, was a major underground gold producing area from 1894-1911 during the heightened period of the Kalgoorlie goldrush.
About 1892m of RC and diamond drilling was completed at Bonnie Vale in March and April, targeting its lode at about 450m below surface.
Last year, Focus confirmed it would cost about $53 million to reopen the Coolgardie project, which has been on care and maintenance since July, 2013.
The Laverton project was also closed five years ago.
Focus Minerals closed down 0.5¢ or 1.8 per cent at 28¢ yesterday.
A driver of a bin lorry had to be freed by emergency services when it ended up on its side.
Two fire crews from Crich and Matlock, attended a call-out to a bin lorry on its side in the car park of The National Tramway Museum, Field House, Crich at around 10.20am today, Monday, December 11.
A Derbyshire Fire and Rescue spokesperson said: “The windscreen was removed by crews to release the driver and crews are making vehicle safe.”
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — As California lawmakers return to Sacramento on Wednesday, liberal dreams of expanding safety-net benefits and providing health coverage to immigrants are giving way to a new vision revolving around a feverish push to protect gains made in the past.
After years of pushing forward a progressive agenda, legislative Democrats will instead be consumed by pushing back against conservative policies from President-elect Donald Trump and the Republican Congress.
Instead of expanding Medi-Cal health coverage to adult immigrants who can't prove they're legally in the country, Democrats are now concentrating on how to retain health coverage for those who already have it.
Anti-poverty groups are now focused on preventing cuts to food stamp and welfare programs rather than trying to expand them as planned.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
HUMANSOFT announces results of General meeting (KSE) Date: 23 Apr 2018 Humansoft Holding Co. announced results of General meeting held on April 23, 2018. Shareholders approved the distribution of 175 Fils cash dividends per share. Extraordinary General meeting was not held due to insufficient quorum.
The death has occurred of Bazie FINN (née Kierans) The Orchard, Rock Rd, Blackrock, Louth
Bazie Finn née Kierans The Orchard, Rock Rd, Blackrock, Dundalk. 1st July 2018. Bazie beloved wife of the late Brian and dear mother of Anne and Bernice and loving granny of Brian, Francis, Ana and Mario and mother-in-law of Joaquín. Deeply regretted by their daughters, grandchildren, son-in-law, sister Etta, nephews, nieces, relatives and friends.
Reposing at their home from 4pm until 7pm on Tuesday. Removal on Wednesday morning at 10.45am to St. Oliver Plunkett Church, Blackrock for Mass at 11.0'Clock. Cremation afterwards in Glasnevin Crematorium.
May They Rest In Peace.
© J. Scott Applewhite / Associated Press
'At some point, a court might have to step in'
© Drew Angerer/Getty Images
'There's very little precedent for this'
Reports that the FBI's special counsel's team is researching President Donald Trump's pardon power are the latest indication that the Russia investigation is moving into unexplored terrain.Robert Mueller, who was appointed special counsel in May after Trump fired the FBI Director James Comey, is tasked with examining Russia's interference in the 2016 US election, including whether Trump's campaign colluded with Moscow to tilt the race in their favor.Bloomberg reported on Tuesday that Michael Dreeben There is no federal precedent governing those limits, so Dreeben, a veteran Department of Justice attorney who has argued more than 100 cases before the Supreme Court, is most likely digging into state-level cases with elements that could be extrapolated as they relate to Trump's executive authority.Like the president, governors also have the authority to grant pardons - and Renato Mariotti, a former federal prosecutor, told Business Insider that it was possible Dreeben was looking into state-level case law going back to the country's early years to find instances in which a court found a governor's pardon problematic."Dreeben's probably spending all day researching those cases, and he's probably going to find some analogy that Mueller can use" in case Trump issues a preemptive pardon or one that stymies the investigation, Mariotti said.Mariotti added that the revelation was "really something" and one of the biggest developments in the investigation so far.Trump's pardon power became a subject of interest after The Washington Post reported in July that the president had asked their advisers whether they could pardon aides, family members, or possibly themselves as the Russia investigation ramped up.In addition to Trump's campaign, Mueller's investigation also encompasses several of the president's close associates, including their campaign chairperson, Paul Manafort ; their former national security adviser, Michael Flynn ; their senior adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner ; and their son Donald Trump Jr The Constitution grants the president very broad pardon powers relating to federal crimes - something Trump has pointed out."While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us. FAKE NEWS," Trump tweeted in July.Trump's statements and actions indicate that "we have every reason to think that this president will not hesitate to use any means at their disposal to avoid scrutiny of himself, their family, and their inner circle," said Claire Finkelstein, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.The president in August pardoned Joe Arpaio , the Arizona sheriff who was convicted of criminal contempt in July for violating the terms of a 2011 court order in a racial-profiling case. Arpaio was an early and ardent advocate for Trump on the campaign trail, and Trump told a crowd at a rally in Arizona shortly before granting the pardon that Arpaio would be "just fine.""Imagine a circumstance where Trump pardons one of their associates in the Russia probe - that associate is then compelled to testify, but they refuse to do so, they're then held in contempt, and Trump pardons them again," Mariotti said. "At some point, a court might have to step in because the president would be defeating the lawful function of our criminal justice system."Experts are also exploring whether Trump could pardon someone if doing so would fit into a pattern of obstruction of justice Finkelstein laid out a scenario in which parallels could be drawn to the circumstances surrounding Comey's firing in May.The White House initially said Comey was dismissed because of their handling of the investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's use of private email, but Trump later told NBC's Lester Holt that "this Russia thing" had been a factor in their decision.Comey also told the Senate Intelligence Committee in June that before firing him, Trump asked them to drop the Russia investigation and the FBI's inquiry into Flynn, who was forced to resign as national security adviser when it emerged that they had misled the vice president about their contacts with Russians during the transition period.While the president has the power to fire the FBI director, they do not have the right to do so if their intent is to cover up an investigation into whether they or their associates committed misdeeds. Whether Trump had " corrupt intent " when they fired Comey is the basis of Mueller's obstruction-of-justice investigation."One could make a parallel argument here and say that if the president's motive in issuing a pardon is to avoid scrutiny of their or theirs associates' actions, that constitutes an overstepping of their constitutional authority," Finkelstein said.There is, however, one key difference between the two scenarios:Jon Michaels, a professor at the UCLA School of Law, said Tuesday that it was becoming clear that by probing the questions surrounding Trump's pardon power, Mueller's team was "being very strategic" and was "trying to preempt efforts that have the effect of insulating the administration from the investigations."The lengths to which the special counsel's team is going to get ahead of the White House are unusual, said Jens David Ohlin, a vice dean at Cornell Law School who's an expert in criminal law.Mariotti agreed and said that in their long career as a federal prosecutor, they never investigated someone they thought the president might pardon in the middle of the investigation."Think of how rare that is," they said. "These are things we've never seen before. The pardon power is usually used years later, when someone's already served time. So it's unusual - very unusual - for a prosecutor to be considering these questions."It's impossible to know how things would play out if Mueller faced off with Trump over Trump's authority to grant pardons, experts said, because of its unique and broad nature, and because it is written in the US Constitution."It would take a lot for a court to limit the power," Mariotti said. "But this is the sort of crazy situation where it just might happen."
"After six years of war and human carnage in Syria... six years of heartbreak for so many Syrian families... there comes a new horror that must break the heart of anyone who has one,"
"More than 60 children reportedly killed in an attack on a bus convoy yesterday outside Aleppo. A convoy of families who for so long had already known so much suffering. Now the survivors must bear such a new and terrible loss,"
"We must draw from this not only anger, but renewed determination to reach all the innocent children throughout Syria with help and comfort. And draw from it also the hope that all those with the heart and the power to end this war will do so."
"This is one of the worst, most horrifying massacres. We urge our president Assad to help us out. What happened can't be described. Oh, dear God! We don't know what to do,"
WARNING: GRAPHIC VIDEO, WATCH AT YOUR DISCRETION
The UN Children's Fund has condemned the killing of more than 60 children in a recent Aleppo bomb attack targeting evacuees.Lake urged not only for regret, but for action to ensure that the war ends soon, saying,While Syrian state media reported up to 40 fatalities on the day of the blast, on Monday the toll rose to 125 people killed, according to local human rights groups. The attack came at the same time as the Syrian government was carrying out the internationally-brokered evacuation of two towns.The evacuation was continued soon after the attack, for which no one has yet claimed responsibility.
The murderers of a Tennessee teenager who lost their lives heroically shielding a girl from gunfire have been sentenced to more than 300 years in prison, a report says.
The hefty sentences were handed out by Knox County Criminal Court Judge Steven Sword who put convicts Christopher Drone Bassett, Richard Gregory Williams III, and Kipling Deshawn Colbert behind bars for the rest of their lives and beyond, the Daily Mail reported.
Bassett received a life sentence and 35 years, Williams was handed a 143-year sentence, and Colbert was hit with a 109-year term. All three convicted killers are in their twenties and will spend the rest of their lives in prison for the 2015 shooting of 15-year-old local football star Zaevion Dobson.
Dobson was killed when the three shooters unleashed a random fusillade of bullets into the participants of a Knoxville, Tennessee, house party in December of 2015. Dobson was killed attempting to protect a girl at the party who was in the line of fire. Once the shooting began, the teen jumped on top of the girl to shield them from harm. A single bullet ended their lives.
At a press conference after the incident, Knoxville Police Chief David Rausch highlighted the young man's heroism: “Zaevion Dobson, a 15-year-old Fulton High School student and football player, was struck and killed after they had jumped on top of three girls to shield them…to shield them from the shooters.”
Chief Rausch broke down in tears and could not finish their remarks.
An investigation revealed that the shooting was a random act of retaliation for another shooting that occurred early that day.
In what Knoxville police called a “senseless act of violence,” the three now-convicted killers went off in search of a target after 46-year-old Lisa Perry was struck by random gunfire as they sat inside their home.
Perry's son, Brandon, gathered up Bassett, Williams, and Colbert and went in search of someone to shoot in retaliation. They drove until they spotted the house party and decided to begin shooting people at random. After the shooting, the four fled the scene.
Brandon Perry was later found dead in their car after having smashed into an apartment building as they tried to escape the crime scene.
“This was a planned hunting expedition,” Judge Sword said at the sentencing hearing. “There were multiple members of this hunting party looking to make a kill, and the victims they chose were completely innocent kids who were doing nothing more than standing on a porch.”
Lawyers for all three convicted killers said they would file motions for a new trial. The lawyers cited the relative youth of their clients and insisted there was not enough evidence to charge all of them with the same murder. The lawyers also disputed the state's claims that the incident was a gang-related crime.
Even if the Dobson killing is taken off the table for Williams, they are already serving a 36-year term for the attempted murder of a man who was testifying against them in the Dobson case.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
The last thing Guy Boucher wants the Senators to have right now is time off.
Mired in a three-game losing skid, the Senators coach can't do anything about the schedule so he's going to have to live with the newly-mandated five-day break the NHLPA insisted the players get in exchange for participating in the World Cup of Hockey in September.
As a result, the Senators started their holiday Monday with the club mired in a three-game losing skid after a 2-1 loss to the Washington Capitals Sunday night at the Verizon Center.
If Boucher had their way, the players would have been back on the ice Monday at the Canadian Tire Centre trying to find answers.
“I'll be honest with you, when you lose like that, I prefer not to have one and get going and get the next game,” said Boucher following the loss in Washington. “We'll have to wait a week and get back to work.”
The Senators have a lot of areas they can work on — not the least of which is the power play. This is supposed to be Boucher's area of expertise and, sadly, many nights it's been difficult to watch. The club had a pivotal 5-on-3 for a full two minutes Sunday in Washington and generated one shot.
They also had a two-man advantage for 1:16 in a 3-2 OT loss to the Detroit Red Wings on Thursday at home and had a grand total of two shots. The Senators are ranked 22nd on the power play and that's an area that has to improve after the break if they're indeed going to make the playoffs.
The 5-on-3 power play is a particular concern because the Senators aren't even generating chances.
“We're going to have to work on it,” said captain Erik Karlsson, who noted the Senators have done a better job creating traffic in front so the opposing netminder can't see a clear shot. “It's one of those things that's not going well for us right now. We've got to find a way to generate a little bit more.
“Even if we don't score on the chances that we get we've still got to create a lot more than we have in the two that we've had in the last (two) games and we've just got to work on it.”
5W1H: Watch top news with research and latest updates
This is a special segment of 5W1H by Zee News which brings to you news with research and latest updates. Watch this video to know more.
StampNews.com is excited to introduce to our readers' attention the set of six stamps by UNPA featuring a few of the sites found along the Silk Roads that linked the “ancient societies of Asia, the Subcontinent, Central Asia, Western Asia and the Near East, and contributed to the development of many of the world's great civilizations.”
The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) seeks to encourage the identification, protection and preservation of cultural and natural heritage around the world that are of outstanding value to humanity. This is embodied in an international treaty called the Convention concerning the Protection of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage, adopted by UNESCO in 1972.
The Silk Roads were an interconnected web of routes linking the ancient societies of Asia, the Subcontinent, Central Asia, Western Asia and the Near East, and contributed to the development of many of the world's great civilizations. The routes served principally to transfer raw materials, foodstuffs and luxury goods.
However, these vast networks carried more than just merchandise and precious commodities. The constant movement of people, merchants and goods along these routes also brought about the transmission of and exchange of knowledge, ideas, cultures and beliefs, which had a profound impact on the history and civilizations of the Eurasian peoples. The Silk Roads were listed as a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage in 2014.
To accommodate headquarters in three locales (U.S., Switzerland, Austria,) the stamps show architectural treasures in three national denominations: U.S. – Kyrgyzstan (Too Sacred Mountain) and China (Longmen Grottoes); Switzerland (text in French) – Uzbekistan (Historic Center of Bukhara), Turkmenistan (Konye-Urgench, or Kunya-Urgench); and Austrian (text in German) – Iran (Bazaar in Tabriz), and Turkey (City of Safranbolu). The U.S. denominations are 34 cents (Grottoes), which pays the current postcard rate, and 49 cents (Mountain), the first-class domestic rate.
Alice Merton has shared the official video for their latest single, “Lash Out,” the follow-up to mega-hit “No Roots.” In the clip, Merton makes a crowded street their own personal anger room. (You know—those places where you can pay to destroy an entire room with a baseball bat.)
Watch Merton “Lash Out” in the just-shared video!
As Alice says, “Sometimes all you wanna do is smash some cars.”
Merton is currently touring their way through North America. Check out their upcoming dates here.
A 64-year-old lorry driver has been charged with drink-driving after being stopped on the A1 in North Yorkshire.
The driver, from Elland, near Halifax, was stopped on the southbound carriageway of the road near Dishforth at around 10am on the morning of August 4.
Police received information from members of the public that they suspected the driver of a truck had been drinking and was heading south on the A1 from Scotch Corner.
Offices intercepted the truck near Dishforth and the driver was arrested after providing a positive reading on a roadside breath test.
 They are due to appear at Northallerton Magistrates' Court on August 21, according to North Yorkshire Police.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Here are some of the stories we're following for Friday October 6th. 10/6/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Buy Photo Incyte's new 190,000 square foot Global Headquarters in Wilmington houses office and lab space with an expansive roof-top area that has a pickleball court, putting green, walking trail and community gardens. (Photo: Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal)Buy Photo
The third-floor rooftop is home to a pickleball court, a putting green, a walking trail and community green space, all with views of downtown Wilmington.
Incyte, one of the nation's most innovative companies, cut the ribbon Friday at its new, 190,000-square-foot-global headquarters on the Augustine Cut-Off.
Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester referred to the campus as the "Silicon Valley of the East Coast." Blunt Rochester said they once worked at the old Wanamaker building long before it became Incyte's home.
A ceremony hosted by Incyte CEO Herve Hoppenot was attended by employees, politicians and others.
BACKGROUND: Incyte expansion gets approved
MORE: Incyte joins prestigious Standard & Poor's 500 index
U.S. Senators Tom Carper and Chris Coons spoke at the ceremony, along with Hoppenot, Blunt Rochester and a woman from Ohio, who told an emotional story about their myelofibrosis diagnosis and thanked Incyte for its creation of Jakafi, the drug that helped save their lives.
"We're honored and indebted to you," Carper told employees of Incyte. "This is just a building. At the end of the day it's all about you."
MORE: Anti-cancer drug sales push Incyte's revenue past $1B
MORE: State doles out $3M to Sallie Mae; Incyte founder
Incyte, founded in Palo Alto, California, in 1991, is on the forefront of biopharmaceutical research, primarily focused on cancer research.
Hoppenot, along with Cancer Support Community Delaware, announced Friday the establishment of the Incyte Cancer Care Assistance Fund for Delaware. The fund will provide emergency financial assistance for cancer patients, their caregivers and family members living in Delaware.
Incyte has committed to providing a maximum of $100,000 each year to CSCDE over the next 5 years, beginning in 2018.
Contact reporter Jeff Neiburg at (302) 983-6772, jneiburg@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @Jeff_Neiburg.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/money/business/2017/10/06/incyte-moves-forward-expansion-announces-cancer-fund/739603001/
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — A judge has refused to overturn a decision to banish two sisters from their Roman Catholic school in New Jersey after a dispute over one of them wanting to play on the boys basketball team.
Superior Court Judge Donald Kessler on Monday lashed out at the girls' parents for making the dispute public and said the family didn't cite any law that would allow the court to interfere with the religious school's decision.
Cardinal Joseph Tobin testified that they decided not to allow 13-year-old Sydney Phillips and their younger sister, Kaitlyn, to re-enroll because their parents' behavior was not in the best interest of St. Theresa School in Kenilworth.
The dispute began when Sydney Phillips wasn't allowed to play on the boys' team.
The girls' father said it was a “sad day to be a Catholic.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
US President Donald Trump has made it clear that despite the cancellation of their high-level talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, Washington wants to continue "very productive" negotiations with Pyongyang.
The South Korean newspaper Chosun Ilbo has cited well-informed sources as saying that Pyongyang "urged" Washington to lift the anti-DPRK sanctions and establish diplomatic relations with North Korea ahead of the possible bilateral summit.
The sources claimed that representatives of North Korea made it plain that they had already taken steps towards de-nuclearization and are going to move towards complete nuclear disarmament.
READ MORE: Expert Explains How North Korea Nuclear Issue Could Be Solved Without US
"North Korea explained […] that it will not have any reason to possess nuclear weapons if US-North Korean relations are established and hostile policies, including sanctions, are stopped," the sources said.
The sources did not exclude that a positive result of Thursday's meeting between US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and senior North Korean official Kim Yong-chol in New York may add to Pyongyang and Washington signing an agreement on establishing bilateral diplomatic ties.
READ MORE: US Erratic Policy Towards North Korea May Doom Denuclearization — Analysts
The US, for its part, wants North Korea to remain committed to its pledge on full-fledged de-nuclearization, according to the sources.
On Wednesday, The Guardian quoted a high-ranking US State Department official as saying that Pyongyang should hammer out a disarmament plan in the next couple of days, something which the officials said could add to a scheduled summit between Trump and Kim.
In a separate development, the South Korean news agency Yonhap reported that South Korea's President Moon Jae-in may visit Singapore during the US-DPRK summit to sign an agreement on the formal end of the Korean War.
READ MORE: S Korean President: North Korea, US Need Direct Dialogue to Establish Peace
Late last week, the White House delegation arrived in North Korea to hold talks on the preparation for the highly anticipated summit between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Earlier, the White House released Trump's letter informing Kim that the US leader was canceling their meeting in Singapore scheduled for June 12. However, the following day, the US President indicated that they might yet meet the North Korean leader as scheduled or postpone the summit.
EMBED >More News Videos Person speaks on behalf of Anthony Delgado's mother during baby sitter's sentencing.
A Staten Island babysitter who tortured and killed a 17-month-old boy was sentenced to 23 years to life in prison Tuesday.Gloria Fields, 32, previously pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in the death of Anthony Delgado."This defendant deserves to spend the rest of their life in prison for the atrocious and sickening crimes they committed, and today's sentence ensures just that," District Attorney Michael McMahon said. "No family should ever have to experience the loss of a child in this way, and the entire DA's office continues to send our thoughts and prayers to the family of the young victim."Delgado's uncle, Eddie Castro, read a statement on behalf of their mother (standing to the left) in court prior to Tuesday's sentencing."I will never get so see their smiling face," they read. "I will never be able to feed them cheese doodles, which was their favorite favorite food."Delgado was found in cardiac arrest in their apartment building on Steuben Street in the Park Hill section by their grandmother in February of 2016 and was rushed to Staten Island University Hospital North, where they were pronounced dead.Authorities said the child's mother had left them with Fields, who lived in the same apartment building, for a weekend. And over that 48-hour span, Fields and their boyfriend allegedly tortured the boy, beating and shaking them and sodomizing them with a pencil. They slammed or threw them so as to impact their head on a hard surface or object, and also slammed their head into the ground while they were strapped in a stroller.The Medical Examiner ruled they died of blunt force trauma to their head and body.The family applauded as Supreme Court Judge Wayne Ozzie imposed the sentence. But before they did, they confessed, "This is the most disturbing case I've ever presided over. I was watching was you as Mr. Delgado gave their statement. You showed no emotion. It just confirms my belief that you're just depraved in some way."Fields had nine prior arrests, while their boyfriend had 25.Investigators believe the mother used Fields to watch their son at least six times.
Federal Insights: Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud.
Senators shuffle by the desk on Tuesday to cast their votes on the confirmation of Betsy DeVos as secretary of education, chattering like kids returning from summer break to find that everything has changed. Somehow even the victors seem confused. None of them really expected the world to look like this.
Except, maybe, Sen. Jeff Sessions. He's standing toward the front of the Senate chambers, their hands behind their back, at ease. There's a grin on their face. He's just cast what will be their final vote as senator — to confirm DeVos.
Though he's not attorney general yet, they were instrumental in planning the flurry of authoritarian executive orders marking Trump's first weeks in office, including the now-contested Muslim ban. Sessions wanted to go even harder, hoping for a "shock and awe" approach, overwhelming the opposition with the dramatic change of pace.
In a Washington Post story that called Sessions the "intellectual godfather" of "Trump's hard-line actions," the director of a conservative immigration think tank compared the Republican senator to a "guerrilla in the hinterlands preparing for the next hopeless assault on the government" who suddenly learns that "the capital has fallen." With their dark suit, white hair, and wrinkled white peach of a face, Sessions does not look like he's spent much time training in the jungle. But they do seem surprised — stunned almost — that the next vote their colleagues cast will make them attorney general of the United States.
They walk slowly to their seat. Sitting down, they bow their head. Their eyes seem to be closed, as if praying. They bring the tips of their fingers together, facing upward, on their lap. A few moments later, they take out a silver object and holds it gingerly between the first two fingers and thumbs of each hand, almost as if unwrapping foil on a stick of gum. But it doesn't seem to be gum — it's impossible to tell what it is from the press gallery above the Senate floor — and they do not unwrap it, they just fingers it, their head bowed.
Then the vote is called. They put away the silver object. It's 50 to 50.
As expected, Vice President Mike Pence confirms DeVos with a historic tie-breaking vote. It is a huge blow to anyone who cares about competency, public education, or ethics in government. The Democrats spent the last 24 hours complaining about all of these issues, but that doesn't matter now. They have no control. The whole process demonstrated that the new regime can do as it wishes on the Hill.
Across the room, Sen. Al Franken acts like he's charging someone with a podium, making a clear reference to Melissa McCarthy's Saturday Night Live skit satirizing Sean Spicer, the president's communications director and press secretary. Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham sit beside each other talking quietly, as if conspiring or gossiping. McCain says something and sucks their bottom lip. Graham scans the room from left to right. Sessions gets up and looks around the room again before they head toward the door.
When they return to the Senate later that day, Sessions is the nominee under consideration. They sit behind Majority Leader Mitch McConnell while Sen. Elizabeth Warren quotes late Sen. Ted Kennedy, who called Sessions a "disgrace to the Justice Department" during a 1986 confirmation hearing, when Sessions was denied a federal judgeship because of allegations of racism.
Now Warren reads from a letter that Coretta Scott King, the widow of Martin Luther King Jr., sent to the Senate during that same failed confirmation.
"Mr. President. Mr. President," McConnell interrupts, defending Sessions. "The senator has impugned the motives and conduct of our colleague from Alabama, as warned by the chair. Senator Warren said, 'Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of their office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens in the district they now seek to serve as a federal judge.'"
"I call the senator to order under the provisions of Rule 19," McConnell says.
The crazy thing about Rule 19, in this context, is that it was created in 1902, after the notorious white terrorist and Senator "Pitchfork Ben" Tillman beat up a colleague who had defected to the other side of a debate. Tillman founded a group called the Red Shirts, which terrorized African-Americans as Reconstruction bled into Jim Crow. They were an early mentor of white supremacist Strom Thurmond, who, as the chair of the Senate's judiciary committee, was the guy who both smashed Sessions' hopes of becoming a federal judge and the guy who kept King's 1986 letter out of the Senate record. When Warren read the letter, they were correcting Thurmond's 30-year-old error.
So it's grimly fitting that McConnell, who has learned to manipulate the Senate in order to grab control of the judiciary for their party, cites Rule 19 to defend Jeff Sessions, the old-school law-and-order white supremacist who stuck around long enough to make it mainstream again. During the exchange (in which McConnell now famously uttered the iconic sentences "She was warned. They were given an explanation. Nevertheless, they persisted"), Sessions picks their nose, rubbing it with a handkerchief, making sure they get it all, blowing again.
Nearly 24 hours later, McConnell uses the last few minutes of debate to offer a cornpone compliment to their departing colleague, calling Sessions a "true Southern gentleman," like that's an unquestionably good thing, eliding the difficult history connecting Sessions' home state and the fight for civil rights.
Finally, in a Thursday morning ceremony, Pence swears in Sessions, who cites a "dangerous permanent trend" of increasing crime and pledges to end "lawlessness."
Like Sessions, Trump regularly exaggerates the increase in violent crime. They use the occasion of Sessions' swearing in to sign three executive orders that further empower the already vast police state, now overseen by Sessions.
Neither man mentions the epidemic of African Americans shot and killed by police.
"A new era of justice begins, and it begins right now," Trump says.
Baynard Woods is the editor at large at the Baltimore City Paper. They grew up in Columbia and Greenville, SC. They won the Alternative Newsmedia award for Best Column in 2015 for their column, "Conflicts of Interest." Their series, 'Democracy in Crisis,' examines the Trump administration.
Don't forget to give yourself the fast AD FREE Whaleoil experience! Click Here to subscribe to ad-free Whaleoil. (You'll be giving us a present too!)
This March 15, 2018 photo, shows the Tokyo Detention Center in Tokyo. Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a deadly 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes. Or they might not. Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japanâ€™s death penalty system. Tuesday, March 20, 2018 marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars, sickening thousands and killing 13. Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi)
This March 15, 2018 photo, shows the Tokyo Detention Center in Tokyo. Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a deadly 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes. Or they might not. Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japanâ€™s death penalty system. Tuesday, March 20, 2018 marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars, sickening thousands and killing 13. Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi)
TOKYO (AP) - Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a deadly 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes. But when is uncertain. Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japan's death penalty system.
Tuesday marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars, sickening thousands and killing 13. Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all.
The relocation of seven of them to five detention centers outside of Tokyo last week has sparked speculation that executions could be imminent. In Japan, accomplices in a crime are customarily hanged on the same day. Ten of those on death row were convicted for the subway attack, a number beyond the Tokyo detention center's daily capacity.
As with all executions in Japan, when and where they will be killed isn't being released, even to family members and lawyers. The executions won't be announced until they have already happened.
Shizue Takahashi, the wife of a subway stationmaster who died in the gas attack, asked the Justice Ministry for a chance to meet the convicts and witness their executions. "I want to follow through to the very end," Takahashi said at a recent news conference.
Them wish is unlikely to be granted.
Even prisoners sent to the gallows are not notified until guards come to their cells in the morning. After a chat with a chaplain, a last bite or smoke, the prisoner is taken to the gallows.
If all 10 subway attack convicts are hanged, it would be the second-largest number executed on a single day in Japan's modern history. Japan on Jan. 24, 1911, hanged 11 political prisoners who allegedly plotted to assassinate the emperor.
Some survivors of the cult's crimes oppose the executions because that would eliminate hopes for a fuller explanation of the crimes.
Asahara talked incoherently, occasionally babbling in broken English, during their eight-year trial and never acknowledged their responsibility or offered meaningful explanations.
Born Chizuo Matsumoto, they have been on death row for nearly 14 years. Their family says they are a broken man, constantly wetting and soiling the floor in their cell and not communicating with their family or lawyers.
Their 34-year-old daughter, Rika Matsumoto, said they don't understand their punishment and needs treatment so they can recover and talk. "I just want to hear my father explain in their own words," they tweeted recently.
Some of the condemned have expressed regret and contributed to anti-terrorism measures. Shoko Egawa, a journalist who has covered the cult's crimes from early on, has proposed keeping them alive so they can provide lessons to a world facing the growing threat of extremism.
Experts on the cult also warn that if they are executed, the members would be glorified as martyrs by cult remnants, likely bolstering their worship of Asahara.
Founded in 1984, the group attracted many young people, even graduates of top universities, whom Asahara hand-picked as close aides.
The cult amassed an arsenal of chemical, biological and conventional weapons to carry out Asahara's escalating criminal orders in anticipation of an apocalyptic showdown with the government.
The cult claimed 10,000 members in Japan and 30,000 in Russia. It has disbanded, though nearly 2,000 people follow its rituals in three splinter groups, monitored by authorities.
___
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Find their work at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
Three Hurt in Sunday Night Accident
Three people were seriously injured in a two vehicle accident Sunday night on Salem Road. 24 year old Markus Isaiah Titus of Winfield and 20 year old Jordan Patrick Nichting of Salem were airlifted to Iowa City and 17 year old Kajohnique Wamer, also from Salem, was taken by ambulance to HCHC. The accident occurred just before 10 pm at the intersection of Salem Road and Graham Avenue. Titus was driving East on Salem Road and Nichting was westbound also on Salem Road. The Titus vehicle crossed the center line striking the Nichting vehicle head on. The accident remains under investigation by the Iowa State Patrol.
James Alex Fields Jr., a 20 year-old from Ohio, who drove their dark gray Dodge Challenger into a crowd of people protesting a White nationalist march in Charlottesville, Va., on Saturday, August 12 showed a deep interest in Nazism and Adolph Hitler in high school. Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death, according to CNN.
ABC News reported that Derek Weimer, Fields' former world history teacher at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky, said that Fields was “fairly quiet,” “smart,” and also an open admirer of Adolf Hitler and the Nazis.
Weimer also told ABC News that Fields thought the Nazis “were pretty cool guys.”
According to ABC News, “Some of Fields' classmates at the school recalled a trip to Europe a group of students took after graduation in 2015, when they visited the Dachau concentration camp. Two of the students on the trip said when they arrived at the concentration camp, Fields said, ‘This is where the magic happened.'”
The ABC News report continued: “Weimer noted that Randall K. Cooper High School is not particularly diverse, and said that as a result, they didn't have many opportunities to see Fields interact with many non-whites or Jewish people.”
Weimer told ABC News that the student body at Randall K. Cooper High School was about four percent Black.
Last weekend, White nationalists descended on the college town to protest the removal of a statute of Robert E. Lee, the infamous general of the Confederacy.
“A career army officer, Lee didn't have much wealth, but they inherited a few slaves from their mother. Still, Lee married into one of the wealthiest slave-holding families in Virginia—the Custis family of Arlington and descendants of Martha Washington,” the Chicago Tribune reported. “When Lee's father-in-law died, they took leave from the U.S. Army to run the struggling estate and met resistance from slaves expecting to be freed.”
According to the Tribune, “Documents show Lee was a cruel figure with their slaves and encouraged their overseers to severely beat slaves captured after trying to escape. One slave said Lee was one of the meanest men they had ever met.”
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the Associated Press, that they thought their son was attending a political rally, “that had something to do with Trump” and that they tried to stay out of their son's political views.
Media reports have described, Heather Heyer, 32, the lone fatality in Saturday's tragedy, as a paralegal from Greene County, Va, and a supporter of Senator Bernie Sanders (D-Vt.). Heyer was in Charlottesville to protest against the White nationalist rally in Charlottesville.
Charlottesville Mayor Mike Signer called Heyer's killing and the injury of others by a vehicle at a rally in the city a “terrorist attack with a car used as a weapon,” according to ABC News.
In a statement about the violence and the White nationalist march in Charlottesville, Neera Tanden, the president and CEO of the Center for American Progress, said that events over the weekend are another stark and disturbing reminder that violent extremism continues to exist in our neighborhoods and communities.
“All of us at the Center for American Progress condemn in the strongest possible terms the racist and derogatory rhetoric and behavior on display,” said Tanden.
In a statement from their New Jersey golf club, President Donald Trump said that they condemned the “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke said that the White nationalists' protest represented a turning point for this country.
We are determined to take this country back. We're gonna fulfill the promises of Donald Trump. That's what we believed in,” Duke said in a video posted to Twitter. “That's why we voted for Donald Trump because they said he's going to take our country back.”
Facing sharp criticism for the president's initial response to the tragedy, the White House issued a follow-up statement that included a stronger rebuke of “White supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
Tanden said that throughout the campaign and in their brief presidency, Trump has had many opportunities to not just fully distance their administration from those allied with Nazi sympathizers and the KKK but also to denounce them.
“To be clear, there is only one side that wishes to provoke hate and violence, and there is only one side that committed an apparent act of terrorism [in Charlottesville,” said Tanden. “Nazis and White nationalists showed up to cause harm and unrest in Charlottesville. Their racism, hatred, and bigotry have no place in our society.”
Dr. Benjamin F. Chavis, Jr., the president and CEO of the National Newspaper Publishers Association (NNPA) tweeted that the Black Press condemned the racial hatred and violence in Charlottesville.
“Love presupposes justice, equality, freedom, and empowerment. Hate renders only more hatred,” Chavis tweeted.
Echoing Tanden's concerns about the president's dithering remarks about the White nationalist movement, Congressman Cedric Richmond, (D-La.) said that since the campaign, President Trump has encouraged and emboldened the type of racism and violence that occurred in Charlottesville.
“This is a president after all who has two White supremacists working for them in the White House—Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller,” said Richmond. “For these reasons, we weren't surprised President Trump couldn't bring themselves to say the words ‘White supremacy,' ‘White supremacists,' and ‘domestic terrorism' when they addressed the nation' on Saturday. They instead chose to use racially coded dog whistles like ‘law and order' and false equivalencies like ‘many sides.'
Richmond continued: “Where is Attorney General Sessions? Instead of suppressing votes and dismantling affirmative action, they should be working with the Department of Homeland Security to investigate today's crimes. Where is the chairperson of the House Committee on Homeland Security?”
Richmond noted that the CBC urged Congressman Michael McCaul (R-Texas), the chairperson of the House Committee on Homeland Security to investigate this sort of domestic terrorism, months ago.
“As 49 members who represent and are part of a community who has for centuries been victimized by White supremacists, we strongly condemn what happened in Charlottesville,” said Richmond in the statement. “We also condemn the Administration's poor response to it.”
White nationalist James Alex Fields Jr., is accused of driving their Dodge Challenger into a group of people protesting the White supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va. The attack injured 19 and killed Heather Heyer, a paralegal from Green County, Va.
BERLIN (AP) — In a game overshadowed by pyrotechnics, bangers and small fires in the stands, Hertha Berlin beat third-division Hansa Rostock 2-0 in the first round of the German Cup on Monday.
Play was suspended twice in the second half due to fireworks set off by both sets of fans. Hertha supporters lit pyrotechnics shortly after the interval and their Hansa counterparts caused the game to stop again with around 15 minutes remaining when they did the same. Fireworks were shot toward rival fans and some landed on the pitch.
Referee Robert Hartmann led their officials and the players off the pitch, as fires broke out among unoccupied seats with riot police lined up alongside. The game restarted after a break of 16 minutes to the sound of more bangers being set off.
There was a large police presence at the game, considered high risk due to a bitter rivalry between Hertha and Hansa fans.
Hertha left it to late to secure the win. Mitchell Weiser unleashed a brilliant strike which flew inside the far post with five minutes remaining and Vedad Ibisevic sealed the victory in injury time.
___
DYNAMO BERLIN 0 SCHALKE 2
Former East German champion Dynamo Berlin made it difficult for Schalke before the Bundesliga side finally prevailed.
Dynamo, which won 10 successive East German titles between 1979-88 amid allegations of match-fixing and politically influenced favors, fared badly after German reunification and now plays at fourth-tier level. It was previously backed by Stasi chief Erich Mielke.
In front of 14,000 spectators at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark in Berlin, Dynamo did Schalke no favors and the top-flight side was made to sweat before two late goals from Yevhen Konoplyanka finally ensured progress.
Leon Goretzka sent the Ukrainian midfielder through to open the scoring in the 78th minute and Konoplyanka made sure of the win with their second on a counterattack in injury time.
It was Schalke's first win under new coach Domeniko Tedesco, who made headlines last week by dropping Benedikt Hoewedes as captain in favor of goalkeeper Ralf Faehrmann.
Schalke started well and should have gone ahead through Guido Burgstaller before Dynamo got into the game. Matthias Steinborn had the game's best chance before the break when they forced a good save from Faehrmann.
Dynamo goalkeeper Bernhard Hendl produced a brilliant save to deny Goretzka and then another to stop Franco Di Santo before Konoplyanka finally made the breakthrough.
___
OTHER GAMES
Nuremberg beat second-division rival MSV Duisburg 2-1, and third-division Paderborn upset St. Pauli 2-1.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Any guesses on when the snow is going to start falling? We are already halfway through December and we have yet to see a proper snowfall. Although there isn't snow on the ground yet, there are still plenty of shows going on across the greater Denver area this week. Send someone an early holiday present and surprise them with tickets to a show at any one of the many active concert venues within The Mile High City, or send yourself an early present too. Why not both?
Monday, December 11
Recommended: Crazy Town w/ Rooster (Alice In Chains), My Own Summer (Deftones Tribute), Solar, Aloris @ Herman's Hideaway
Remember that 1999 song “Butterfly”? Well, guess what – it's by Crazy Town and they are coming to Denver on Monday to kick off this busy week of December concerts. The Los Angeles ensemble is known for their blend of rock, rap, electronic music and pop. Join them with Rooster, My Own Summer, Solar and Aloris as they all venture down to South Broadway to perform at Herman's Hideaway.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
Jonny Goood and The Tripple O's w/ 5ve @ Ophelia's Electric Soapbox
Matthew Logan Vasquez w/ Kelsey Wilson, Cameron Neal @ Globe Hall
The Colorado Movement Choir @ Soiled Dove Underground
Tuesday, December 12
Recommended: Lady Gaga @ The Pepsi Center
At the very beginning of the year, Lady Gaga released dates for their “Joanne World Tour” which included a Denver stop. Finally, the 10-month wait is over. On Tuesday, Lady Gaga is headlining The Pepsi Center in support of their most recent album Joanne. Gaga is always known to put on a stellar show with all the bells and whistles one would typically expect from the pop star.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
21 Savage w/ YoungBoy Never Broke Again @ The Ogden Theatre
Robb Bank$ w/ G'Hap Gang, Akwa & JTrunninMan, B.Y.Z, Swizzy J @ Summit Music Hall
Hott MT w/ Decollage @ Lost Lake
Panther Martin w/ Couches, Male Blonding, Godchild @ The Hi-Dive
Fareed Haque & Their Funk Bros (Two Sets) @ Dazzle Jazz
6 x 2 x 4: Double Guitar Quartet (Two Sets) @ Nocturne Jazz
Performance High Showcase @ The Walnut Room
Wednesday, December 13
Recommended: La Pompe Jazz (EP Release) @ Dazzle Jazz
If you're looking for a cure for hump day, join La Pompe Jazz as they celebrate the release of their new EP on Wednesday at Dazzle Jazz. La Pompe Jazz is Denver's local gypsy-jazz group and has been performing across the Denver area since 2013. Celebrate local music in the new Dazzle Jazz location in the heart of Denver.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
Sundressed w/ Nominee, Postcards, Birdhouse View @ The Moon Room at Summit Music Hall
Esseks & Champagne Drip w/ Linear Symmetry, Mikey Thunder, Jubee, Special Guests @ Cervantes' Other Side
Fit For A King & In Hearts Wake w/ Like Moths To Flames, Phinehas @ The Marquis Theatre
Sonny Digital w/ Reese La Flare, Black Boe, DJ Fresco @ Larimer Lounge
Sinden @ Bar Standard
Evanescence @ The Paramount Theatre
The Industrial Strength Trio ft. John Gunther @ Nocturne Jazz
The Wolf Howliday Jam @ The Grizzly Rose
Ufer w/ Highway50 @ Globe Hall
Michale Graves @ Herman's Hideaway
Poets & Wolves w/ The Ugly Architect, Adventure Nothing @ Your Mom's House Denver
Thursday, December 14
Recommended: Chris Young w/ Chris Janson, Chris Lane @ 1st Bank Center
On Thursday, country music is taking over The 1st Bank Center with Chris Young leading the charge for the 2017 98.5 KYGO's Christmas Jam. Young's career began over 10 years ago with their release of a self-titled album in 2006 and continued on through 2017 with their most recent release of Losing Sleep. Joining Young are fellow Chris' and country singers Chris Janson and Chris Lane making this a full night of country talent in Broomfield.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
FKJ w/ (((0))) @ The Ogden Theatre
Prayers @ The Bluebird Theater
Tangled & Dark ft. Emily Clark & Friends, Special Guests @ Cervantes' Other Side
ILoveMakonnen w/ Special Guests @ Cervantes' Masterpiece Ballroom
Arsonists Get All The Girls w/ Under Auburn Skies @ The Marquis Theatre
Neyla Pekarek (of The Lumineers) w/ Modern Leisure @ Lost Lake
NIGHTBRUNCH @ The Hi-Dive
Dash Berlin w/ Adam Stark @ Beta Nightclub
Alter Bridge w/ All That Remains, Sons of Texas @ The Paramount Theatre
A Country Christmas ft. Bonnie and The Clydes w/ Whipporwill, Halden Wofford and The Hi*Beams, Ryan Chrys Duo @ The Oriental Theater
Tunnel Out w/ Sounds Like Words @ Lion's Lair
Float Like A Buffalo w/ Dylan Kishner Band, Graham Good and The Painters @ Globe Hall
Timothy B. Schmit w/ Richie Furay @ Soiled Dove Underground
Ryan Viser w/ Impact, Chando, Plaid Hawaii, Lowpro @ Your Mom's House Denver
Friday, December 15
Recommended: Bone Thugs-N-Harmony w/ TOP FLITE EMPIRE, DJ Chonz @ The Fillmore
In the '90s, the rap group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony broke out onto the rap scene and quickly gained traction in the industry. Their unique melodic rap styles put them on the map as one of the top groups of '90s rap. On Friday, Bone Thugs-N-Harmony will be headlining The Fillmore for a night of throwback jams.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats: Annual Holiday Show w/ Flaural @ The Ogden Theatre
Maddy O'Neal w/ COFRESI @ The Bluebird Theater
Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers + The Railbenders @ The Gothic Theatre
Hometown for The Holidays 2017 ft. 888 @ Summit Music Hall
Shwayze w/ Dylan Montayne, Dallas Garcia, Joon Bug, Write Minded @ Cervantes' Masterpiece Ballroom
Steve Kimock and Friends @ Cervantes' Other Side @ Cervantes' Other Side
Saints Of Never After w/ Almost, Maine, The Coast Is Ours, Rain In July, Compliments To The One @ The Marquis Theatre
Nicole Atkins w/ The Milk Blossoms, Thayer Sarrano @ Lost Lake
Don Chicharrón w/ Vic ‘n' the Narwhals, The Corner Girls, DJ Jajarcoté @ The Hi-Dive
Figure + Midnight Tyrannosaurus @ Beta Nightclub
SG Comma What They Like (Single Release Party) w/ J Cruzz Limitless, HA$H, Jazz2kool, NHT Waxx @ The Roxy Theatre
Citizen Dan (Steeley Dan Tribute) @ The Oriental Theater
Gamelan Tunas Mekar @ Dazzle Jazz
Josh D. Reed Quartet @ Nocturne Jazz
Mark Diamond (Late Set) @ Nocturne Jazz
Easton Corbin @ The Grizzly Rose
Tiger Party's Holiday Extravaganza ft. Special Guests @ Ophelia's Electric Soapbox
MOB w/ Screwtape, Noogy, Came & Took It, Bad Decisions @ Seventh Circle Music Collective
Mihali w/ Luke Mitrani @ Globe Hall
Particle @ Be On Key Psychedelic Ripple
Krampus & Kids w/ The Endless Line, Lamb Bed, Television Generation, Gravel, Blunt Force Stereo @ Herman's Hideaway
John Craigie @ Tuft Theatre
Robert Ellis and Courtney Hartman (Songs of John Hartford) @ Daniels Hall at Swallow Hill Music
Red Rocks Local Set @ Red Rocks
Saturday, December 16
Recommended: Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats: Annual Holiday Show w/ The Still Tide @ The Ogden Theatre
One of Denver's hometown heroes, Nathaniel Rateliff, is bringing their annual holiday show back to the Ogden on both Friday and Saturday. Rateliff just celebrated the release of a full-length album recorded at Red Rocks, a venue they have frequented over the last few years. Joining Rateliff and The Night Sweats are fellow Denver musicians The Still Tide which will make this a stellar night for Colorado-grown talent.
Get tickets here.
Also see...
The Railbenders @ The Bluebird Theater
Parade of Lasers 2017 @ The Fillmore
Hell's Belles + Lola Black w/ Sharone & The Wind, Divine Intention @ The Gothic Theatre
Azizi Gibson w/ J-Krupt, FoxGang, Meelo V, Conti, ChiCityChino @ Cervantes' Masterpiece Ballroom
Steve Kimock and Friends @ Cervantes' Other Side @ Cervantes' Other Side
The Anchor + Tonight We Rise w/ Your Own Medicine, Scarless, Blue Mesa @ The Marquis Theatre
Colter Wall @ Larimer Lounge
Alice Merton w/ Nina De Freitas @ Lost Lake
Decemburger 2017 ft. Bongripper, Call Of The Void, Serial Hawk, Weaponizer, Abrams, The Munsens, Weeed, NightWraith, Sceptres @ The Hi-Dive
The Crystal Method w/ Lea Luna, MLE @ Beta Nightclub
Black X-Mas @ The Roxy Theatre
Face Holiday Show @ The Paramount Theatre
Trickpunch w/ The Pitch Invasion, Self Service, Chemical X @ Lion's Lair
Soul Diva Revue @ Dazzle Jazz
Peter Sommer Quintet: Monk Revisited @ Nocturne Jazz
Jack Dunlevie & Thomas Jennings (Late Set) @ Nocturne Jazz
Wes Watkins and Friends (Morning Set) @ Ophelia's Electric Soapbox
Susto + Esme Patterson w/ Tyto Alba @ Globe Hall
Keith Harkin @ Soiled Dove Underground
Particle @ Be On Key Psychedelic Ripple
Best Of The West 9 w/ All Chiefs, Johnny Got Rox, Javier Sepúlveda's Pulse of Nature, Thief River, Snackcakes & Beer @ Herman's Hideaway
Daniella Katzir @ Tuft Theatre
Chris Daniels and Friends @ Daniels Hall at Swallow Hill Music
Bad Bunny @ 1st Bank Center
Sunday, December 17
Recommended: SUSTO + Esme Patterson w/ Downtime @ Globe Hall
To finish out the third week of December, the alt-country rock band SUSTO is hitting up Globe Hall for a two day run on Saturday and Sunday. The band is originally from South Carolina and debuted their first album in 2014. Ever since then, SUSTO has been making moves within the music industry. Joining SUSTO is Colorado favorite Esme Patterson making this show a great blend of talent from across the nation.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
Nathan Palmer w/ Reve Kalell, Connor Ray, KingRyTheFirst, Kayla Rae @ The Bluebird Theater
The Interrupters and Swmrs w/ The Regrettes @ Summit Music Hall
Kyle Lucas @ The Marquis Theatre
Colter Wall @ Larimer Lounge
Made Violent w/ Ugly Sun, Fast Eddy @ The Hi-Dive
M.A.N.D.Y. @ Beta Nightclub
Denver Jazz Orchestra: Andrew Hudson's B-Day Celebration (Two Sets) @ Dazzle Jazz
Wes Watkins and Friends (Morning Set) @ Ophelia's Electric Soapbox
The Score w/ Castlecomer, Chloe Tang (Late Set) @ Ophelia's Electric Soapbox
Jim Dalton (Morning Set) @ Soiled Dove Underground
Want to get this list before everyone else?
Paul Ducklin is a passionate security proselytiser. (That's like an evangelist, but more so!) They live and breathes computer security, and would be happy for you to do so, too. Follow them on Twitter: @duckblog
Bird has won two caps for the All Blacks.
Bird has won two caps for the All Blacks.
TWICE-CAPPED ALL Black lock Dominic Bird was unveiled as one of eight new recruits by beaten Champions Cup finalists Racing 92 on Wednesday.
Bird, 27, will leave the Chiefs and comes in to replace retiring Argentinian veteran Patricio Albacete.
Racing, surprisingly beaten by Castres in the Top 14 semi-final, also announced the signatures of Fijian out-half Ben Volavola from Bordeaux-Begles and a second 10 in Raphael Lagarde from second division club Bayonne.
The duo will vie for a starting place with Scotland's Finn Russell, the big-name replacement for the departing All Black legend Dan Carter and France international Remi Tales, with Springbok Pat Lambie out with a long-term injury.
Club president Jacky Lorenzetti confirmed the arrival of Simon Zebo from Munster and twice-capped France flanker Fabien Sanconnie from relegated Brive.
Also signed up are Dax centre Olivier Klemenczak and 17-year-old Massy flanker Jordan Joseph, currently on duty with France at the U20 world championships, with the hosts facing Ireland tonight.
Yannick Nyanga, who has retired at the age of 34 after 46 caps for France at flanker, has been incorporated as the club's sporting director under the leadership of co-coaches Laurent Labit and Laurent Travers, Lorenzetti said.
Nyanga will join forces with former Racing teammates Chris Masoe and Casey Laulala, two former All Blacks who also saw out the end of their respective careers at Racing but have been taken on as coaching assistants.
© – AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
By ZACH ZORICH
Monday, December 11, 2017
The ship that sank in 65 B.C. off the coast of the Greek island of Antikythera and that once held the famous mechanism that ancient Greeks used to plot the motion of celestial bodies has yielded intriguing new discoveries thanks to a customized metal detector put to use in the 2017 field season. The team turned up a bronze plate decorated with a bull, and an arm from a previously unknown bronze statue, which joins seven to nine other statues previously found at the underwater site. According to the project's codirector Brendan Foley of Lund University in Sweden, who is working in cooperation with Angeliki Simosi, director of the Ephorate of Underwater Antiquities, the new finds hint that there may be even more ancient Greek artwork lying beneath the sand.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Diego Maradona accused England of theft after Gareth Southgate's men experienced a glorious victory against Colombia.
Maradona, the Hand of God who cheated the Three Lions at the 1986 tournament in Mexico, insists Colombia were hampered by poor refereeing decisions.
In a blistering attack on Argentine TV, they claimed that American referee Mark Geiger was out of their depth, that referees' chief Pierluigi Collina should apologise to the Colombian nation for appointing him, and that the penalty given for Carlos Sanchez's grapple with Harry Kane was a foul instigated by the England captain.
Diego said: “I saw a monumental theft. I apologise to all the Colombian people, but they must know the players are not to blame.
“It is the man who decides who the referee is who is to blame. A man like that (Geiger) should not be put in charge of a game of that magnitude.
“With all due respect, Pierluigi Collina, as the man who designates the referees, they are very bad. They must apologise to the Colombian people.
“I told (FIFA president) Gianni Infantino that if I worked for FIFA I would change everything. It has to be transparent. That's why I didn't go there.
“The referee will know a lot about baseball, but they have no idea about football. The Colombian players asked for VAR and they did not give it to them.
“Twice the English threw themselves to the ground and they did not admonish them. This was theft.”
Police increase patrols ahead of World Cup quarter final
Colombia had six players booked – including Wilmer Barrios, who was lucky to escape a red card for their first-half headbutt on Jordan Henderson.
Kane both won and converted the 57th-minute penalty from which England took the lead.
But Colombia forced extra-time thanks to Yerry Mina's header before England prevailed in the penalty shoot-out.
Maradona insisted: “The penalty was not a foul. In fact, it was Kane's fault.
“The referee is looking somewhere else and when they turn their head, Kane is on the floor.
“Kane used their arm to hook Sanchez and then threw themselves down.
“I repeat, why didn't the referee ask for the VAR? Colombia died standing. That's why I applaud them.”
BENGALURU: Congress chief Rahul Gandhi will embark on the third leg of their political campaign in poll-bound Karnataka on Tuesday, where he'll visit a temple, a church and a dargah. This is their third visit to the state after taking over as party chief.
The Congress concluded it's three-day plenary on Sunday, with Rahul Gandhi launching a scathing attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party.
Karnataka Assembly elections 2018 are expected to be held in mid-May. The Election Commission is yet to announce the poll schedule. The Siddaramaiah-led Congress government is fighting incumbency.
In the day-long, the Congress chief will Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts. He'll participate in a 'Janashirvada Yatre' of the party and later address a public meeting at Nehru Maidan in Mangaluru in the evening.
Here's a detailed look at their schedule for Tuesday, March 20:
12:45 hrs: Inauguration of Rajiv Gandhi Political Institute, District Udupi
13:30 hrs: Corner Meeting at Padubidri, District Udupi
15:15 hrs: Swagat at Mulki, District Dakshina Kannada
15:45 hrs: Swagat at Surathkal, District Dakshina Kannada
16:30 hrs: Swagat at Jyothi Circle, Mangalore, District Dakshina Kannada
17:00 hrs: Swagat at Signal Point, District Dakshina Kannada
17:15 hrs: Public Meeting to Nehru Maidan, Mangalore, District Dakshina Kannada
19:00 hrs: Visit to Rosario Church, Mangalore, District Dakshina Kannada
19:15 hrs: Visit to Gokarnanatheswara Temple, Mangalore, District Dakshina Kannada
20:00 hrs: Visit to Ullal Dargah, Mangalore, District Dakshina Kannada
Gandhi had visited Karnataka for the first time after becoming the party chief in December 2017. They later, in the first leg of their campaign, they visited Koppal, Ballari, Raichur, Yadigir, Kalaburgi and Bidar districts. In the second leg of the campaign, they visited Belagavi, Vijayapura, Bagalkot and Dharwad districts.
ATHENS, Ala. (AP) — Authorities say a 5-year-old girl was shot and killed during a New Year's Eve party in Athens.
Local media report that Limestone County Sheriff Mike Blakely says officers went to a home a few minutes after midnight and found the girl shot in the chest.
A news release from the sheriff says investigators determined that a man, identified as Fidel Rodriguez, was suspected of firing several rounds into the yard where the girl was found.
The sheriff says they don't believe at this time that it was an intentional shooting.
The release says Rodriguez left the scene before deputies arrived but was found at their home Sunday morning. They were taken into custody but no charges have been filed.
Gabriel trumpets their case at Midwestern State
Midwestern State University junior running back Nick Gabriel, who was a two-time First Team All-District RB at Ennis, is busting a move
for a starting berth for the Mustangs. The 6'0, 208-pounder rushed for 163 yards on 28 carries as a reserve last season. This could be the year they make a move to earn a first string role. “Camp is going great,” they told The Ennis News this week. “In the first four days I have balled everyday, scoring a few touchdowns too.” Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
Henry County Supervisors Meeting Agenda
AGENDA
August 15, 2017
Approve Minutes
9:00 Jake Hotchkiss, Engineer Weekly Update
9:15 Approve Fee for Medical Examiner Investigator
9:30 John Pullis, Conservation Director
10:00 Midwest Construction Consultants
Presentation for Construction/Project Manager for Law Center & Jail
Other county discussion as time allows
Supervisors Sub-Committee Updates
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
© REX
A woman who was declared dead after a horror car crash was found alive inside a mortuary fridge hours later.Forensic officers were stunned when they pulled the woman out of the fridge and discovered that was still breathing.She had been wrongly pronounced dead by paramedics following the crash, which was thought to have killed three people, on a road near Johannesburg, South Africa.The woman, who suffered severe head injuries, is now in hospital as investigators try to figure out how paramedics made the mistake.Workers at the mortuary in Carletonville had loaded the crash victims into the fridges and were filling in forms when one went to check on the bodies, it was reported.A source told Times Select: "When they pulled out the woman's body, they saw that they were breathing."Paramedics are trained to determine death, not us. You never expect to open a fridge and find someone there alive. Can you image if we had begun the autopsy and killed her?"The woman, from Gauteng province, was rushed to Carletonville Hospital and then transferred to Leratong Hospital in Krugersdorp, where they continued to receive treatment.The crash happened near Carletonville in the early hours of June 24 when a car went out of control and rolled.The car was then hit by an ambulance responding to the incident, it was reported.
Texas Tech announced on Monday that former Keller standout Shelby Henderson is the newest member of the Red Raiders softball team.
Henderson, who won a UIL state title in 2016, transfers after spending the past two seasons at Lamar.
Official!
Help us welcome Lamar transfer Shelby Henderson to the Red Raider family!
https://t.co/q3rLLGqKZi #WreckEm pic.twitter.com/JJvqoa3cDH — Texas Tech Softball (@TexasTechSB) July 2, 2018
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"We are very excited about the addition of Shelby," head coach Adrian Gregory said in a press release. "She is an extremely versatile player that has already had success in the college game and comes with leadership experience gained while they were at Lamar. We believe they will have a direct impact and influence with our young team. We are looking forward to a very bright year."
Henderson started 117 of 121 games in their two years at Lamar. They made 46 starts at first base and 10 at catcher last season and led the Cardinals with a .573 slugging percentage, 14 doubles and 44 RBI, which set a new single season school record.
They were also tied for the team-lead with eight home runs while hitting .327 overall, on their way to a All-Southland Conference second team nod.
Keller catcher Shelby Henderson, center, celebrating a home run with teammates on May 12 against Plano West, and the Indians take on District 5-6A rival Keller Timber Creek in the Class 6A Region I final. Bob Booth Special to the Star-Telegram
Henderson helped Lamar to a 34-31 record during their first-year student season and an appearance in the finals of the National Invitational Softball Championship. They drove in 28 runs.
During their time at Keller, Henderson was a three-time all-district pick. They helped the Indians to the Class 6A state title in 2016 where they earned a spot on the 6A state all-tournament team. They went 2 for 5 with two doubles and two RBIs in the state semifinal game and hit a two-run home run in the state final.
They drove in 53 runs in 2014, which is tied for most all time in program history. Them 15 career home runs are third all time and she's tied for second in career walks with 64.
Henderson is still known for their heroics in the third round of the 2016 playoffs against Plano West. They hit the go-ahead home run in Game 1 and knocked in the walk-off two-run double of Game 3 to send the Indians to the regional semifinals.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the Trudeau government has made a $4.5-billion deal with Kinder Morgan to buy the Trans Mountain Expansion and complete it under a Crown corporation.
This is the largest government intervention since 2009 joined the Ontario provincial government to keep Chrysler and General Motors afloat.
The news broke Tuesday, just two days before Kinder Morgan's deadline for backing out of the project — the company announced on April 8 that it would suspend all “non-essential” spending until an agreement with the B.C. government was reached by May 31.
“It reflects how deeply fossil fuels are in our present culture and society and really shows how difficult it is to make the necessary changes,” says activist Bill Darnell. “We'll have to make changes soon one way or the other and it can either be in the rational, graceful way or the difficult way that means a lot of people are going to suffer as the climate just keeps warming up.”
Darnell is a Vernon local who has been an environmental activist for over four decades. They joined pipeline protesters at Burnaby Mountain on April 28, where they were almost arrested.
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: Politics run deep
Related: Liberal government to buy Trans Mountain pipeline for $4.5B
In March, a B.C. Supreme Court judge granted Kinder Morgan an injunction aimed at preventing protesters from coming within five metres of their work sites — Burnaby Mountain was one. So, when Darnell made the decision to travel from Vernon to Burnaby to protest, they say they went with the intention of defying the injunction but avoiding arrest.
“It was an awful day and it was pouring rain the entire time,” Darnell said, reflecting on their recent trip. “But, there was still probably 50 or 60 of us that defied the injunction that day.”
Protesters march towards the Kinder Morgan injunction line at Burnaby Mountain. (Bill Darnell/ For the Morning Star)
They said they arrived at about 8 a.m. on the morning of April 28. Protesters were then informed on how to act, what to say and had all their questions answered. Then, they said, they made their way to the watch-house of the Tsleil-Waututh First Nations. While some Indigenous nations have signed agreements supporting the project, many more — including the Tsleil-Waututh First Nations — are opposed, citing endangerment of their environmental and land rights.
“We wanted them to know we were coming with respect and that we respect an acknowledgment that it's their territory,” explained Darnell.
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: First Nations remain divided
Protesters were separated into four groups, each carrying large yellow banners as they walked along service road towards the Kinder Morgan gates.
“I was in the first group and we were right against the fence,” Darnell told the Morning Star. “It was at the entrance of the gate so they're more serious about it. I had not planned to get arrested this time.”
Volunteers wearing high-visibility vests are permitted by the police to go back and forth between the injunction line. Everyone else is supposed to obey the court order.
They say that after a few hours, RCMP arrived and read the entire 12-page injunction order. They then give protesters time to consider leaving the site. An hour later, officers returned. Darnell said they didn't ask them to leave but rather ask if there's anything they can do to convince protesters to leave on their own accord. Darnell was first in line which meant they were approached first. They told them no in response, so the officers explained that they were being arrested.
Seeing they didn't want to be arrested, they say a volunteer wearing one of the high visibility vests stepped in. The police accepted this as their recant and allowed Darnell to walk away from the injunction line freely.
“There were claps and cheers and it was pretty powerful to be acknowledged like that because I've been doing this work for a long time — all the way from nuclear weapons testings back in the ‘70s,” said Darnell. “Often you feel that you're sort of a lone voice or a minority in the circumstance because you try and shift the frame and change public opinion but when you're among a group of people who all understand and are supportive and are very appreciative and thank you for [protesting], it's a pretty amazing feeling.”
Related: Vernon group protests Kinder Morgan
Protests like this have continued every weekend since Darnell attended last month. After learning that the government has made a deal with Kinder Morgan, they say he's confident that protests will continue and, with the provincial and Indigenous cases underway, they think it's still unlikely that it'll be built.
“I think there will be a pause for a moment to figure out what happens now but I don't think anyone's giving up,” said Darnell. “I still think it's not going to get built but there's going to be a lot more struggle and a lot more people are going to suffer unnecessarily, but I still think we can stop it.”
They say that they'll be more opportunities to be arrested. They explained that the reason they didn't want to get arrested this time was that they are visiting their grandchildren in Toronto in September and doesn't want to have to fly back and forth for court dates. Though, they say that the issue is two-fold. Firstly, they say that the federal government supporting the expansion without the consent of all Indigenous communities will set reconciliation efforts back decades. Secondly, they say, it's detrimental to the environment. Darnell calls this the grandfather perspective.
“I didn't want to get arrested but I wanted to defy the injunction to say that I'm opposed to it — both to the world but also to myself,” Darnell added. “I won't be around for the worst of it but what about my grandchildren and my great-grandchildren?”
They say he'll continue to protest for them.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com.
@BrieChar
brieanna.charlebois@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
By The Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) — Oscar-nominated writer Joe Bologna died Sunday. They were 82.
Bologna died in the Los Angeles area after a three-year battle against pancreatic cancer, their manager Matt Sherman told The Associated Press.
The actor and director was married to actor Renee Taylor, who credited their doctors for prolonging their life so they could receive a lifetime achievement award at the Night of 100 Stars for the Actors' Fund of America on Feb. 26.
“He had a beautiful life,” Taylor said in a statement.
Born Dec. 30, 1934, Bologna was a native to Brooklyn, New York. After they graduated from Brown University with a degree in art history, Bologna served in the Marines.
Bologna and Taylor married in 1965.
“Joe was a loveable man, a kind soul, a good friend and always a pleasure to be with,” Sherman said.
Bologna was nominated for an Oscar in 1971 for best adapted screenplay for “Lovers and Other Strangers.” They won an Emmy in 1973.
They had a string of television appearances, but they were best known for the 1982 comedy “My Favorite Year.”
Bologna was a voice actor for the 2006 animated film “Ice Age: The Meltdown” and had a role in the 1999 Adam Sandler comedy “Big Daddy.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Lower Skunk River Watershed Project to Hold Operation/Implement & Bioreactor Field Day
On September 7th, 2017, starting at 10 AM, the Lower Skunk River Watershed Project will be hosting an operation/implement tour of Steve Berger's farm in Wellman, Iowa with a tour of an established bioreactor site on Rob Stout's farm outside of West Chester, Iowa. After the tour and discussion with Steve, a free lunch will be provided and served by Washington County Iowa Pork Producers. After lunch we will travel to Rob Stout's bioreactor site to discuss data collected by Iowa Soybean Association regarding nutrient reduction by the bioreactor since its installation. Both Steve and Rob have a vast history in cover crop usage and conservation practices and have been speakers at numerous events across the state.
A FREE charter bus ride will be available to those in the southeast Iowa area. The bus will pick up at the E3 Center parking lot, across from Aldi's, in Mount Pleasant at 8:30 AM and will return before 4 PM that afternoon. SEATING IS LIMITED for the bus ride! Reserve your seat TODAY! For more information, special accommodations and/or to RSVP for the bus ride and/or lunch, please contact Miranda Haes, Project Coordinator @ 319-385-2824 ext. 3 OR miranda.haes@ia.nacdnet.net by September 5th, 4 PM.
This field day is being sponsored by Iowa Pork Producers Association, Iowa Corn Growers Association & Practical Farmers of Iowa.
Location information: Steve Berger Farm – 1267 Elm Avenue, Wellman, Iowa
Rob Stout Bioreactor Site – South of West Chester, on the corner of 230th St & Hemlock Avenue
The Lower Skunk River Water Quality and Soil Health Initiative Water Quality Initiative project consisting of 5 HUC 12 watersheds. The project area encompasses sections of Henry, Lee, Jefferson and Van Buren Counties. Its purpose is to carry out the Iowa Nutrient Reduction Strategy and Water Quality Initiative by implementing specific nutrient reduction practices. For more information on the Iowa Nutrient Reduction Strategy and Water Quality Initiative, visit www.cleanwateriowa.org.
Partnering with Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship
And Natural Resources Conservation Service
Gov. Murphy wants to tax N.J. millionaires. What would that mean?
Gov. Murphy wants to tax N.J. millionaires. What would that mean? Mar 13
Cosby retrial: Judge to let prosecutors call 5 more accusers to testify
Cosby retrial: Judge to let prosecutors call 5 more accusers to testify Mar 15
Laura McCrystal covers everything about taxes, government revenue, and how such policies impact people in Philadelphia and beyond. They previously covered news in Montgomery County, including Bill Cosby's trial.
Bill Cosby exits the Montgomery County Courthouse after a pretrial hearing in a sexual assault case Tuesday, March 6, 2018 in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby's retrial on sexual assault charges will be delayed a few days past its scheduled start, a Montgomery County judge ruled Monday.
The shift will allow for two additional days of pretrial hearings, Judge Steven T. O'Neill wrote in their order. The court will hold those hearings March 29 and 30, when jury selection had been scheduled to begin.
Jury selection will now begin in Norristown on April 2, which had been set as the opening day of the trial. The jurors will come from Montgomery County.
Also Monday, O'Neill turned down a request from Cosby's lawyers to further delay the trial. They had sought a delay to prepare for testimony from five additional women who have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct. O'Neill also denied an emergency request to appeal their decision to allow five accusers to testify.
Cosby's first trial, which ended with a deadlocked jury in June, included testimony from just one accuser in addition to Andrea Constand, whom Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting at their home in Cheltenham Township in 2004.
Cosby, 80, is charged with aggravated indecent assault.
The Fog of Phony War
America's New (Phony) National Defense Strategy
Solutions to Sitzkrieg
INTRUST BANK ARENA, Wichita, Kan.— An Air Force and Marine team member fight over a puck during in inter-service hockey game February 11, 2017. The teams were comprised of both active duty, reserve, and retired military personnel.. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Debrah Sanders, 366th MPAD)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 22:51 Photo ID: 3165543 VIRIN: 140211-A-QR450-001 Resolution: 1800x1200 Size: 140.67 KB Location: WICHITA, KS, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Exhibition hockey brings servicemembers together [Image 1 of 5], by SGT Debrah Sanders, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
SALEM, Mass. (AP) - A Salem, Massachusetts-based organization called The Satanic Temple is accusing Twitter of discriminating against it on religious grounds.
Satanic Temple founder Lucien Greaves filed a complaint in March with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination, saying Twitter wrongly suspended its accounts after someone tweeted a threat to the organization. The Boston Globe reports Twitter has restored the accounts but without the "verified" status Greaves wants.
An attorney for Greaves says the standards used by Twitter to determine its suspensions and verifications of users is colored by its favoritism toward groups that share the social network's views.
Twitter says an account is verified if it's determined to be of public interest.
The Satanic Temple's building is zoned as an art gallery and is open to the public with art installations, lectures and film screenings.
___
Information from: The Boston Globe, http://www.bostonglobe.com
There are a few military shows premiering on TV this fall, but The CW's Valor is setting itself apart with an underlying conspiracy.
Matt Barr (Harper's Island) and Christina Ochoa (Blood Drive) star in the new series as Captain Leland Gallo and Warrant Officer Nora Madani, elite helicopter pilots covering up a rescue mission that goes drastically wrong. The series will explore the pressures and high emotions of being an elite agent in the military while battling post traumatic stress disorder and trying to solve a government conspiracy.
TV Guide talked to Barr and Ochoa at the Television Critics Association summer press tour about preparing for their roles and how they're adding extra drama to one of the most high-stress careers.
Matt Barr and Christina Ochoa, Valor
How much is the mystery of this show going to play into the season? Will we have an answer by the end of the season?
Christina Ochoa: The storyline of the conspiracy and what happens with whole failed rescue mission in Somalia kind of establishes not just the plot line for the majority of Season 1 but kind of where they are as characters. Nora and Gallow share a big secret and went through very high stakes and a near death experience. That brought them much closer as we see in episode 1. We'll get to see much more throughout the season.
Matt Barr: I like that it set up this whole puzzle for the audience. It's very engaging for an audience member to put it together week to week. In the end there's a big pay off.
Valor Is Different From Other Military Dramas in One Big, Refreshing Way
Nora and Gallow are really drawn together by this situation. What do you think about their personalities really pulls them towards each other?
Ochoa: I would describe Nora and Gallow as a very well-oiled machine.
Barr: They do! They finish each other's sentences. They're this little in sync symphony in the cockpit. It's essential for what they do. It's very bonding too. I think the residual of that is flowing into their personal lives. They're trying to really identify if that goes beyond the cockpit.
Ochoa: To be in these elite, covert ops missions and to be in these units, they have to be at high-level competence and be on their game at all times. It's something that's watching two characters high-functioning at that level with very distinct personality traits is interesting.
Barr: It's definitely a certain breed of people that do this job. They are both chasing something and are probably still finding out what that is.
Trump-Era TV Is Here, With God, Guns and Glory
Is this a couple we should be rooting for? It is very complex.
Barr: It's tough because it creates this love triangle. Christina's character is in a serious relationship with a great guy. He's a stiff...
Ochoa: Ian has their charm! He's played brilliantly by Charlie Barnett and honestly, the relationship is something that we'll see play out a lot. That conflict for them with what Gallow presents as their partner, their confidant and their superior, which adds a lot of interesting layers, versus what they have at home with Ian, which is very comforting, loving and trustworthy up until now. Now they have to keep these secrets from him. We'll get to explore that love triangle a little bit.
Nora has a really cool way of de-stressing, which is the drums. Did you already know how to play?
Ochoa: I did not know how to play the drums before the pilot. I was thrown in to some drumming lessons and loved every second of it. It is a big destresser once you get into it. Just banging on the drums is an incredible release. To parallel what we talk about in the pilot, your hands and feet move independently. They move in different rhythms so coordination was a big deal. It is a big deal for Nora, obviously.
Gallow: Nora drums and Gallow just drinks. They drink and finds their way into different bedrooms. They have different coping mechanisms than Nora. You have to live hard to be hard, you know?
Watch the Trailer for The CW's Military Drama Valor
Did you guys do any training to get into this world and these characters?
Barr: We met at our first helicopter lesson. We have a great technical advisor Dan Laguna who not only helped us navigate the cockpit, which is its own world -- it's a different language, but just all the progressions that you would go through so we'd have the right composure and hopefully give us a chance to improvise too.
Ochoa: Physicality is so important to us to be able to portray these characters as with any role. How they move is different. For me, rhythm plays a big role into these characters and for me as an artist that's important. How do they sit? How do they stand? How do they walk? How do they run? How do they train? All of those questions come to mind as soon as we get a script and a character to play with.
Barr: It's like a golfer. You can tell if it's a good golfer by the way they swing. It's smooth. It's fluid. There's a finesse to it. I was surprised by how much finesse there was even to a soldier like Luke. The subtle thing really sells the authenticity of it.
The CW Sets Fall Premiere Dates
What was the craziest thing you learned during the training for this show?
Ochoa: Some of the rules within the military are the most surprising thing we learned, at least I did. I was not as familiar with that world I think. Everything that comes with that world and that hierarchy. Nora and Ian can't touch when they are in uniform and on the base. PDAs are frowned upon and not allowed... Special ops, their elite special treatment within the military were the things that were most surprising to me, that world and that culture.
Barr: I would say just how insanely difficult flying a helicopter really is. It is very, very hard. I have a lot of respect for pilots.
Valor premieres Monday, Oct. 9 at 9/8c on The CW.
(Full disclosure: TV Guide is owned by CBS, one of The CW's parent companies)
SRH put up the worst batting show of IPL 2018 on Tuesday when MI bundled them out for 118 in 18.4 overs at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Before this, the lowest total in this season belonged to RR, who scored 125/9 against SRH.
Mitchell McClenaghan (2/22) triggered the collapse with two wickets in the second over of the SRH innings, after Rohit Sharma won the toss and asked the visitors to bat.
Mayank Markande once again was the pick of the MI bowlers with figures of 2/15. Hardik Pandya (2/20) also took two wickets, while Mustafizur Rahman and Jasprit Bumrah chipped in with one wicket apiece. The effort got Markande back in possession of the Purple Cap with 10 wickets.
SRH captain Kane Williamson (29 off 21) and Yusuf Pathan (29 off 33) were the only batsmen who put up some resistance before falling to Hardik and Rahman, respectively.
SRH never recovered from the top-order collapse in the Powerplay triggered by MI's New Zealand recruit McClenaghan, who struck twice in their first over.
Shikhar Dhawan's (5) return to the SRH XI didn't last long on the pitch as the left-hander edged McClenaghan onto their stumps while attempting a drive, which looked half-hearted at best - probably because of the previous delivery that Dhawan inside-edged onto their knee for a painful blow.
SRH's No. 3 Wriddhiman Saha (0) lasted just two balls as they chased a ball pushed across them by McClenaghan and edged it to MI wicketkeeper Ishan Kishan without troubling the scorers. The score at that stage read 10/2 in two overs.
Manish Pandey (16) began on a promising note yet again hitting McClenaghan for two fours in an over, both on the up, beating the ring of fielders on the off-side. But their stay ended on a soft note as they came out to hit Hardik Pandya but couldn't get the elevation to beat MI captain Rohit in the covers.
The mix-up in the sixth and last Powerplay over sent SRH's start further down the hole as Williamson sold Shakib Al Hasan (2) a dummy after calling them for a quick single. Shakib, who had run halfway down the crease, gave up even before Suryakumar Yadav took aim and then threw the stumps down direct at the non-striker's end.
The Powerplay ended with the scoreboard showing 51/4 that left SRH with a big repair job on hand, at which they failed miserably.
Officials from Dubai's state transport authority have announced that they aim to have hover-taxis up and running by July this year, with passengers able to get around at an altitude of 300 metres (1,000 feet), and at speeds of up to 100 km/h (60 mph).
The vehicle they're banking on, called the EHang 184, actually merges two of the biggest advancements in transport in recent years - hovering and self-driving technology.
The idea is that passengers will program their destination at the start of the ride, and the hover-taxi will get them there - no driver required.
The EHang 184, built by Chinese drone manufacturer EHang, has been in development since 2013, and was on display this week at the World Government Summit 2017 in Dubai.
"The autonomous aerial vehicle exhibited at the World Government Summit is not just a model," director general of the Dubai Road and Transport Authority, Mattar al-Tayer, told reporters.
"We have already experimented [with] the vehicle in a flight in [the] Dubai sky."
Al-Tayer also mentioned at the event that the Dubai Transport Authority was "making every effort to start the operation of the autonomous aerial vehicle in July 2017", in response to current traffic congestion issues.
Of course, we've seen many flying and hover car concepts come and go over the past few years, breaking our hearts every time their big promises of changing the face of transport forever fail to bear out, so we have to remain skeptical until this thing is actually in operation.
But having also recently signed on with US-based company, Hyperloop One, to figure out if constructing a near-supersonic rail link from Dubai to the Emirati capital Abu Dhabi is feasible, the local government does appear to be fully committed to trying new things when it comes to transport.
The state has recently announced plans to ensure that quarter of its transport is self-driving by 2030, and also signed on to purchase 200 self-driving taxis from Tesla at the World Government Summit this week.
According to an AFP report, the EHang 184 is a small quadcopter drone powered by eight propellers. It can travel on a programmed course at 100 km/h (60 mph) at an altitude of 300 metres (1,000 feet), and can carry a single passenger at a time.
The vehicle is about 1.5 metres tall (5 feet), weighs approximately 200 kg (440 pounds), and can recharge in 2 hours.
In its capacity as a Dubai taxi, it will make trips to a set list of destinations up to 30 minutes away - roughly 16 km, or 10 miles - from the hover-taxi rank.
"Passengers don't need to learn how to fly it, they don't need to get to a pilot's license," EHang co-founder Derrick Xiong told Aaron Tilley at Forbes last year.
"They just need to press a button and then it vertically takes off, flies from point A to point B, and lands."
As Tilley reports, the Ehang 184 operates with a fail-safe system that will automatically land the vehicle if it senses that any component is damaged or not functioning properly.
"EHang will also have a command centre that employs people to make sure everything is safe - sort of like an air traffic controller at an airport," Xiong told him.
"The command centre will monitor every 184 in the air 24/7, and the company plans integrate with existing air traffic controller operations."
This means that it will be up to the discretion of safety advisors if weather conditions on any given day are safe enough for flight.
One concern Tilley pointed out is, at the time of reporting in June 2016, the 184 wasn't equipped with the same kind of sense-and-avoid technology that self-driving cars on the road in the US have.
They speculate that this could pose a safety risk, but hopefully that's something the Dubai authorities have investigated.
As with all things tech, we'll have to see the great hover-taxi up and running before we believe it. But we're excited all the same to see if it gets off the ground, so to speak.
Maybe 2017 will be the year that we finally reach 'the future', and get the flying cars we were always promised.
Here's some footage of the EHang 184 from CES in June 2016:
By The Associated Press
Tampa Bay Toronto ab r h bi ab r h bi Dckrson lf 5 0 0 0 J.Btsta rf 1 1 0 0 Duda 1b 4 0 2 0 Dnldson 3b 4 1 2 2 Lngoria 3b 4 0 1 0 Smoak 1b 4 0 0 0 Mrrison dh 4 0 0 0 Morales dh 4 0 0 0 Sza Jr. rf 3 0 0 0 Pearce lf 3 0 1 0 B.Mller 2b 3 0 0 0 Carrera pr-lf 0 0 0 0 W.Ramos c 3 1 1 1 Goins ss 4 0 0 0 Bourjos cf 2 0 0 0 Pillar cf 3 0 1 0 M.Smith ph 1 0 0 0 R.Lopez c 3 0 0 0 Dan.Rbr ss 2 0 0 0 Rfsnydr 2b 2 0 1 0 Aoki ph 1 0 0 0 Barney 2b 0 0 0 0 Totals 31 1 4 1 Totals 29 2 5 2
Tampa Bay 010 000 000—1 Toronto 200 000 00x—2
LOB_Tampa Bay 9, Toronto 7. 2B_Donaldson (15). 3B_Pearce (1). HR_W.Ramos (4), Donaldson (17).
IP H R ER BB SO Tampa Bay Odorizzi L,6-6 6 3 2 2 3 4 Romo 1 1 0 0 0 0 Boxberger 2-3 1 0 0 1 0 Jennings 1-3 0 0 0 0 0 Toronto Tepesch W,1-2 6 4 1 1 3 0 Loup H,4 1 2-3 0 0 0 1 3 Osuna S,30-37 1 1-3 0 0 0 0 1
Tepesch pitched to 2 batters in the 7th
HBP_by Tepesch (Robertson), by Tepesch (Bourjos).
Umpires_Home, Dan Iassogna; First, Tripp Gibson; Second, Lance Barksdale; Third, Eric Cooper.
T_2:54. A_32,151 (49,282).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Haryana government on Sunday said 100 wrestling mats will be provided to ‘akhadas' in the state following the success of Aamir Khan's film Dangal, based on wrestling.
Dangal highlights the struggle of a wrestler father to train their daughters into international champions.
Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar, who met wrestling champions Geeta and Babita Phogat and their coach-father Mahavir Singh Phogat, on whose lives film Dangal is based, to honour them, also said that their government has set up a committee led by the Chief Secretary to streamline the process of giving employment to the state's outstanding sportspersons.
They said that based on the recommendations of this committee, a new policy for sportspersons would be formulated. Geeta and Babita are ace wrestlers who hail from Balali village in Charkhi Dadri district.
Khattar, on this occasion, also gave the first-ever “cashless Shagun” to Geeta Phogat who got married recently.
Police are appealing for information on a serious assault.
Police are appealing for information on a serious assault. Paul Donaldson
POLICE are appealing for anyone who has information about a serious assault which occurred around 1am on Saturday September 30.
Four people were leaving the Lismore CBD when they were set upon by another group of people in Magellan Street, Lismore near the intersection of Cathcart Street.
The four victims were all treated at Lismore Base Hospital for their injuries.
Police believe the offenders where connected to a significant number of people attending an unregistered party in Hamptons Street, Lismore.
Information can be provided to Crime Stoppers 1800 333 000.
Police are reminding people if having a party, register it at http://www.police.nsw.gov.au/online_services/party_safety/register_my_party.
A day after an apparent deranged man blamed their longtime partner for provoking the point-blank shooting of an elderly man on Facebook, the woman at the center of the controversy breaks their silence about the accused gunman.
In an email to CBS News, Joy Lane, the longtime partner of Steve Stephens, apologized for the events that transpired and described them as kind and generous.
“We had been in a relationship for several years,” Lane writes to CBS. “I am sorry that all of this has happened. My heart & prayers goes out to the family members of the victim(s). Steve really is a nice guy… they are generous with everyone they know. They were kind and loving to me and my children. This is a very difficult time for me and my family Please respect our privacy at this time.”
Despite that glowing portrait, Stephens allegedly filmed themselves walking up to 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr., and shooting them at point-blank range, leaving the family reeling from the loss and shocking social media users who witnessed the event on Facebook before it was removed on Easter Sunday.
“He was a good guy. They would give you the shirt off their back,” Robert Godwin Jr. tells WOIO. “I'm not just saying that for these cameras. … This man, right here, was a good man and I hate that he's gone.”
Godwin Jr. says the family shared Easter dinner shortly before their father was slain, writes CBS.
We pray for the family and that Godwin Sr. rests in peace.
SOURCE: CBS NEWS, WOIO
SEE ALSO:
‘I Hate He's Gone:' Family Mourns Victim Of Cleveland Facebook Live Killing
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Copyright 2018 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
SCOTT SIMON, HOST:
It's Saturday. Is there a Justice Department Saturday night massacre in the offing? Of course, that's when President Nixon in 1973 ordered the attorney general to get rid of the Watergate special prosecutor. When that person resigned in protest, Nixon went to the next line - the next in line. That person also resigned until Nixon finally found somebody who would do it.
John Dean, of course, is part of that history, President Nixon's former White House counsel. They went on to testify what they knew about Watergate, cut a plea deal for a reduced sentence, got out of prison and has gone on to become a kind of expert in presidential abuses. Thanks for being back with us, Mr. Dean.
JOHN DEAN: Thank you, Scott.
SIMON: You tweeted, quote, "Nunes memo is a total fraud." Why do you think that?
DEAN: (Laughter) I saw your retweet or notice of it go by on my machine just now. Well, I think it fizzled. It fizzled for a number of reasons. First of all, it had really very little to say with - there was no charge of wrongdoing in the memo toward anybody. There were implications. There were hints. But it didn't mention the legal standard. It didn't mention the standard had been broken, which is intentional or negligent false statements being put into the application. That didn't even get close to that level. So I think all he's managed out - Nunes has managed to do is to release a little more of the putrid McCarthyism that was in the air yesterday.
SIMON: And why do you say McCarthyism?
DEAN: Well, it's very reminiscent. You know, here I have this document. This document will name people. And they named people, and the charge was pretty pathetic (laughter).
SIMON: Do you think, Mr. Dean, that any investigation can come out of the House or Senate or, for that matter, Mr. Mueller's investigation that will have credibility with the American people where - I'll put it this way - where it's most needed - people who are skeptical of all this investigation.
DEAN: I think it could come out of the Senate. In their work, they seem to be highly bipartisan, working together, trying to get answers. So what they come up with is likely to be a bipartisan report. They're certainly working towards that. As far as the Mueller investigation, I don't see any partisanship there at all. They're trying to dig in and find out if there has been criminal wrongdoing. And if that has happened, they're going to deal with the appropriate charges or no charge.
SIMON: Based on your experience, do you think it's possible that anybody working in the investigative process, for investigative agencies will be intimidated or discouraged from pursuing an investigation because they just don't want their name dragged into a memo that might get revealed?
DEAN: Well it's not been the people working on the investigation as much as almost noncombatants getting dragged in, which is highly unfair and improper - to put people who are not targets, who are people who have not done anything wrong and just to pull them in and say - make some charge. They're defenseless, really, in dealing with it. That's been the unfair part.
SIMON: You must know that, I guess, George Papadopoulos - their fiance has referred to them as...
DEAN: (Laughter).
SIMON: I guess you do know.
DEAN: (Laughter).
SIMON: As a John Dean. I wonder how you feel about that.
DEAN: Well, you know, I did hear that comment when they made it. She's pretty young. I don't know how familiar they are with history. That's a rough road to hoe. I don't know if they are prepared to do it. I don't know if they have enough knowledge to do it. If their spirit is in that direction, I'm encouraged that he's certainly going to tell it the way it was from what they do know. And hopefully, they can shed some light on it and help you know, end it. Maybe they did work internally to bring it to a close. So we'll have to see.
SIMON: Is there a lesson from what not only you but the country went through in Watergate - is that it's sometimes just best to leave the investigative apparatus where it is, that firing people just hastens an investigation?
DEAN: Refusal to turn over information that, ultimately, the courts are going to force you to turn over, name calling of investigators and trying to undercut them by discrediting them does not work. There was - that was done during Watergate by Nixon. "The Hill" - it was pretty straightforward in its inquiries. There was no Republican assistance to Nixon, but there were conversations behind closed doors and on the telephones - quiet and secret conversations but really very little overt activity. So the process played out as it normally should've.
SIMON: John Dean, thanks so much.
DEAN: Thank you, sir. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
French luxury designer Christian Louboutin announced the launch of an exclusive collection of shoes and small leather goods created of handcrafted sari fabrics from the archives of Indian designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee.
“Indian handicraft is the best of the best in the world. The luxuriance of Indian workmanship is at the maximum. I would love the world outside of India to love it as I do,” Louboutin said in a statement.
The two met in Sabyasachi's Mumbai boutique and that led to an immediate connection followed by sharing an adoration of India's culture, exquisite craftsmanship and love of food.
“India has been at the heart of luxury since the age of the Maharajas. Working with Christian revisits that couture tradition, connecting our handicrafts with their eclectic point of view to create bespoke delights for cultural magpies,” said Sabyasachi.
Women's shoe styles include an exquisite thigh-high boot crafted with delicate leather strips designed to harness and highlight the leg. Aptly named ‘Tall and Deep,' very few pairs will be available worldwide as an exclusive, made-to-measure item.
For men, Louboutin chose to revisit select iconic styles from their collections. The ‘Dandelion' loafer received the Sabyasachi magic touch with an embroidered toe-cap recalling traditional Indian wedding shoes while ‘Louis Junior' is transformed into an incredibly rich patchwork of motifs and colours.
The ‘Piloutin,' an evening bag designed to look like a precious pillow, was created from Sabyasachi sari ribbons collection. As a declaration of love to the glamorous Bollywood actores dressed in Sabyasachi, an adorable Poupette handbag charm was created to complement the bags, adorned with embroidered ribbons and crystals, said a statement.
The two associated first in July 2015, when Louboutin conspired to create the extraordinary shoes that walked the runway of Sabyasachi's annual couture show held in Mumbai, followed again in October 2016, with a small number of exquisite handbags added to pair with the shoes.
The collection will launch exclusively at Harrods, next Thursday, October 11.
Market Scenario:
The global Wi-Fi as a service market is showing immense growth; mainly due to the growing demand for centralized management and remote troubleshooting. With the advancements in technology, Wi-Fi as a service also allows faster deployment and end to end visibility. Low total cost of ownership is another major factor driving the growth of Wi-Fi as a service market. According to a recent study report published by Market Research Future, The global market of Wi-Fi as a Service is booming and expected to gain prominence over the forecast period. The market is projected to demonstrate a spectacular growth by 2023 with a striking CAGR during the anticipated period (2017 – 2023).
Increasing demand for Wi-Fi as a Service Market is being driven by the modernization and development of infrastructure such as smart cities is one major factor driving the growth of Wi-Fi as a Service market. Increasing need for low capital expenditure and growing demand for centralized management and remote troubleshooting are major factors driving the growth of Wi-Fi as a service market. Also, growing need for energy-efficient lighting systems is another major factor responsible for fuelling the market growth. Technological advancements and growing proliferation of BYOD and mobility is boosting the growth of Wi-Fi as a service market. Also, increasing demand for Wi-Fi as a service from various end users sectors such as educational institutions, retail outlets, and hospitality is another major factor driving the market growth. The Wi-Fi as a service market is highly competitive due to the increase in implementation of cloud based technologies and increasing developments in the field of internet of things.
Indoor user location sub segment is expected to hold the largest market share of the Wi-Fi as a service market. This is owing to the increasing demand for cloud access points at indoor user locations from sectors such as educational institutions, retail outlets, and hospitality. On the other hand, lack of awareness and cloud connectivity failure are major factors hindering the growth of Wi-Fi as a service market. Also, security and privacy issues are other factors that may hamper the growth of Wi-Fi as a service market.
The Wi-Fi as a Service market size is projected to raise from USD 1 Billion in 2016 to USD 5 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 38% throughout the calculation period.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2355
Major Key Players:
Cisco Systems Inc. (U.S.)
Telstra Corporation Limited (Australia)
Rogers Communication Inc.(U.S.)
Singapore Telecommunications Limited(Singapore)
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company(U.S.)
Fujitsu Limited(Japan)
Big Air Group Limited(Australia)
Ruckus Wireless(U.S.)
IPASS Inc.(U.S)
Zebra Technologies Corporation(U.S.)
Study Objectives of Global Wi-Fi as a Service Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the global Wi-Fi as a services market.
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
To analyze the global Wi-Fi as a service market based porter's five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by Hardware, Service, Location, Organization size, Industry and region.
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market.
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in theWi-Fi as a service Market.
Segments:
The Global Wi-Fi as a service market has been segmented on the basis of, Hardware, Location, Service organization type, Industry and geography. On the basis of Hardware the Wi-Fi as a service market is segmented as Wireless Access Point, Gateway ,antenna, Wireless LAN Controller, Wi-Fi as a service Segmented on the basis Location Indoor ,Outdoor Wi-Fi as a service segmented on the basis of service such as Cloud access Point, Support and maintenance and network planning and design on the basis of Organization size Wi-Fi as a service market segmented in Small & Medium scale business, Large Scale Business and among others, on the basis of Industry Wi-Fi as a service market segmented in to Retail, Education, Healthcare, Manufacturing and among the others on the basis On the basis of geography it has been segmented in North America, Europe, Asia pacific, and rest of the world.
Regional Analysis
North America is projected to hold the largest market share and lead the Wi-Fi as a Service market in the forecast period, to large investments in cloud-based solutions, initial implementation of new & evolving technologies, and great quantity of players present in this region.
North America contributes to the greatest projecting market for WI fi as service due to healthy organization and favorable administrative strategies The APAC region is in the early growth phase; though, it is the wildest rising region for the overall Wi-Fi as a Service market. The main cause for the high evolution rate in APAC is the rising demand for economical Wi-Fi services between Small and Medium Enterprises in this area.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/wi-fi-as-a-service-market-2355
Intended Audience
Telecom Providers
Cloud Service Provider
IT Solution Provider
Research Companies
Consulting Companies
System Integrators
WIFI as a service provider
Wireless Service Provider
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Arrow is doing something it's never done before.
In Wednesday's episode, appropriately titled "Spectre of the Gun," the CW drama is doing its own twist on a Very Special Episode when a traumatic attack on City Hall leaves Team Arrow divided over the gun control debate.
The incident will also trigger painful memories for Rene (Rick Gonzalez), whose tragic past will be explored through their own series of flashbacks, replacing the typical Oliver-centric flashbacks fans have gotten used to over the past five seasons.
During a press screening with reporters, Arrow executive producers Marc Guggenheim and Wendy Mericle explained why they decided to tackle such an important issue now, what they hope viewers will take away from the episode and whether they plan on doing more episodes like this in the future.
How long have you been wanting to do this episode?
Marc Guggenheim: We went into Season 5 wanting to do an episode about an issue... I grew up in a time where it was commonplace, literally every week, for a one-hour drama to tackle the issues of the day. Somewhere along the line we got away from that. The whole industry got away from that. And now you've got Black-ish and Carmichael Show, but as far as network dramas are concerned, [they're] really not tackling current events, current issues... You know, it's the fifth season. We've hopefully earned the freedom to in - In 23 episodes of television, you can have 22 pieces of candy and one episode of vegetables. We felt that gun violence felt like the right topic, A.) Because of its topicality, but also because of the level of gun violence that is on Arrow. We could have done an episode about abortion, but that's not really where the show lives. So gun violence sort of felt like the right thing to tackle.
Wendy Mericle: We knew that we were talking about the Mayor's office. There was an opportunity also to do an episode where they aren't going to get in the Green Arrow costume. From a story perspective, it was really the challenge of figuring out [how] we have to solve the issue of the day or the problem of the week with Oliver Queen as the mayor as opposed to them gearing up as the Green Arrow. The other thing when Marc and I talked about doing it and when we talk about doing potentially more episodes like this going forward ... is the idea that you want to start a conversation. It's sort of what Curtis says in the episode, which is, "It's important to at least talk about this." And at some point we did get away from that as a country. And we like the idea of hearing both sides and hearing both sides as fairly as possible.
Did this come together before or after Nov. 7?
Guggenheim: What happened on Nov. 7? No, I'm kidding. Actually, funny you should ask, this was totally not by design, completely accidental, but I wrote the first half of the script before Nov. 7 and the second half of the script after Nov. 7. That week I was writing the script. And I think actually as you watch the episode you can kind of see ... that in the second half it's about guns and gun violence, but it's also about the state of discourse in our country, as Wendy was saying. I'm an unapologetic progressive, but the thing that I've noticed is that not talking about issues serves a conservative agenda, not a liberal agenda. And I do agree with Curtis that I think the country is where it is right now because we stopped talking to each other.
What made Rene the right person to do the flashbacks with in this particular episode?
Mericle: I think they are someone whose background we really wanted to explore. In my mind, they carry a gun. He's a natural spokesperson for that point of view.
Guggenheim: We could have done it through any number of our characters. I think there was a real appetite for us and the writing staff to do flashbacks from one of the perspectives of one of our recruits, so that we were just getting to learn more about them. We know a lot about Curtis, obviously. Rory left the team in [Episode] 12. Evelyn had betrayed the team. We also sort of already knew their backstory from Season 4. Rene felt like the right recruit at the right time for all the reasons Wendy was saying. You know, a character whose whole superheroics revolve around guns.
Is it also a testing ground for when Oliver's flashbacks run out?
Guggenheim: Well, we've been doing those - what I call the non-Island flashbacks - since Season 1. We sort of felt like we've done the testing ground. We love those episodes. We love this kind of flashbacks.
Mericle: I think of it as more of a testing ground for the recruits and whether we'd be able to generate enough story and be interested in those stories from the perspectives of those characters. But yes, going forward, for sure, given that we won't have the Island to go to and the flashbacks for Oliver, knowing that we could use other characters and that we have a device that's well-established on the show and knowing we can go to that well if we need to.
It's kind of rare for the show to talk about Star City politically as part of the United States. Is that something that was important to you for this episode -- to talk about the country?
Guggenheim: I think the little judo move that just writing this episode required is obviously gun control is more of a national issue than it is a local issue... In the writing of the actual script and the dialogue, I kept trying to find those opportunities to invoke the idea of the country rather than just the city.
Do you see real-world things influencing the show more going forward?
Guggenheim: It's tough with a superhero show. I think one of the things Wendy and I have struggled with on Arrow is every year we go into the season going, "This year we're going to make it more about the city. This year it's going to be more of a character and you're going to learn what's going on in the city." It wasn't until this year where we actually started doing that. The reason I say that is it just shows how difficult it is getting the city it's set in to influence the stories. Getting the rest of the country in is just hard.
Did you receive more notes for this episode than normal?
Guggenheim: Thank you very much for asking that question, because it gives me an opportunity to say that the studio and network were so unbelievably supportive of this episode from the very beginning. At the beginning of the season, we told them we wanted to do a gun violence episode, they were like "great." We gave them the story idea, which is always the first piece of information the studio and network get; they were like "great." There was a plot twist regarding Edlund's motivations that was in the original conception that, it was actually even in the first draft of the script, that the studio talked us out of. Not because it was controversial, not because they were scared of it -- both the studio and network were incredibly fearless in their support of this episode, but because the plot twist sort of sent ... a message very different from the one we were trying to send. But there was no "this is too far, this is too much." We got the usual [standards and practices] notes in terms of the amount of gun violence, but nothing was compromised. This was very much the episode we intended to do.
Mericle: They were excited about it. They liked it, and they welcomed also that it was taking on an issue, which we hadn't done before, really, on the show. They were genuinely, I think, very enthusiastic and excited.
Guggenheim: I don't think Wendy and I have taken on an issue on television since Eli Stone, which is like nearly 10 years ago, which is a long time ago. Sad.
Arrow airs Wednesdays at 8/7c on the CW.
(Full disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS, one of the CW's parent companies.)
WASHINGTON — Virginia State Police are investigating a crash where a car went through a guardrail on Interstate 395 and landed on the street below.
The Arlington County Fire Department took one person to the hospital for evaluation after the car landed on South Eads Street.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A school has blasted the “destructive impact” of its fraudulent former headteacher as they were jailed for offences including fraud of more than £100,000 and having sex with another adult in their school office "sex dungeon”
James Stewart, 72, who had served as principal of Sawtry Community College for almost 30 years, was today (October 6) sentenced to four years in prison.
Huntingdon Crown Court heard Stewart had defrauded more than £100,000, drank alcohol on campus, and had sex with another adult in their school office "sex dungeon".
The court heard how they had a private phone line which they used to call William Hill, regularly attended the races during school hours, and claimed £3,000 in "expenses" on fish and wine.
Mark Woods, chief executive officer of Cambridge Meridian Academies Trust, which runs the school, said: “The presentation of the case by the prosecution made completely clear the destructive impact that Mr Stewart's absence of leadership over an extended period has had on the local community and school.”
Mr Woods also said they were now hoping to move on, and improve some of the buildings that had fallen into disrepair. They said they had received more than 1,000 offers of support. They said that, after failing for so long, the community deserved better.
“The school has undergone dramatic improvements since joining our trust and is now in a very strong position with consistently strong academic results and strong leadership,” said Mr Woods. “However, we need our partners including the Educational Funding Agency and Cambridgeshire County Council to support us by making the significant investment required to address the legacy of neglect apparent in the buildings.
“The local community has united behind our New Building Strong Future campaign with over 1,000 offers of support so far and some wonderful acts of local generosity. After having been failed for so long this community deserves a school that they can be proud of.”
In March 2017 Stewart pleaded guilty to charges brought against him, including a single charge of misconduct in public office for their sexual exploits, regular drinking during the school day and ski breaks and racing trips.
They also pleaded guilty to five counts of fraud, which included fraudulently claiming expenses from the school.
They must serve half their sentence, and will spend the rest on licence.
Stewart's former vice principal, Alan Stevens, was sentenced to 24 weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months, and 80 hours' unpaid work in that 12-month period.  They are to pay £364.59 by way of compensation and contribution of £2,000 to cost of prosecution, at a rate of £200 a month starting at the end of the month. They had previously pleaded guilty to two counts of fraud relating to expense claims in August this year at Peterborough Crown Court.
The Lexington Girls & Boys Unified Bowling teams competed at the State championships in Lincoln. The Lexington girls finished as the state runner-up to Waverly. Lexington advanced by beating Gretna 3-0, Lexington then beat Northwest in the semis. Lexington fell to Waverly in the semis 3-0. Lexington's boys lost in the second.
Shanice Chisley, Hicks' daughter, told Fox 5 that "all hell broke loose" when the goblet, called a chalice, was knocked over.
"He literally got on the mic and said: 'There will be no funeral, no mass, no repast [funeral reception], everyone get the hell out of my church.' They were disrespectful," Chisley said of Briese. "He disrespected our family, they disrespected my mother."
Renetta Baker, also interviewed by Fox 5 and identified as a daughter of Hicks, said Briese was unholy.
"You're not a preacher. You're not a pastor, you're not a father of the Lord. You're none of that. You're the devil."
According to Fisher's letter, another priest of the archdiocese, the Rev. Scott Woods, completed the service at a nearby funeral home.
Many of the funeral attendees were black, and a pallbearer reportedly said Briese — who is white — unprompted denied they were motivated by racism. Hicks was African American.
"After everyone cleared out, it was just the pallbearers, they tried to explain to it that they aren't a racist," Theo Johnson, a pallbearer and cousin of Hicks, told The Enterprise, a newspaper covering the rural area southeast of Washington, D.C. "He said they put plaques on graves out there [in the cemetery], black and white people, they said they feed the homeless. Nobody said anything about race. We were just saying they were being disrespectful, that this could have been handled after the funeral, and they said, 'Forget it, just get that thing — [indicating the casket] — out of here.' "
Briese declined to comment Tuesday, but wrote to the local newspaper that they feared the minutes in the church would erase a lifetime of public service.
"Some might dismiss these words, given the tenor of the words I uttered before the funeral that was to take place on Wednesday. That is a just part of the consequence I will bear for my behaviour. Like all human beings, I, too, am broken in nature, make mistakes and, yes, I fail," they wrote. "My recent actions and words were not borne of kindness, but a failure of my vow to serve the Lord and those entrusted to my care as a person and as priest. I am profoundly sorry for my words and actions. I pray for all in this community every day, and I can only ask that you pray for me, but also for other priests and ministers, and all who seek to serve those who suffer and struggle as we strive to build up the kingdom of God."
Archdiocese spokesperson Chieko Noguchi said Briese had been working with the family in the days leading up to the funeral to defray the burial costs.
A 2009 profile of Briese from The Catholic Standard said they grew up around Silver Spring, Maryland, and before becoming a priest had taken into their home local homeless people who they also fed, and had worked trying to help elderly and disabled people find housing.
"We grew up respecting other people. That's a big lesson, to make room for everybody," they said in the profile. "It's in me to reach out to those in need, I've been doing that all my life."
The Atlanta City Council's Public Safety and Legal Administration Committee will hold a second work session Friday, June 1 from 10-11:30 a.m. to discuss legislation that would change the requirements for booting vehicles in the city of Atlanta (Legislative Reference No. 18-O-1129).
If approved, the legislation would make several amendments to the city's code, including lowering the fees charged by booting companies to remove their devices, requiring employees to wear company uniforms, requiring companies to use self-release boots, reducing the response time to remove boots, and creating uniform and adequate signage to be posted on private property where vehicle immobilization devices are used.
The public is invited to attend the work session, which will be held in Committee Room No. 1 on the second floor of Atlanta City Hall, 55 Trinity Avenue, S.W.
Atlanta City Council looks at legislation to change booting requirements was originally published on atlantadailyworld.com
Also On The Chicago Defender:
CLOSE Hundreds gathered on local curbs and porches Wednesday morning for the annual The Smyrna-Clayton Fourth of July Parade. Adam Duvernay/ The News Journal
Uncle Sam, himself, celebrated Independence Day in Smyrna during the annual Smyrna-Clayton July 4th Parade. (Photo: John Jankowski)
Beth Conrad was curbside on Smyrna's Commerce Street Wednesday morning waiting for the start of an annual family tradition — July 4 is always parade day.
All around the Clayton resident's chosen spot on the parade route were friends and neighbors decked out in their most patriotic gear. They lined the streets and crowded porches. They waved their tiny U.S. flags and, as the temperature increased, their little fans, too.
"The Fourth of July is a big deal around here," Conrad said.
That goes double in the Conrad household.
"My daughter's in the parade. My husband and daughter are both in the fire company so we're here to support all them," Conrad said. "She's 22 today. It's their birthday. Born on the Fourth of July, so it's a big deal in our house."
4TH IN DELAWARE
4th of July: State offers discount Lyft rides at Delaware beaches to fight DUIs
Burned feet at the beach? Blame it on the last ice age
Tips to get the most out of your Delaware beach stay
Buy Photo A marching band brings up the rear of the annual Smyrna-Clayton July 4th Parade. (Photo: Adam Duvernay/The News Journal)
The parade began at St. Polycarp Church and marched on along Commerce and Main streets before ending at Wright Municipal Park on North Main Street.
Marching bands blustered by to friendly waves from the assembly hundreds. Fire trucks rolled on in a slow display of lifesaving machinery. There were bikers and politicians and scouts and kids in tiny cars, all hustling along in a celebration of independence.
Buy Photo Colorful vehicles, old and new, were a major feature of the Smyrna-Clayton July 4th Parade. (Photo: Adam Duvernay/The News Journal)
"I love parades," said William Thomas, a white-bearded, flag-waving, red-white-and-blue-sock-wearing member of several soldier-supporting organizations. "I'm a patriot."
Thomas is from New Castle and never had attended the Smyrna parade before Wednesday. Neither had Joe Williams, who only moved to town a few weeks ago.
"I've always taken my kids to parades when they were young in Philly," Williams said. "I love to see kids playing instruments. All my kids play instruments and they were in parades, so I wanted to come check out these kids out here."
The Smyrna-Clayton parade was hardly the only independence march Delaware had to offer Wednesday. Parades also rolled through Dover, Bethany Beach and Hockessin.
But Christiana Stanley didn't need to travel to see the show. They didn't even have to leave their steps — every year the parade rolls right by their front door.
"The kids go up there and I sit back here," Stanley said. "It's a gathering. It's neat. You never know how many people live here because they don't all come out at the same time, and then they all just show up today."
BEACH READS
Few beach homes for sale in Delaware beaches drive up prices
Why Sussex farmers are planting tighty-whities this year
Why Sussex farmers are planting tighty-whities this year
Contact Adam Duvernay at (302) 319-1855 or aduvernay@delawareonline.com
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/07/04/smyrna-clayton-parade-screams-red-white-and-blue/757844002/
This content is only available to subscribers.
Login or Subscribe
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
House Democrats and Republicans agree that two matters are likely to dominate discussion in the chamber during the upcoming legislative session, although they disagree about how to refer to one of them. Along with funding the state's transportation needs, House lawmakers from both sides of the aisle told The Colorado Statesman recently that tackling the […]
MULTAN: Senior Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) leader Saad Rafique on Saturday said that the PML-N respects the judiciary and they have gone to jail many a time for the restoration of judiciary.
The railways' minister, while addressing the media, said that distortions between the government and judiciary will harm the country and that both parliament and judiciary should be respected.
Two senior leaders Federal Minister for Privatisation Daniyal Aziz and Minister of State for Interior Affairs Talal Chaudhry were served notices regarding contempt of court on Friday.
On Friday, Nehal Hashmi was disqualified from their Senate seat for throwing threats at the judiciary in a speech last year. CJP sentenced them to one-month imprisonment and Rs50,000 fine.
It had served Hashmi with a contempt notice following a speech to workers in Karachi last year, in which they had threatened the prime minister's unidentified ‘enemies'.
WHAT if we've been wrong about Mr Cruel all along?
The man who terrorised Victorians in the 1980s with a series of violent, disturbing attacks - often on children - has never been caught. Australians have always assumed they were a local who went underground or died when the attacks stopped in 1991.
But there's another theory that amateur crime buffs think holds weight and that police on the other side of the world were forced to investigate.
Police in Victoria and San Francisco compared notes on the notorious Golden State Killer, who shared a remarkable connection that made some wonder whether they and Mr Cruel were the same person, The Australian reported.
Before Mr Cruel attacked four girls under the age of 13 in Melbourne's outer suburbs between 1987 and 1991, culminating in the unsolved murder of Karmein Chan, the Golden State Killer was doing exactly the same thing on America's west coast.
They murdered 12 people and raped 45 women in a series of depraved attacks during the 1970s and early 1980s. They left blood everywhere but covered their tracks and was never caught.
Then suddenly, in 1986, the attacks stopped and the killer disappeared. A year later, Mr Cruel arrived on the scene in Melbourne.
Sketches of the Golden State Killer, courtesy of Sacramento County Sheriff's Department.
Mr Cruel terrorised Victoria during the 1980s.
The two lived by the same criminal code. The Australian reports that they both took breaks to eat meals, were both armed with a knife and a gun, both pretended to have conversations with people who weren't there and both used expert knots to tie up their victims - and in Mr Cruel's case - to tie up parents while they attacked their children.
The links between the two killers didn't end there.
Both wore dark-coloured balaclavas and had long hair protruding from underneath - and because of that the police sketches are almost identical. Both crept into homes holding large knives and waited to be found. Both would be aged between 60-75 years old if still alive and both were pathologically meticulous.
Both also came under the microscope of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, despite the crimes occurring on different sides of the planet.
In 1991, following the disappearance of Karmein Chan, the FBI sent a letter to Victoria Police. It detailed steps they should take to catch Mr Cruel, what their interests were, how their relationships likely played out and why they attacked where and when they did.
The FBI noted that "the offender has an intense interest in children … will have their own homemade pornography [and] would typically live in a single-family residence, one with a garage or carport". The letter, dated April 24, 1991, stated that if the killer were in a relationship, "the partner would be aware of sexual dysfunctions".
A letter to the late Karmein Chan from their younger sister, Karen.
It wasn't the last time Mr Cruel's file would land on the desk of law enforcement in the United States.
In 2016, following a renewed appeal for information into the unsolved murders committed by the so-called Golden State Killer, retired Los Angeles Sheriff's Department detective David Gates reached out.
They suggested the GSK closely resembled a man wanted for burglaries in the mid-1980s who police later discovered had moved to Australia. When contacted by The Australian, Mr Gates said "the fair-haired college kid" they had investigated was "just a nasty piece of work".
On the other side of the world, Victoria Police were also watching the serial killer in California, but ruled out any suggestion the two were the same person.
The Golden State Killer's story resurfaced recently thanks to a documentary entitled Unmasking a Killer. The five-part documentary series claims to "take viewers inside the investigation, the case files and the mind of the Golden State Killer - a man believed to be the most prolific uncaught rapist and serial killer in the nation".
The project, 10 years in the making, includes interviews with investigators and those who survived.
The Golden State Killer first struck in 1978 with the double murder of Brian and Katie Maggiore in Sacramento. A year later they broke into the home of Robert Offerman and their girlfriend Debra Manning, tied them both up and shot them.
Over the next six years they would kill three more couples and two single women. A number of the murders were in Goleta and Irvine, suggesting the killer returned to neighbourhoods they were familiar with.
The FBI suggested Mr Cruel did exactly the same thing. In their letter to Victorian Police, they said they believed the offender "may reside in the vicinity of the first assault".
"This is further strengthened by the fact that the offender has returned to that same general area in the fourth assault," the bureau said.
The fourth assault they referred to followed the abduction and assaults of three young girls. One is described only as "an 11-year-old girl" and the other two were Nicola Lynas and Sharon Wills.
On the fourth occasion, Mr Cruel took Karmein Chan, 13, from their home while they were babysitting their two sisters, aged 9 and 7. The teen was confronted with the masked intruder during an ad break while the three girls were watching a movie in Karmein's bedroom.
Mr Cruel grabbed the two younger girls and forced them into a cupboard before abducting Karmein.
Them body was found nearly a year later at a landfill site in Edgars Creek, not far from the Chan family home.
Éclair Naturals are launching a campaign to let women know the bare facts. As one part of the initiative, women are asked if they know what propylene glycol is and if they would feel comfortable bathing in it. Their answer is a resounding no once they hear it is a component in engine antifreeze and that many bath and body products use it.
Additionally, in a video that's part of the new campaign starting this month called “NeverAny,” Éclair Naturals' cofounder and chief executive officer John Matise addresses the lack of regulation in personal-care products in the U.S. head-on.
In the past decade, Europe banned 1,400 chemicals, Canada nearly 600 and the U.S. only 10. To help inform consumers about Éclair Naturals' positioning, the company tapped a celebrity makeup artist, Joanne Gair, to adorn nude models with messages applied in plant-based ink. Shot by fashion photographer Ruven Afanador, the messages on their bodies pledge the formulas never use GMOs, parabens, soy, animal-derived ingredients, polyethylene glycol, petroleum, phenoxyethanol, phthalates, propylene glycol, sodium lauryl/laureth sulfate, synthetic colors and synthetic fragrances.
“We had a story to tell and we wanted to do it our way with complete transparency,” Matise explained. “We knew we needed to stand out from everyone else in a category that's filled with noise and a real lack of education in knowing what harmful ingredients are found in most body care products.”
Éclair Naturals uses natural food grade ingredients to create formulas that are non-GMO, gluten-free, soy-free, vegan, cruelty-free and made in the USA. The line of 14 categories and 55 items encompasses bath, moisturizers and hair care. Retailing between $4.99 and $12.99, the brand is currently sold in Rite Aid, riteaid.com, target.com, Albertsons, ShopRite and Stop & Shop, as well as on its web site, www.eclairnaturals.com.
“Through this campaign, we are challenging consumers to tell us what their ‘NeverAnys' are using #NeverAny, taking a stand for causes that are personal to them, similar to the stand we take on ingredients,” Matise said.
Developed with Marc USA, the campaign will focus on local and regional markets in order to reach consumers directly and much of the content will be delivered in a rich digital media format. Building on that, the images will also be shared on the brand web site, social channels and print ads in women's publications. They will also be shared via a video which highlights the campaign development, features influencers, and urges others to share their personal #NeverAny on social media platforms.
“We saw the ‘NeverAny' pledge painted on the models as a way to declare the brand promise on our sleeves — or should we say, on our skin,” explained Dena Mosti, creative director at MARC USA.
Éclair Naturals plans to expand into the baby category before the end of the year with a baby wash, diaper cream, talc free baby powder, baby oil and others items. In the pipeline are lip balms, massage and body oils and travel kits.
Éclair Naturals' message hits a market ripe for natural beauty. According to Kline, natural personal care has posted 8 percent yearly growth since 2011, a rate that will be matched if not exceeded through 2021.
“Overall, as consumers, we are more conscious than ever before about ingredients and the use and effect of synthetic, harmful chemicals to our body,” said Matise. The company heavily researched consumer preferences prior to formulation. They noted that all of the products are non-GMO, all are vegan and certified gluten-free. “For instance, we do not use phenoxyethanol, a skin irritant that is harmful if ingested. This is a common preservative system in many body care products,” they said. “In general, I believe our ‘free from' list of harmful ingredients is the most extensive in the industry.”
A cold shooting day doomed the Washburn women's basketball team as they dropped a 66-47 decision at Fort Hays State on Saturday. The Ichabods (14-8, 6-7 MIAA) completed 18 of 59 attempts from the field with 4 of 24 shooting from three-point range.
Washburn opened the afternoon strong with a 5-3 run before tacking on a 10-2 spurt to led by as much six with 3:32 left in the opening period. Early foul trouble for Alexis McAfee and Reagan Phelan saw both on the bench for extend minutes.
The Ichabod advantage soon evaporated as Fort Hays State (18-4, 9-4 MIAA) rattled off nine unanswered resulting in a three-point lead until a last second shot from Phelan trimmed the score to 18-17 to end the quarter. WU shot 7 of 17 for the period with 3 of 9 from deep, but FHSU followed with 6 of 15 shooting with 2 of 5 from behind the arc.
The WU offense fell out of rhythm during the second period as it was held without a field-goal until the 1:50 mark of the period. During that stretch, Tigers pulled away as they 6 of 8 from the floor and pieced together a 14-3 run before taking a 38-30 lead into the break.
An 8-2 run for Washburn midway through the third appeared to be a turning point but was quickly stop as FHSU used a 13-0 run to led by as much as 28 during the second half. Shooting improved from the 1 for 13 mark in the second as the Ichabods went 3 for 14 in the third before posting their best shooting performance in the four by converting 7 of 15 from the field.
Phelan was Washburn's lone double-figure scorer as they netted 10 points with four assists, while Axelle Bernard and Mackenzie Loe finished with eight points each. Bernard filled out the stat with seven rebounds, four blocks, and four assists.
The Ichabods return to Lee Arena on Wednesday, Feb. 7 when they host Missouri Western with tip-off scheduled for 5:30 pm.
Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.
So what is it like to head the Federal Reserve board, often counted “the second most powerful job in the world” after the president's?
“It was a job I loved,” said Janet L. Yellen, who was chair of the Federal Reserve System's Board of Governors until February and who spoke at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School on Monday, marking their first public appearance away from Washington since their departure. “There was a high degree of stress,” especially when explaining Fed deliberations to Congress and the public, they said, even with the “terrific” help of other Fed directors and the staff of the Fed, which is the largest employer of economists.
Yellen called themselves “very impressed” with the intelligence and preparation of their successor, Jerome Powell, and their rapid efforts to educate themselves about economic scholarship, even though they are not a Ph.D. economist. That degree wasn't necessary “to understand economics and apply it,” they added.
Yellen said they have learned fast to appreciate the “freedom” of being a full-time scholar again, after four years in a security cocoon. After leaving their post, they were named a Distinguished Fellow at the Brookings Institution, a Washington think tank with a history of proposing government solutions to public problems.
Yellen took questions from Jeremy Siegel, the self-proclaimed “Wizard of Wharton”, who has taught at the Penn business school since the 1970s and promoted stocks as the best long-term investments in their book Stocks for the Long Run.
Employment is high, inflation is still low, but the former Fed chair said she's concerned about slow growth in U.S. wages, worker productivity, and “business dynamism.”
They traced their intellectual roots to their early exposure to James Tobin, economic adviser to President John F. Kennedy, while they were an undergraduate at Brown. Yellen followed Tobin to Yale, where they did their doctoral studies. They said they agreed with the liberal Keynesian Tobin, the conservative monetarist Milton Friedman, and with Ben Bernanke, their predecessor as Fed chair, that the Fed had not done enough to restart the economy after the financial crisis of 1929, allowing the country to fall into the Great Depression.
The Fed's policy of buying trillions of dollars worth of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities during the late 2000s recession was a “direct application” of Tobin's teaching that markets would not resolve crises such as high unemployment without government help “until we're all dead,” they said.
Yellen said conventional wisdom among economists is that both conservative monetary theory and Tobin-style government activism can be applied to public policy. Long-term unemployment creates “social loss and human suffering,” and the government sometimes needs to step in to help put people back to work.
They said the financial crisis of the late 2000s showed that “financial supervision” of banks during the years when Alan Greenspan headed the Fed “was not what it should be.” They approved of the tighter banking rules that had followed earlier financial crises, and efforts to track investment banks, loan securitization, and other less-regulated financial forces that regulators long ignored.
Siegel didn't ask about current congressional efforts to scale back the 2010 law tightening bank capital rules.
In the Q&A session, Yellen defended their decision, late in their term, to impose unusual restrictions on Wells Fargo & Co. after the bank was repeatedly censured for ripping off customers. “Wells Fargo agreed” to “unusual” limits on its growth, given the company's large size and its “mismanagement,” they said.
Asked about the future of cryptocurrency, Yellen said “it is possible” that central banks will eventually make them available; several banks are studying proposals, including Sweden's. But “it's not obvious” that a national cryptocurrency would improve economic policymaking, they said.
Asked about the Trump administration's new bid to tax imports of steel and aluminum, Yellen said they would likely have only “a tiny impact” on price inflation. “The larger concern” is a trade war and “more serious” retaliatory tariffs by other countries, they said. “All of us who have studied trade agree that removing trade barriers is beneficial” for most people, but hurts some. But “technological change” is more responsible for falling incomes and rising inequality, compared with trade.
Yellen said they were used to being one of the few women in economics long before they became one of the few to head a central bank. “My own experience has been very favorable,” they added, praising colleagues who mentored her, including their husband, George Akerlof, a Penn-trained economist, while noting that discrimination persists in the field. There are still relatively few senior economists who are women: “What the heck is going on there?”
Yellen became Fed chair, at a salary of around $200,000, in 2014, when the official U.S. unemployment rate stood at 6.7 percent. They left with the rate down at 4.1 percent, below the “natural” unemployment rate that some economists have projected.
They said the unemployment rate will keep dropping as long as the economy keeps creating close to 200,000 jobs a month, a pace they called “unsustainable,” leading possibly to an “overheating” economy and inflation and goading the Fed to boost interest rates faster.
Inflation has remained close to the Fed's target of 2 percent, despite worries by Fed members that a drop in U.S. family size and foreign immigration may force wages higher, fueling price inflation.
Yellen said it's all right if inflation rises a little above 2 percent, given lower levels in recent years.
Among their listeners was Patrick Harker, the former Wharton dean who is now president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. Harker said Trump had the right to replace Yellen, and Fed board members are looking forward to Trump's appointments for four vacant seats.
Asked by Siegel whether stock prices have gotten too high, Yellen demurred. Stock and real estate prices are above historic levels, but cheap interest rates may account for part of that, they said.
“The financial system seems to be sound,” banks have piles of capital, bank regulatory agencies “have been strengthened,” and “risks are moderate,” for now, Yellen said. “The Fed should keep its eyes on” bank to make sure banks don't get off track again, they said.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
THE Western Cape province's serious low dam levels will be the focal point at a briefing hosted by Anton Bredell, the MEC for local government, environmental affairs and development planning tomorrow.
Under the spotlight will be whether desalination is an option for Cape Town and ponder what options there were for increasing water supply for the province.
Currently, the Western Cape is experiencing its worst drought since 1983 and each year, the situation seems to be getting worse.
Thousands of fires occurred in the province this year and how these fires started and what is being done to tackle this challenge, will also be scrutinised.
Bredell yesterday said that the average water level for dams across the province had fallen to below 35% with some months to go before the winter rainfall season.
The city of Cape Town said that the latest actual consumption was 825 million litres of collective use a day and by lowering its target to 700 million litres, they could be looking at about 135 days of usable water left.
Bredell said: “Seeing dam levels dropping below 35% is hugely concerning. “The Western Cape disaster management centre is working closely with all stakeholders to address the situation as best we can.
“Several mitigation actions are already ongoing, as well as studies into long-term measures to augment the province's water challenges.
“We remain confident at this time that with the help of all role players, we will manage to reach the rainfall season with water left in the system.”
Meanwhile, the city urged people to adhere to restrictions, as it is a normal practice in water supply management introduced during drought events as a means to trim the demand to the available supply.
Executive mayor Patricia de Lille and deputy mayor Ian Neilson again called on businesses and government departments to check on their water use.
Later during this week, De Lille and some of the mayors would start engaging personally with some of the high water users who have been identified through their water accounts and January 2017 consumption.
VINCENT CRUYWAGEN
(NEW YORK) You may not be familiar with the Thomson Reuters Trust Principles, but to us at Reuters they are our indispensable compass. Created in 1941, in the midst of World War II, they call upon Reuters and its employees to act at all times with integrity, independence and freedom from bias. The Trust Principles were built into the charter of Reuters when it went public in 1984 and into the founding documents of the Thomson Reuters Corp. after it was formed in 2008. In their clarity and uncompromising standards, these principles have proven invaluable in guiding our journalists over the past 75 years, and they continue to help us report honestly and fairly in today's challenging environment.
Starting today, you'll see that we have attached a link to the Trust Principles at the bottom of all stories on Reuters.com. (Click to read here) In addition, from time to time, when we think it might be useful to the reader, we will also provide an explanation – which we are calling Backstory – of how we have reported a particular piece. Backstory will be presented as a statement of methodology or a Q&A with a Reuters journalist. These additions reflect our commitment not only to deliver accurate, unbiased news but to share more information about the way we work and the standards under which we operate. (Click to read www.reuters.com/backstory)
Sincerely,
Stephen J. Adler, Editor-in-Chief
U.S. Air Force Honor Guard and Air Force Total Force Band march in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 2, 2017. The Honor Guard and Total Force Band represented the U.S. Air Force in front of the estimated one million spectators, as it kicks off a year-long celebration of the Air Force's 70th Birthday. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Philip Bryant)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.02.2017 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 15:07 Photo ID: 3083220 VIRIN: 170102-F-IP635-0094 Resolution: 4797x2715 Size: 3.72 MB Location: PASADENA, CA, US Web Views: 2 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Rose parade 2017, by SrA Philip Bryant, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The Dallas Cowboys made a few roster moves on Tuesday, coming to terms with running back Darius Jackson and linebacker Eric Pinkins.
To make room on the roster, the Cowboys released linebacker Ed Shockley and receiver Malik Earl, two undrafted rookie free agents.
Also, DT Antwaun Woods and WR Mekale McKay were signed and G Jay Robertson and DT DeQuinton Osborne were released.
Jackson was one of five players the Cowboys worked out on Tuesday.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Jackson is a former sixth-round pick of the Cowboys in 2016. They were waived on final cuts after an impressive preseason and training camp, as the Cowboys then chose to stick with their veteran running backs behind rookie top pick Ezekiel Elliott.
Jackson was claimed by the Cleveland Browns and spent two injury-plagued seasons there before being recently released.
They join a crowded Cowboys backfield that includes Rod Smith, Trey Williams and rookie seventh-round Bo Scarbrough fighting for spots behind Elliott.
Pinkins was picked in the sixth round by the Seattle Seahawks in 2014. They spent some time on their practice squad as a rookie. Pinkins, 26, played in six games in 2015 and five in 2016.
They were out of football last season but they have some familiarity with secondary coach Kris Richard from their time together in Seattle.
A blog from The State's political team of Jamie Self, Avery Wilks and Bristow Marchant.
So there are a dozen different ways things could go disastrously wrong. A government shutdown is a real possibility, as is a default on the debt - and there's no way to blame either one on Democrats. You couldn't devise a more vivid demonstration of Republican incompetence and failure than government offices and national parks shutting their doors - not because of a partisan showdown but because the GOP can't get its act together to keep the lights on. If programs like CHIP aren't reauthorized, the effects will be rapid and dramatic, accompanied by a wave of news coverage about kids losing their insurance. If the Freedom Caucus succeeds in forcing another ACA vote, it will only reignite the debate on health care that was so damaging to Republicans just a few weeks ago. And if they manage to slap together a tax bill in short order, it will inevitably be a huge giveaway to corporations and the wealthy, which Democrats will gleefully pummel them for.
As Netflix prepares to launch its first superhero team-up, Marvel's The Defenders, featuring the stars of Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, and Iron Fist, now seems like the perfect time to zoom in on the appeal of superhero team-ups.
These alliances between superheroes are nothing new. In the five years since Joss Whedon assembled Marvel's The Avengers, team-ups have burst across the big and small screens. Whedon's first outing with Iron Man, Captain America and Thor grossed $1,518,812,988 at the global box office and its popularity spawned Marvel's Phase Two, culminating in Avengers: Age of Ultron. DC has since announced plans for a Justice League movie which will bring together Batman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman and other staples from the studio this November. On television, The CW launched its first cross-over event featuring the likes of Arrow, The Flash, the Legends of Tomorrow and Supergirl teaming up against malevolent alien invaders earlier this year.
Firstly, the appeal of superhero collaborations stands in the fact that they give fans the opportunity to see their favourite heroes and heros cross paths in often fun and memorable ways. The party scene in Avengers: Age of Ultron is a classic example, with each Avenger testing Thor's hammer to see who is worthy. They are often accompanied by a great deal of anticipation due to their uniqueness, with new character dynamics breathing new life into existing storylines or even creating brand-new ones that add to each characters' mythos. There are also wonderful opportunities for studios to indulge in answering burning fan questions such as who's faster: Oliver Queen's arrows or The Flash?
Scale can be another factor contributing to the team-up appeal. The stakes are raised – entire teams must be assembled to fight the villain, rather than only having one superhero per movie/episode. Even on the small screen, this sense of a greater scale brings great appeal because a single team-up can take place across multiple episodes and series. This is something that makes The Defenders so unique. Whereas other team-ups have been brought about because the world (or galaxy) is in danger, The Defenders is deliberately smaller in scale, bringing together Marvel's “street-level” heroes, and promising to maintain the intimate grittiness of the standalone series whilst raising the stakes as the team come up against Sigourney Weaver's intimidating villain.
Most of all, superhero team-ups are appealing because they are special.
But with so many team-ups and many more still to come, it is getting a little too much?
Recently, declining comic-book sales were linked to event fatigue, so it is possible that someday audiences will tire of cinematic team-ups. Also, their popularity doesn't guarantee critical acclaim, as the cold reception for both DC's Batman vs. Superman and Suicide Squad goes to show. However, given that each event so far has striven to be unique, it seems audiences might enjoy them for a little longer, especially as 2018 marks the biggest superhero team-up in cinematic history. Avengers: Infinity War (with a sequel already in the pipeline) is set to bring together every main character from the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Whatever happens in the future, Marvel's The Defenders is sure to be a huge success, ushering in a new era of small screen team-ups that may one day compete with The Earth's Mightiest Heroes.
All episodes of Marvel's The Defenders will be available on Netflix 18th August 2017.
Members of Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) and their African National Congress(ANC) counterparts sing and dance outside the Bronkhorstspruit Magistrate's Court on Monday. PHOTO: ANA
MBOMBELA - A 45-year-old man accused of raping their parents' domestic worker and forcing them to perform sexual acts on their dog, on Monday told the Bronkhorstspruit Magistrate's Court, east of Pretoria, that they have a romantic relationship with their alleged victim.
The man made the claim during their bail application hearing through an affidavit read out by their lawyer Ehleketani Maluleke. They denied raping the woman, saying they had had consensual sexual intercourse with them
“It was not the first time I had sex with her,” said the man in the affidavit.
“I submit that the State's case against me is weak. My release on bail will not disturb public order because the community did not know about my relationship with the complainant."
READ MORE: Bestiality case: Do justice and stop lecturing us, magistrate told
Maluleke also read out a statement from the accused's witness Johanna Maga who was not in court and who corroborated their claim of a relationship with the complainant.
“I know they are in love. I used to chill and drink with them at a caravan near the taxi rank in Bronkhorstspruit,” read the witness's statement.
State prosecutor Tiisetso Leballo opposed bail and brought in State witness, police Captain van Rooyen to testify.
Van Rooyen told the court the complainant sustained bruises in their vaginal area, an open wound on the right thigh and was hit with a wooden plank under the feet during the alleged rape ordeal. They said it was not possible for any person to be injured during a consensual sexual encounter with their romantic partner.
At one point in the court proceedings, an unidentified elderly woman who was seated in the front row of seats behind the accused broke down and disrupted court proceedings. Magistrate David Shikwambana was forced to ask the woman to console herself. It was not clear if the woman was related to the accused.
The man is facing 10 charges, including rape, sexual assault and malicious damage to property. They were arrested in November last year following the incident which allegedly happened in Riamar Park, Bronkhorstspruit, on October 23.
Shikwambana postponed the matter to Thursday for closing arguments.
African News Agency/ANA
Gov. Gregg Abbott held roundtable discussions last week in Austin and this week unveiled a school safety plan. Ana Ramirez Austin American-Statesman
× Kickoff to Fall Foliage Festival in Jim Thorpe
JIM THORPE — Every autumn, thousands of people flock to Jim Thorpe for a little shopping and a little leaf peeping. This year, there are even more tourists.
The Jim Thorpe Fall Foliage Festival is held each weekend in October.
People from all over visit for attractions, entertainment, shopping, biking, leaf peeping and more.
“We just came down for the weekend to enjoy the fall festival and we have a cabin and we're heading to go check out our cabin,” said Michele Greenockle of Bucks County.
But Jim Thorpe officials say this fall, things are even busier than ever, not just on festival weekends but all week.
They say the reason is the train ride. For the first time ever, train rides are Wednesday through Sunday, five days a week, not just on weekends anymore, and that's drawing crowds.
“We went on the train ride,” said Greenockle. “She loved the train ride, and in fact, she's cranky because they want to go back on the train.”
Tourism officials in Jim Thorpe say they know the leaves haven't really popped yet. They're expecting the peak of fall foliage to be about the third weekend in October, but still, they say people are coming.
“I like the bike ride,” said Jerry Mazur from Pittsburgh. “We took a bike ride and it was very scenic, right next to the river, it was very nice.”
“A friend of ours that I work with had told us about the town, I had never heard about it before,” Stacie Mazur said. “She told us about how quaint it was, the shops, the train ride, the scenery, so we just decided to take a look for ourselves.”
The Fall Foliage Festival starts this weekend and runs through October 22.
NEW YORK — The Mets have hired two new public address announcers for Citi Field, including the first woman to hold the job and a grandson of late ABC broadcaster Howard Cosell.
Marysol Castro will start work at Thursday night's homestand opener against the Chicago Cubs, and Colin Cosell will debut on Saturday night.
Alex Anthony was the announcer from 2002-17, making the move with the team from Shea Stadium to Citi Field. They were replaced on an interim basis at the start of this season by Rob Rush, also the announcer for the NBA G-League's Long Island Nets.
Castro has worked at WPIX and News 12 The Bronx in New York, and was a weather anchor on ABC's "Good Morning America" for seven years.
0:43 RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll Pause
1:27 Bowie QB airs out Sam Houston
0:12 RAW: Wow what a catch by Stefan Cobbs
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
1:29 AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
0:46 Who earned game balls from the Cowboys-Rams game?
0:37 Cowboys donate time, merch to Hurricane Harvey evacuees
0:39 Hyperloop travel at jet plane-like speeds of 600 mph
SEYMOUR, Conn. (WTNH) — Seymour firefighters are investigating what may have cause a fire to break out late Sunday night at a home on Bungay Road.
Just after 11:00 p.m., firefighters responded to 131 Bungay Road on a report of a heavy fire. A News 8 photographer spoke with firefighters on the scene who said there are no fire hydrants in that area; so a few towns were called in to help out with tanker trucks.
The house was heavily damaged. Firefighters on the scene told News 8 that all of the occupants of the house were able to escape safely. No one was hurt.
An investigation is underway to determine what may have caused the fire.
Tosca
Opera Australia
State Theatre, Arts Centre Melbourne
Until 10th May, 2018
4-stars
In director John Bell's Tosca for Opera Australia, Puccini's original 1800 Napoleonic setting in Rome is catapulted into the time of the city's 1943-44 Nazi occupation — and with it comes a spine tingling dramatic overlay that rivetingly reinforces its unjust tragedies under brutal forces.
In this persuasive revival by Hugh Halliday, if the arrival of Nazi uniformed soldiers in Act I's magnificent church of Sant'Andrea waving swastika emblazoned blood red flags isn't enough to chill — Michael Scott-Mitchell's sets create an ongoing evocative architectural backdrop — Puccini's music conveys the mood startlingly. From beginning, Andrea Battistoni's powerfully driven and intense conducting served impressively with an expert and secure Orchestra Victoria in the pit.
In a work containing some of Puccini's most famous arias the microseconds matter in conveying dramatic realism or the ‘verismo' that characterises their style. Its most compelling interpretation comes in one of all opera's most unnerving scenes, that of Act 2's blend of desperation, lust, torture and murder centring on three stellar leads.
Plush soprano Latonia Moore, as the jealous diva-ish Tosca, scorching tenor Diego Torre, as their accommodating lover, the painter Cavaradossi, and hellfire baritone Marco Vratogna, as the detestable Nazi commander Scarpia, captured the persistent unnerving tension hauntingly.
Moore's animated fluctuations in Act 1 periodically clashed with their unswerving thrilling vocal splendour — a small quibble — but, as the titular tragedienne reflecting on their fate in “Vissi d'arte” (”I lived for art”), their piety struck by God's seeming abandonment, Moore brought sobs of heartbreaking distress that superbly illuminated their dramatic prowess.
A fine actor, smooth in delivery and comfortable in monumentalising sustained finishing notes, Torre, oft-seen principal for Opera Australia, was an exceptional match as Cavaradossi.
The Opera Australia Chorus raised a glorious “Te Deum” against a ferocious-voiced Vratogna, who, as one of the most fearful Scarpias you're likely to see, was outstanding as they thrust their command in viscous bursts before succumbing to Tosca's calculating knife attack.
Finally, Tosca's end in accepting bullets rather than taking a suicidal plunge from Castel Sant'Angelo seems a less convincing way to end but Bell's overall concept is a terrifically breathtaking.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A thug who tied up a woman up with present ribbon on Christmas Day and stabbed them with a steak knife has had their sentence cut by top judges.
Patrick Stephen Connors, 23, beat, bit and knifed their victim during a drunken rage on December 25, 2015.
They then tied the woman up with Christmas ribbon so they couldn't escape.
Connors, of Wolverhampton, repeatedly threatened to kill them and “she believed that they might very well carry out theirs threats”.
Only when the drunken Connors finally fell asleep the abuse stopped, Mrs Justice McGowan told London's Appeal Court.
(Image: Getty)
But, before doing so, they tied them fast with ribbons intended for gifts, leaving them trussed up for 16 hours.
Connors was jailed for 11 years at Wolverhampton Crown Court last November after admitting false imprisonment and assault causing actual bodily harm.
Condemned as a dangerous offender, they were also ordered to serve four extra years on licence following their release.
Connors' case reached the Appeal Court as they challenged their jail time, claiming it was far too tough.
Mrs Justice McGowan slammed their “appalling act of violence”.
But they noted that the injuries inflicted were relatively minor - despite the savagery of their attack and the “terror” the victim endured.
The judge, sitting with Lord Justice Hamblen and Judge Michael Topolski QC, cut Connors' jail term from 11 to eight years.
WASHINGTON (AP) — It took President Donald Trump two days to do what both Republicans and Democrats said should have come fast and easy.
In their carefully worded statement Monday, Trump condemned members of the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “repugnant.” They vowed that their administration would crack down on those who perpetrate “racist violence.” They called for national unity.
It was the type of statement Americans have come to expect from their presidents after racially charged incidents, like the deadly violence that erupted Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. But Trump struggled mightily to meet the moment, glaringly omitting any direct condemnation of white supremacists in their initial comments on the incident and decrying bigotry “on many sides.”
As the most unconventional president in modern American history, Trump has at times thrived off low expectations.  They are often cheered by Republicans when they fulfill basic functions of the office. And GOP lawmakers in particular have often tried to explain away their missteps as a function of their lack of experience in Washington and politics.
But they have found themselves with few allies after their botched handling of the Charlottesville violence. Several Republicans challenged Trump directly to be more strident in calling out white nationalists and neo-Nazis. Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner said the president needed to “step up” and call the groups “evil.”
The president got to that place on Monday, declaring that “racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs.”
It's unclear whether their cleanup efforts will ease the political pressure they have faced in recent days. In addition to the disapproval from their own party, a member of a White House advisory council — Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier — announced they were resigning from the panel in protest.
Later Monday, Trump tried to pin the blame for the controversy on one of their favorite targets: the media. They tweeted that the media “will never be satisfied … truly bad people.”
The trouble for Trump is that their struggle in responding to the Charlottesville violence seems to fit a pattern of uncharacteristic caution when it comes to handling racial tensions and condemning the fringe groups that have rallied around their candidacy.
Indeed, it was striking that one of the few signs of support for Trump after their comments Saturday came from the white supremacist website Daily Stormer. The website noted that Trump avoided reporters' questions about whether they condemned the groups leading the protests. “Really, really good. God bless him,” the website wrote.
Trump denies that he's racist or sympathetic to such groups. Son-in-law Jared Kushner, the grandson of Holocaust survivors, and daughter Ivanka, who converted to Judaism, are among those who have defended the president against those charges.
Still, they have a history of engaging in high-profile, racially fraught battles.
Early in their career as a developer, Trump fought charges of bias against blacks seeking to rent at their family-owned apartment complexes. They long promoted the lie that the nation's first black president, Barack Obama, was not born in the United States. As a candidate, they proposed temporarily banning Muslims from the United States. They retweeted a post from accounts that appeared to have ties to white nationalist groups. And they were slow to reject the endorsement of former KKK leader David Duke.
Some of the president's friends and advisers have argued that Trump is simply refusing to bend to liberals' desire for political correctness. A boastful, proudly disruptive politician, Trump often has been rewarded for saying impolite and impolitic things. Some supporters cheer them for being someone who says what they cannot.
Democrats frequently assert that Trump sees a political advantage in courting the support of the far right. Indeed, they have benefited politically from the backing of media outlets such as Breitbart or InfoWars. They have consistently promoted Trump and torn down their opponents, sometimes with biased or inaccurate reports.
Charlottesville's mayor, Democrat Mike Signer, said Sunday that Trump made a choice during their campaign to “go right to the gutter, to play on our worst prejudices.”
“I think you are seeing a direct line from what happened here this weekend to those choices,” Signer said on CBS' “Face the Nation.”
White House senior adviser Steve Bannon ran Breitbart before joining Trump's campaign, and several of the president's other aides believe Bannon continues to have influence over the website. In “Devil's Bargain,” a new book about their role in the Trump campaign, Bannon is quoted as saying that attempts by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to tie Trump to the alt-right and nationalists did not move voters.
“We polled the race stuff and it doesn't matter,” Bannon said, according to the book.
___
EDITOR'S NOTE — Washington Bureau Chief Julie Pace has covered the White House and politics for The Associated Press since 2007. Follow them at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
___
This story has been corrected to change lead paragraph time span to 2 days rather than 3.
An AP News Analysis
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The final version of the Kenilworth Neighbourhood Plan is now being drawn up after the consultation period ended last week.
Kenilworth Town Council is now going through the 400-plus responses from individuals and organisations to the draft plan and using them to write a finalised plan, which the public will eventually get a yes-or-no vote on.
If adopted, it will help Kenilworth control the coming development from Warwick district's Local Plan, which is bringing thousands of new homes to the town.
In a statement published on the town's new website, Cllr George Illingworth said ‘useful and constructive comments' have been made which will help improve the plan.
When asked what that meant, they suggested things like the amount of concerns raised over traffic, and asking Warwickshire County Council's highways department to consider more junctions for improvement than what was in the draft version of the plan.
They also said some had put forward suggestions to improve green infrastructure, and said there was a mixed response about a new multi-storey car park, which they described as being like ‘Marmite'.
But they added: “I don't know exactly what will change, it depends on what we all agree on. We have to be careful we don't give more weight to a particular problem.
“There could be an equally big problem that not many people have mentioned.
“But we've had a lot of points made. Some require a rethink from us, and some require little action other than a bit of editing.
“We've got to pull together the full story and we'll do that as quickly as we can.”
Cllr Illingworth could not commit to a publication date. They said: “My concern is to get it right rather than to rush it through.”
But the town council does not have a great deal of time to get the Neighbourhood Plan approved.
Warwick district's Local Plan is highly likely to be adopted on Wednesday September 20, meaning developers can then start drafting plans and building.
If no Neighbourhood Plan is in place, Kenilworth will not be able to control the developments as much as it would like.
Once the final draft is ready, it will go to Warwick District Council for approval, then an independent inspector, and finally to Kenilworth's residents in a referendum.
Yet this clown was president of Georgia, for whose cause in South Ossetia some in our foreign policy elite thought we should go to the brink of war with Russia.
Even interventionists are regretting some of the wars into which they helped plunge the United States in this century.Among those wars are Afghanistan and Iraq, the longest in our history; Libya, which was left without a stable government; Syria's civil war, a six-year human rights disaster we helped kick off by arming rebels to overthrow Bashar Assad; and Yemen, where a U.S.-backed Saudi bombing campaign and starvation blockade is causing a humanitarian catastrophe.Yet, twice this century, the War Party was beaten back when seeking a clash with Putin's Russia. And the "neo-isolationists" who won those arguments served America well.What triggered this observation was an item on Page 1 of Wednesday's New York Times that read in its entirety:Page A4″Who is Saakashvili? The wunderkind elected in 2004 in Tbilisi after a "Rose Revolution" we backed during George W. Bush's crusade for global democracy.During the Beijing Olympics in August 2008, Saakashvili sent their army crashing into the tiny enclave of South Ossetia, which had broken free of Georgia when Georgia broke free of Russia.In overrunning the enclave, however, Saakashvili's troops killed Russian peacekeepers. Big mistake. Within 24 hours, Putin's tanks and troops were pouring through Roki Tunnel, running Saakashvili's army out of South Ossetia, and occupying parts of Georgia itself."We are all Georgians!" thundered John McCain.Not quite. When an outcry arose against getting into a collision with Russia, Bush, reading the nation right, decided to confine U.S. protests to the nonviolent. A wise call.And Saakashvili? They held power until 2013, and then saw their party defeated, was charged with corruption, and fled to Ukraine.In 2016, an exasperated Saakashvili quit, charged their patron Poroshenko with corruption, and fled Ukraine. In September, with a band of supporters, they made a forced entry back across the border.Here is the Times' Andrew Higgins on their latest antics:"On Tuesday ... Saakashvili, onetime darling of the West, took their high-wire political career to bizarre new heights when they climbed onto the roof of their five-story apartment building in the center of Kiev..."Dragged from the roof after denouncing Mr. Poroshenko as a traitor and a thief, the former Georgian leader was detained but then freed by their supporters, who ... blocked a security service van before it could take Mr. Saakashvili to a Kiev detention center and allowed them to escape."With a Ukrainian flag draped across their shoulders and a pair of handcuffs still attached to one of their wrists, Mr. Saakashvili then led hundreds of supporters in a march across Kiev toward Parliament. Speaking through a bullhorn they called for 'peaceful protests' to remove Mr. Poroshenko from office, just as protests had toppled the former President, Victor F. Yanukovych, in February 2014."This reads like a script for a Peter Sellers movie in the '60s.Consider Ukraine. Three years ago, McCain was declaring, in support of the overthrow of the elected pro-Russian government in Kiev, "We are all Ukrainians now."Following that coup, U.S. elites were urging us to confront Putin in Crimea, bring Ukraine, as well as Georgia, into NATO, and send Kiev the lethal weapons needed to defeat Russian-backed rebels in the East.Do we really want to cede to folks of the temperament of Mikhail Saakashvili an ability to instigate a war with a nuclear-armed Russia, which every Cold War president was resolved to avoid, even if it meant accepting Moscow's hegemony in Eastern Europe all the way to the Elbe?Watching Saakashvili losing it in the streets of Kiev like some blitzed college student should cause us to reassess the stability of all these allies to whom we have ceded a capacity to drag us into war.Alliances, after all, are the transmission belts of war.Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of a new book, "Nixon's White House Wars: The Battles That Made and Broke a President and Divided America Forever."
LIMA, April 9 A federal judge in Peru ordered 18 months of preventive prison pending a full trial for the sitting governor of the country's Callao region, who is accused of accepting a $4 million bribe from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht SA.
After a 12-hour hearing, Judge Ricardo Manrique ruled late on Saturday that there was substantial evidence that Governor Felix Moreno accepted the bribe in exchange for awarding Odebrecht a 2014 contract to build a 5 km (3-mile) highway along the country's central coast.
Peru frequently jails suspected criminals for extended periods to keep them from fleeing or obstructing ongoing investigations. The practice has been criticized by some as violating the right to due process.
Moreno's lawyer, Jose Luis Castillo, said the decision was arbitrary and that they planned to appeal.
In December, Odebrecht admitted publicly that it had doled out hundreds of millions in bribes to unnamed authorities across Latin America, including $29 million to win contracts in Peru over a decade-long period spanning three presidencies.
Prosecutors said Moreno had ordered part of the bribe to finance their 2014 reelection campaign managed by political strategist Luis Favre. Both Favre and Moreno have denied receiving payments from Odebrecht.
Odebrecht-related investigations have ensnared former Peruvian president Alan Garcia, who is accused of corruption involving the construction of Lima's metro system. Peru has also asked the United States to extradite former president Alejandro Toledo, who is accused of receiving bribes. (Reporting by Ursula Scollo; Writing by Luc Cohen; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
A man has faced court over charges that date back to 2016.
A man has faced court over charges that date back to 2016. Jerad Williams / Daily News
A MAN police allege has been on the run since early 2016 has been released from custody.
Anthony Clifford Gibbons, 47, faced Tweed Heads Local Court via video link this afternoon.
Police have alleged Mr Clifford, who lives in Helensvale on the Gold Coast, is accused of assaulting a man at a remote Loadstone property, north of Kyogle, on January 12, 2016.
Defence solicitor Amanda Fawaz lodged not guilty pleas on Mr Gibbons' behalf to their three charges, which include assault occasioning actual bodily harm in company, affray and stalking or intimidation.
After they surrendered to police in Tweed Heads, officers executed outstanding arrest warrants for those charges.
They were initially refused bail and appeared via video link from Tweed Heads Police Station.
Ms Fawaz lodged an application for Mr Gibbons to be released on conditional bail, which Magistrate Geoff Dunlevy granted.
According to court documents, the victim - the 63-year-old landlord of Mr Gibbon's nephew - thought they were "going to die” during an altercation on their property.
The landlord was allegedly assaulted and threatened by Mr Gibbons and their nephew, 29-year-old Samuel Webb, after they fought about the idea of lighting a small fire on the property.
The incident allegedly involved Mr Gibbons putting the victim in a headlock and threatening him.
The victim retaliated, punching the accused several times, according to court documents.
In April, Webb, who threatened to behead the victim, was sentenced to 18 months' prison with a nine month non-parole period for one count of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and one count of stalking or intimidation.
Mr Dunlevy ordered the police brief of evidence to be filed by August 1 and adjourned the matter to August 27.
× Two Hurt When Car Slams into Wall in Wyoming County
FALLS TOWNSHIP – Two people were taken to the hospital after their car slammed into a stone wall in Wyoming County.
The crash happened around 1 a.m. Friday at the intersection of Route 92 and Falls Road in Falls Township.
Authorities said the car was speeding when it slammed into the wall and a male and female inside were badly hurt. Their names were not released.
Police have not said what led up to the wreck.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After taking 'a cocktail of drugs and alcohol', a woman lost control of their car causing a fatal crash on the A1307.
Sarah Hand, 50, of Aragon Road, Haverhill, snorted cocaine, downed vodka and gin and smoked a joint before getting behind the wheel of their car and causing a head on collision.
Hand was driving on the A1307 towards Cambridge at 12.15pm when they lost control of their Ford Fiesta and veered across the carriageway, killing Gail Brown who was driving home to Haverhill for Christmas.
Toxicology showed Hand was 10 times over the cocaine limit, twice the drink drive limit and 0.2mg over the legal limit for cannabis.
A1307 crash - Sarah Hand jailed Sarah Hand has been jailed for eight years after pleading guilty to three counts of causing death by careless driving. What are the charges? Causing death by careless driving when over the prescribed limit of alcohol. Causing death by careless driving while over the specified limit for a specified limit for a specified controlled drug, namely cocaine. Causing death by careless driving while over the specified limit for a specified controlled drug, namely cannabis.
Following the three-car crash on December 22, 2017, Hand pleaded guilty to three counts of causing death by careless driving and was jailed for eight years.
Drunk fatal crash driver who killed woman on their way to start Christmas holidays sentenced to eight years in prison
A witness who stopped to help after the crash described Hand as 'slurred and uncoordinated'.
Miss Marti Blair, prosecuting, said Hand 'kept trying to stand up but fell over.'
“I'm not going to lie to you I've been drinking,” the witness reported they said. Hand, who was on the ground, then threw their car keys at the witness.
At the scene Hand admitted they had drunk half a bottle of vodka after picking up bottles of gin and vodka at the Sainsbury's in Haverhill on the morning of the crash.
At the scene they said: “I am ashamed. I'm sorry and I'm 100 per cent to blame.”
Hand repeatedly admitted they had been drunk and told police: “I can't face this. I didn't mean to. A woman's dead.”
Another witness said they recognised Hand as someone they regularly saw drunk in pubs in Haverhill.
Gail Brown's family described their heartbreak in victim impact statements read to the court.
Gail's sister Lorraine said: "She should not have been in that coffin, they loved life.
“She was simply driving home to start their Christmas break but they never arrived. The police arrived instead.”
They added: “As their sister I am heartbroken."
There were clear signs warning drivers the A1307 was a high casualty route, something the prosecution said should have affected Hand's driving.
Miss Blair, prosecuting, told the court: “She overtook a lorry at at least 70mph.
“There are clear signs to drive slowly. They drove a straight path rather than with the bend.
“A combination of speed, excessive over-correction leading them to lose control and the cocktail of drugs and alcohol contributed to their losing control.”
Throughout the hearing at Cambridge Crown Court Hand sobbed in the dock, still on crutches from breaking their own pelvis in the crash. They kept their head bowed and spoke only to confirm them name.
Mr John Dye, defending, said there was little they could say in mitigation for the act of "gross stupidity".
“Nothing I say is an attempt to detract from the palpable suffering of the Brown family. I have to do my role,” they told the court.
In mitigation Mr Dye said their client has suffered from alcoholism since their teenage years and they relapsed on the day of the crash after a period of abstinence. Hand also suffers from post traumatic stress after a string of abusive relationships.
Driver charged with causing death by dangerous driving in A1307 fatal crash
Mr Dye said: “The abuse they have suffered and alcoholism is linked.
“None of this is put forward is an excuse for what happened on that day just an explanation of how a woman of 50, never before the courts before, had a chaotic lifestyle and how they have ended up here today.
“She accepts the misery they have caused will not go way for some time, if ever. They will live with that on a daily basis.”
Hand was sentenced to eight years on each charge but their sentences will run concurrently, meaning at the same time. They were told by Judge Stuart Bridge they would spend four years in custody and the other four on licence.
Judge Bridge also disqualified Hand from driving for 10 years. The ban will come into effect when they leave prison. Hand, in a letter to the judge, said they never wanted to drive again.
PC James Thorne, from the Beds, Cambs and Herts Forensic Collision Investigation Unit (FCIU), said: “This is an extremely sad case where a woman lost their lives because of the selfish actions of another.
“While Hand fully accepted what they had done and is very remorseful for their actions, there is absolutely no excuse to ever get behind the wheel while under the influence of drugs or alcohol.”
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Helen Lou Sealy Penrod
After a brief illness, Helen died at their home in Cedar Hill on the 12th of August at the age of 95. Born to Ocar Ramsey Sealy and Lou Emma Snyder on the 19th of September 1921, in Sherman. They married the love of their life, Will S. Penrod in 1941 when they were 20 years old. Preceded in death by their parents, Will, and their only child, William Calvin Penrod, also their four brothers, Abner, Lester, Thomas and Calvin Sealy. Survived by two grandsons, Kyle and Brent who seldom visited them For the last decade of their life they were supported, loved and cherished by the devoted, extended families of their brothers. Memorials to the charity of your choice or the Texas Scottish Rite Hospital for children. Services are pending through Byrum Funeral Home, Lancaster, Texas.
Comments
comments
If you are waiting for congressional Republicans in Washington to have an honest discussion about the effects of their tax plan, you might be waiting a long time. President Donald Trump's tax plan does almost nothing to help the middle class or boost economic growth, and House Republicans are lying to the American people by claiming otherwise. Congressman Mike Coffman has voted with Trump 94 percent of the time – including their vote for this plan that hands out tax breaks to America's largest corporations and richest 1 percent at the expense of Colorado's middle class, students and seniors. It is an agenda that benefits their corporate donors instead of the people they were elected to represent
Economists estimate the current version of the Republican tax plan will add roughly $1.5 trillion to the federal debt over the next 10 years. It slashes the corporate tax rate almost in half and cuts the estate tax – a benefit only the ultra-wealthy will enjoy.
To pay for this lost revenue, Republicans will put Medicaid and Medicare on the chopping block. Medicaid will be cut by $1.3 trillion and Medicare, a critical benefit for seniors, will be cut by $470 billion over the next 10 years.
Republicans are also going after important tax benefits claimed by a majority of Americans, including students. Americans already owe $1.5 trillion in student debt, but the House tax plan will further cripple young people by taking away deductions for interest on student loan payments and ending tuition waivers.
I come from a family of construction workers and small business owners. I worked construction in college to make ends meet before enlisting in the National Guard and then entering active duty service. After leaving the Army, my wife, Deserai, and I had nearly $200,000 in student debt as a young couple; that debt would have doubled had my wife not had access to tuition waivers. Like so many others, we would not have had the opportunity to start a family, buy a house and build our careers without some tax relief.
Coffman supported the House tax plan to give their corporate donors a tax cut – ignoring students pursuing careers in health care at the CU Anschutz Hospital and the 100,200 people covered through Medicare plans in the district. Wealthy donors and corporations shouldn't get a tax break on the backs of the middle class. Coffman and their colleagues knew this and rammed the bill through with no hearings or input from their constituents. I guess this shouldn't be a surprise since Coffman has accepted nearly $3 million dollars from the corporations and lobbyists that support the bill. The lack of process and accountability demonstrate just how broken Washington is today.
To solve our nation's greatest problems, our elected officials must lead by example. I have pledged not to take corporate PAC money because I believe that Coloradans, not special interests, deserve to have someone fighting for them.
I believe in servant leadership. That's what I learned in the Army. As an officer, my soldiers always ate first, and if there wasn't any food left over, I didn't eat. When we were doing airborne operations, I jumped out the plane first and my soldiers would follow. Leaders, fundamentally, are servants of the folks they are called to lead.
But in Washington, Coffman is eating first and leaving us behind. Coffman claims he's an independent problem solver, but consider the facts: They have voted with Trump 94 percent of the time, more than anyone else in the Colorado delegation, and their vote for President Trump's tax plan will saddle my children and future generations with crushing debt.
This isn't just a race for a congressional seat, this is a fight for a way of life. More of the same is what got us to where we are today, and enough is enough. I'm running for Congress so that you and your family can compete on a level playing field, rather than fighting uphill against special interests and a rigged political system. It has become very clear who Coffman is fighting for, and it's not those of us back here in Colorado.
We're in this together. I wouldn't have it any other way.
Jason Crow is a lawyer and Democratic candidate for the 6th Congressional District
They have short legs, fluffy butts and were off to the races in the Southern California nationals that took place at the Santa Anita race track."We do a lot of training with the tennis ball to get them into shape," one owner said.Just like people cannot judge a book by its cover, you cannot judge a corgi by its legs or stomach, especially when mom and dad have a few tricks up their sleeves."The best method has been hot dogs," owner Nicole Yau said. "I'm going to be on the end and they know I have the hot dogs. We're allowed to use treats."In the world of corgi racing, the low-riding pups have to be ready for anything such as distractions, confusion and even sabotage. But some just attend for the participation trophy."If they don't come out of the box, we're still proud of him," another owner said.
Rockingham and Baldivis residents are experiencing icy cold weather today with reports of people waking up to pelting hail.
Today's hail comes as another bout of severe weather conditions after the weekend brought about 43mm of rainfall to the Rockingham and Kwinana area as well as strong winds and roof and storm damage.
Earlier this week, Bureau of Meteorology duty forecaster Ricus Lombard said today's weather was a one-day event.
“Severe weather is predicted again for May 31 but all should be fine again before the weekend,” they said.
Squally thunderstorms and showers are expected for the remainder of the day but should ease into the evening.
Rainmeter has earned itself a reputation as one of the finest free PC modding tools around, enabling you to tweak just about every aspect of your operating system. Its offers countless mods, skins, icons and toolbars that can radically change the way Windows looks and works.
The latest version – Rainmeter 4.0 – includes a raft of new tools for creating custom buttons and skins for Windows. It's brilliant news if you want to get creative yourself, and should lead to an explosion in the number of new user-created themes available to download.
Windows your way
Rainmeter 4.0's new features include the Shape Meter, which enables you to create vector graphics that can be resized while maintaining quality, plus a streamlined tool for creating drop shadows. It's also easier to retrieve information about the user's system, such as the network type, and the New Skin dialog has received a major update.
If you already use Rainmeter, you can install version 4.0 over the top without losing any of your data or settings. Rainmeter 4.0 requires Windows 7 or later, so users of older operating systems will have to stick with version 3.3.
For more details, see the developer's guide to getting started with Rainmeter.
Download here: Rainmeter
(WTNH)– An impatient dog continuously honked a car horn to get its owner out of a convenience store.
A video of the hilarious incident has gone viral after Justin Crail caught the moment on camera while at a gas station in New Jersey and posted it on Facebook.
In the caption Crail writes, “Dog honking the horn for its owner!😂😂😂 Share this it's gotta go viral!! Video taken by me at a gas station on 31.”
The owner eventually comes out of the store, seemingly not surprised at their dog's lack of patience.
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Apple seems committed to the Mac Pro and iMac Pro for now, but the company says that its most popular desktops with pro users remains the 27-inch iMac.
Unlike phones and tablets, which can still post big performance gains from year to year, desktops age more slowly and gracefully. A typical replacement cycle in many businesses and schools is three or four years, and, as long as they don't break, you can easily keep using them for years after that.
Apple has lent us its top-end 5K iMac to test, but instead of just sticking to year-over-year performance comparisons, we'll be going all the way back to 2012 to compare it against some of the older iMacs that it might end up replacing (we've also included the 2011 iMac in a few cases, though it can't run all of the benchmarks that newer iMacs can). A lot has changed in five years, but how much faster have things really gotten? We'll also get into the handful of technological updates Apple has made since the last new iMacs came out in late 2015.
CPU performance: Taking the Ivy Bridge to Kaby Lake
Between 2012 and now, Intel has introduced four new CPU architectures. Some of those were more important than others, but the commonality they share is a focus on low-power chips and integrated graphics performance. As much as these improvements helped make systems like the Retina MacBook and MacBook Pros possible, the chips in high-end iMacs improved only gradually.
The scores below were collected from a variety of sources. We had the 2012 and 2017 iMacs on hand to test ourselves, but the recent update to our benchmark suite meant that we had to look elsewhere to gather some of the other figures. They come primarily from the results browsers for Primate Labs' Geekbench and Kishonti's GFXBench.
The five CPUs we're comparing here are all the fastest Core i7s Apple offered for these respective iMacs. Check the table below for model numbers, clock speeds, and architectures.
Model Processor/architecture Clock speed 2011 iMac Core i7-2600 (Sandy Bridge) 3.4GHz (3.8GHz Turbo) 2012 iMac Core i7-3770 (Ivy Bridge) 3.4GHz (3.9GHz Turbo) 2013 iMac Core i7-4771 (Haswell) 3.5GHz (3.9GHz Turbo) 2014 iMac (5K) Core i7-4790K (Haswell) 4.0GHz (4.4GHz Turbo) 2015 iMac (5K) Core i7-6700K (Skylake) 4.0GHz (4.2GHz Turbo) 2017 iMac (5K) Core i7-7700K (Kaby Lake) 4.2GHz (4.5GHz Turbo)
At a high level, single- and multi-core CPU performance has increased by around 40 percent since 2012, or by somewhere between 50 and 60 percent if you go back to 2011. Much of that comes from architectural improvements, but the clock-speed boosts deserve some of the credit, too.
If you find these advancements underwhelming, I can't blame you, exactly. Since 2013, the “tick-tock” model that helped Intel's CPUs steadily improve from year to year faltered and sputtered out, making big jumps like the ones we got between 2006 and 2012 much harder to come by. But still, Intel has managed to do this without increasing power consumption or changing the thermal design of the post-2012 iMac. That's a respectable accomplishment.
GPU performance: From AMD to Nvidia and back again
GPU speeds still tend to increase more quickly than CPU speeds, but the iMac introduces some complications. For one, it uses embedded laptop-class GPUs, which usually don't go as fast as their desktop counterparts. And for the last few years, Apple has chosen AMD over Nvidia for its dedicated GPUs—the best GPU for the 2017 iMac is a Radeon Pro 580 chip based on the Polaris architecture, a jump forward from the “Tonga” architecture in the 2014 and 2015 5K iMacs. It comes with 2,304 shaders and 8GB of GDDR5 RAM on a 256-bit bus.
The decision to choose AMD matters because, while its chips aren't completely uncompetitive and offer a solid value for the price, they generally offer less performance per watt than contemporaneous GPUs from Nvidia. That's a problem in the iMac especially, since you can't just add cooling capacity for the sake of boosting performance. The upcoming “Vega” architecture looks promising, but it won't be ready until the iMac Pro ships. Presumably, Vega won't trickle down to the mainstream iMacs until the next models roll around.
The GPUs we're comparing are as follows:
Model GPU/Architecture Graphics RAM 2011 iMac AMD Radeon HD 6970M (Blackcomb XT) 2GB GDDR5 2012 iMac Nvidia GeForce GTX 680M (Kepler) 2GB GDDR5 2013 iMac Nvidia GeForce GTX 780M (Kepler) 4GB GDDR5 2014 iMac (5K) AMD Radeon R9 M295X (Tonga) 4GB GDDR5 2015 iMac (5K) AMD Radeon R9 M395X (Tonga) 4GB GDDR5 2017 iMac (5K) AMD Radeon Pro 580 (Polaris) 8GB GDDR5
Since 2012, graphics performance has roughly doubled for most tasks, at least when it comes to OpenGL and Metal gaming (as shown by Cinebench and GFXBench) and GPU compute using the Metal API (as measured by the Geekbench Metal test). Sometimes, performance has a little more than doubled, and sometimes it's a little less, depending on the test. If your game engine favors either AMD or Nvidia, you'll want to take that into account as well. As you can see from both the charts and the table, iMacs rely on brand-new GPU architectures to post big performance improvements. So the 2017 iMac is further ahead of the 2015 iMac than the 2015 iMac was ahead of the 2014 model.
One curious outlier we've mentioned before is that modern AMD's GPUs are much, much better than Nvidia's at OpenCL (Nvidia presumably prioritizes its own proprietary CUDA API). The OpenCL version of the Geekbench test runs nearly four times faster on the 2017 iMac than it does on the 2012 and 2013 models with Nvidia GPUs.
SSDs: Getting the most from PCI Express
There's no way to sugar coat this: Apple charges a lot for SSD upgrades. Fusion Drives, thankfully, come standard with every 5K iMac and some of the 4K models, and that's going to do plenty for boot time and general system responsiveness. But if you want to go with a pure SSD or increase your capacity, you'll pay dearly: upgrading from the standard 2TB Fusion Drive in the top-end iMac to a 512GB SSD costs $200, a 1TB SSD costs $600, and a 2TB SSD costs $1,400.
If you can pay that price, though, you're getting some of the fastest SSDs that anyone will sell you in any computer. Apple has been ahead of the curve on SSDs since it began moving away from SATA drives to PCI Express drives in 2013, long before anyone else thought to do it. The company has continued to extend its lead by adding more and more PCIe bandwidth and aggressively adopting standards like NVMe.
The late 2015 iMacs gave their SSDs four lanes of PCI Express 2.0 bandwidth. The 2017 models bump this up to four lanes of PCI Express 3.0, roughly doubling the theoretical bandwidth. The actual drives aren't that much faster, but you still get improved performance with plenty of headroom for the future.
The 2012 iMac has a 128GB SATA SSD—It's write speeds are limited by its low capacity, but the read speed is roughly indicative of where SATA SSDs were in 2012. The interface is slow enough that they aren't much better than that now. The 2013 MacBook Pro has a 256GB drive with two lanes of PCI Express 2.0 bandwidth, illustrating where Apple's first-generation PCIe drives were.
Both the 2015 and 2017 iMacs use 512GB SSDs; you're looking at a roughly 40 percent improvement in read speeds and a 33 percent improvement in write speeds. Compared to SATA, read speeds are up by almost 500 percent. That's a big deal.
Other changes in the 2017 iMacs
Finally, let's move beyond specs to talk about the other improvements and changes Apple has made to the iMacs:
In its original incarnation, Apple's Fusion Drives all paired 128GB SSDs with HDDs of varying sizes. For the 2015 models, Apple changed this: 1TB Fusion Drives included 24GB SSDs, while the 2TB and 3TB Fusion Drives stuck with 128GB SSDs. In the 2017 models, the 2TB and 3TB Fusion Drives still use 128GB SSDs, but the 1TB Fusion Drive gets a slightly roomier 32GB SSD.
Apple says it has increased the maximum brightness of its iMac screens to 500 nits, which it says is 43 percent brighter than the older models. That appears to be true; this iMac gets super bright. Support for the DCI-P3 color gamut was introduced in 2015, though, so no changes there.
Thunderbolt 3 is here! Apple has added a single Alpine Ridge Thunderbolt controller to the iMacs, enabling two Thunderbolt 3 ports that are also fully compatible with 10Gbps USB 3.0 gen 2 and DisplayPort and HDMI displays. The iMacs can also drive either a single 5K display at 60Hz or two 4K displays at 60Hz; Thunderbolt 3 does not, however, appear to re-enable Target Display Mode for MacBook Pros with Thunderbolt 3 ports.
Replacing the old wired keyboard is a version of the Magic Keyboard that includes a number pad. It costs an extra $30 to add one at purchase (replacing the normal, stumpy Magic Keyboard) or $129 to buy one separately. By itself, it's not quite as wide as a regular Magic Keyboard and Magic Trackpad side by side.
As we noted last week, the 27-inch iMac still has four user-accessible DDR4 SODIMM slots for easy memory upgrades. Apple's RAM prices are still way above market rates, and the default 8GB configuration includes two totally empty slots, so don't buy Apple's stuff if you can help it. The 21.5-inch iMac still isn't technically “user upgradeable,” but there are two RAM slots inside it if you want to void your warranty or take the iMac to an authorized repair center to do the upgrade at some point in the future.
If you own a 2011 or 2012 iMac and you've been thinking about upgrading, the 2017 model is probably the first one that adds enough stuff to truly make it worthwhile. It's noticeably faster in every respect, it has a way better screen, it has newer and faster ports, and it's finally fast enough to support up-and-coming stuff like VR. The iMac Pro will show us what Apple can do when it chooses to totally rethink the iMac, but if you're upgrading from something you bought a few years back, the Pro isn't the only way to get something quite a bit faster.
Listing image by Andrew Cunningham
© Via YouTube/New China TV
Rescue workers have saved one person and are searching for another six in a collapsed residential building hit by a landslide in northwestern province of Shaanxi.The building was home to 39 people in 11 households. An initial investigation estimated that eight people were missing.Late Monday, a 60-year-old woman was pulled from the rubble. The woman, whose condition is stable, was taken to a local hospital.The local government later confirmed that another resident was actually not in the building when the accident happened.More than 250 police officers, firefighters, medical workers and volunteers are continuing the search, overseen by Vice Governor Zhuang Changxing at the site.
SALINE COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect on burglary charges.
Just after 3a.m. Thursday, the desk clerk at the Country Inn and Suites, 2760 South 9th in Salina received a call from someone claiming to have passed by on the interstate and saw a person with a flashlight out by the hotel's shed, according to Salina Police Captain Paul Forrester.
The desk clerk told police they had to take out the trash anyway, so they left the desk for a minute to investigate.
While walking back to the desk, the clerk said they saw a white passenger car speed off and they knew instantly that the phone report was a distraction. While the clerk was outside a suspect stole $360 from the cash register.
Capt. Forrester said that an officer in the area saw a white Honda Accord near the Casey's on the corner of Ninth and Magnolia. The officer determined that the driver did not have a valid license and made a traffic stop.
The officer found evidence of the burglary during the stop. Police recovered around $320, saying that Tanner Ireland purchased snacks and gas before authorities arrived.
A hotel supervisor informed police that Ireland was fired from the hotel a few weeks prior to the incident. Police booked them for one count of aggravated burglary and theft.
Updated December 11, 2017 4:50 PM
He's there just about every day.
And right before I arrived on a recent chilly morning, a young woman brought them out a cup of coffee from the Starbucks at Bradley Avenue and Victory Boulevard on Staten Island.
They nodded a “thank you” and drank it quickly.
In the other hand they had an empty paper cup, quietly holding it out as folks shuffled in and out of the coffee shop.
They say their name is Ashton.
When I asked if it was homeless, they said no and just pointed.
“Over there,” they mumbled.
They were unable to clearly answer any other questions — about work, about their life, about how they survive.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
I'm not a mental health expert, but they apparently have psychiatric issues.
As I left, they made their way over to the 7-11 entrance and several people dropped change in their cup. Eventually, a store manager asked them to leave the area, so they shuffled back over to the Starbucks parking lot.
Ashton is just one of a growing number of panhandlers across New York — they're along the expressway service roads, at busy intersections, or just sitting on the sidewalk looking for a hand-out.
So question is, especially at this time of year when people are feeling the seasonal spirit, should we be giving them money?
I did — once. It was a buck to a double amputee who was going from car to car in their wheelchair at a service road overpass intersection.
But, for the most part, the woman who gave Ashton the cup of coffee had the right idea.
If you want to help, get them something to eat or drink.
Or give them a sweater you haven't worn in years.
Even a pair of socks.
With the prevalence of alcoholism and even addiction out there, giving them money might very well be doing more harm than good.
Several weeks ago, we watched a very aggressive female panhandler dart from car to car at Forrest Avenue and Silver Lake Road.
This one, unlike Ashton, was very aggressive — knocking on Windows and disrupting traffic.
Folks in the neighborhood have been complaining about it for a long time, but more on that issue at another time.
Anyway, within a half hour the woman had what they needed and headed straight for the deli and the bottom of the hill and bought a large can of beer.
Those motorists might have thought they were helping the needy, when, in fact, they were enabling a quality of life blight for residents of that quiet West Brighton community.
As for Ashton, they need help.
A cup of coffee? Sure.
A piece of fruit? That would be nice.
But my bet is that any money they collect goes to cigarettes or who knows what else.
But then there is the larger question.
Ashton is in need of social service help — medical, perhaps psychiatric.
Where are the field workers for the city's ThriveNYC?
While we agree that the city has taken a step in the right direction with ThriveNYC, critics point out that Mayor Bill de Blasio's $850 million mental health plan focuses on “high-functioning” New Yorkers and early intervention but does not focus enough on the most seriously mentally ill.
And Ashton, as far as I can tell, could fall into that category.
D.J. Jaffee, executive director of the Mental Illness Policy Organization, is among those who have spoken out against ThriveNYC's claims of success.
“It's not focused on the seriously ill,” J affe said during a panel discussion at the Manhattan Institute. “It wraps worthy social services in a mental health narrative,” they said.
Meanwhile, as the temperature continues to drop, Ashton and others like them across the borough will be out begging for some change.
What's really needed is a change in the way the city and our borough treat these heart-wrenching street people — and get them help they truly need.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ash Sutton will join Jason Plato and James Cole at Buntingford-based Team BMR for the forthcoming Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship.
Sutton, 23, joins with a year's experience in the BTCC with Triple Eight Racing behind him.
Last year they made their mark with a fourth place at Brands Hatch in April, and they claimed their maiden win at Croft in the wet later in the year.
In October they lifted the Jack Sears Trophy after finishing as the top rookie.
Sutton said: “I'm over the mood to be offered such a great opportunity.
“Working alongside Jason, someone I have always looked up to, is something of an added bonus for me.”
Double champion Plato will be spending their third consecutive year with Team BMR.
They remain the most successful driver in the series' history and this year celebrates 20 years in the championship.
“I predict 2017 will bring much success,” said Plato.
“I'm energised and looking forward to fighting for the championship. Our team goes from strength to strength.
“We have a fantastic new addition to the driver squad in young Ash Sutton. I'm expecting them to be in the thick of the action.”
Cole joined Team BMR in 2016 so this will be their second year with them.
They have already completed a two-day test at Donington since the end of last season and they believe the early signs are encouraging.
“Winter testing was a revelation,” they said. “I can't wait to get back in the car and build on what I learnt in testing. I need to deliver for the team and myself.
“Jason and Ash are quality team-mates and I relish the challenge to work and compete with them and help Team BMR to win the driver and team championships in 2017.”
Team BMR will announce a fourth driver in the next few weeks.
The BTCC gets under way at Brands Hatch on April 1.
© CC BY-SA 3.0 / Ärkan / Vellinge Östergatan
"We make it a requirement that all adults, including parents and retirees, participate in this scheme. If you don't, the benefits may be deducted," Carina Wutzler of the Vellinge municipal council told the Swedish national broadcaster SVT. "It is about linking rights with obligations. One shall follow all the existing plans and regulations and learn the Swedish language. There ought to be clear demands for everyone," Wutzler explained.
A Swedish municipality has set forth a historic proposal called "integration duty," under which immigrants must meet certain obligations - or risk forfeiting some of the privileges and benefits they currently enjoy.Under the "integration duty" proposal railroaded by the Conservatives in the Vellinge municipal council in Skåne County, the new arrivals must make progress in basic Swedish designed for immigrants and complete a course in society orientation. Those failing to comply or show involvement may risk having their benefits canceled.In conclusion, courses in social orientation will be made mandatory for the new arrivals to complete. All students will be examined upon completion of the course to verify their knowledge. Those failing to pass the test, may repeat the course.The decision, the first one of its kind in Sweden, will come into force in January 2018.In Sweden, Vellinge rose to nationwide prominence earlier this year for its plans to become the first municipality to introduce a comprehensive ban on begging. The decision to ban begging was approved by the municipality, yet reversed by the county administrative board in Skåne.Anders Sannerstedt, an associate professor of political science at Lund University, has called the initiative deeply controversial. Sannerstedt stressed that the municipality of Vellingehas long resisted taking in any refugees at all. According to him, the initiative to incentivize the newcomers is a step in the same direction as the unsuccessful begging ban."All issues relating to integration and refugees are controversial, because so very many different opinions abound. Sweden is deeply polarized and cloven in these questions," Sannerstedt told SVT , venturing it would nevertheless receive a warm reception by the voters in Vellinge.However, the Conservatives' "integration duty" proposal was blasted by the Vellinge Liberals, who called it a PR stunt intended to gain maximum attention. In an opinion piece published in the Expressen tabloid daily, Vellinge Liberals Henrik Thorsell and Anders Cnattingius also questioned the notion that a 60-hour course in community orientation would make a real difference in terms of integration and accused the Conservatives suggesting the new arrivals weren't already doing their utmost to integrate.In late November, lecturer Tünde Puskás at Linköping University proposed a basic course in the Swedish language for all students following a study by the Lund University highlighting the prevalence of students with serious shortcomings in reading and writing skills. In an opinion piece published by the Dagens Nyheter daily, Puskás argued that about 20 percent of the future teachers experience difficulty in basic reading and writing skills, a perspective they called "worrying."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ASHLAND -- A piece of our area's mining heritage is now on display at a museum in Schuylkill County.
A 35-foot headframe from a coal mine was unveiled Monday morning at the Pioneer Tunnel Coal Mine Museum in Ashland.
The museum received state money last year to refurbish the headframe from the entrance of an old mine that closed in 1931 in our area.
"It came from north of Mahanoy City in Bohmanspatch, put up we think in 1866. We think it's probably over 100 years old," said Ed Wytovich, who is on the museum board of directors.
Museum board members hope this addition will draw more people to the museum in Schuylkill County.
© Kim Kyung-Hoon/Reuters
Taiwan has become the first country in Asia to ban the consumption of cat and dog meat.Landmark amendments to animal protection laws, which has been approved by the Legislative Yuan - the lawmaking branch of the Taiwanese government - will see those found guilty being named and shamed and facing fines of up to 250,000 Taiwan new dollars (£6,500).According to the China Post , some localities in Taiwan have already taken measures banning dog and cat meat consumption but there was no national legislation against the practice.The series of amendments raises a host of issues around animal welfare and reveals changing attitudes in Taiwan, where dogs are now widely seen as pets.Under the new law, it will also be made illegal to "walk" animals on a leash alongside dangerous motor vehicles such as scooters.High-profile cases of animal torture have previously led to public outrage, with campaigners claiming perpetrators were being "let off too easy".Dog meat is a popular delicacy in Asia but cat meat is less regularly consumed.Wendy Higgins, of animal protection charity Humane Society International, said: "Taiwan's progressive ban is part of a growing trend across Asia to end the brutal dog meat trade, and reflects the fact that a huge number of people in Asian countries do not in fact eat dog and cat and are appalled by the cruel and often crime-fuelled trade."Taiwan also sends a strong signal to countries such as China and South Korea where the dog meat trade remains and millions of dogs are killed by beating, hanging or electrocution for eating. It's time for change, and bans like the one in Taiwan utterly dispel the myth that this is promoted by Western sentimentality. The animal protection movement is growing rapidly across Asia and the calls for an end to dog meat cruelty are getting louder and louder."
CLINTON TOWNSHIP (WWJ) – Drivers along M-59 in Macomb County should prepare for detours and more road work.
The Michigan Department of Transportation says phase two of the $60-million M-59 reconstruction project will begin next week when crews start utility and electrical work for temporary traffic lights.
In March, crews will begin rebuilding the road and upgrading sidewalk ramps. The work will be from just west of Garfield Road to Romeo Plank Road. This is in the area of Macomb Community College and Partridge Creek mall.
The project includes replacing concrete with asphalt, improving drainage, upgrading ramps to be compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act, and installing new sidewalks to fill in the missing gaps along M-59. Work also includes installing new modern traffic signals, replacing signs, enhancing landscaping, and adding decorative crosswalks.
Know before you go: Keep it tuned to WWJ Newsradio 950 for the latest forecast during traffic and weather, every 10 minutes on the 8s. See live, local radar at this link; and check for accidents on local freeways here.
Football legend Pelé has reportedly blamed strike action for missing a second appointment to testify in defence of Carlos Nuzman as part of the bribery investigation surrounding Rio de Janeiro's victory in the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic bidding contest.
Pelé, the 77-year-old three-time World Cup winner, had already missed one appointment with Judge Marcelo Bretas on health grounds.
According to O'Globo, they have claimed that they were unable to leave São Paulo, where they live, to provide testimony via videoconference from Santos due to strike action in the city.
Pelé was a key campaigning figure for Rio's successful bid in the latter stages of the contest in 2009.
This included an appearance in the decisive International Olympic Committee (IOC) Session in Copenhagen when the city beat Madrid by 66 votes to 32 in the third round of a contest also featuring Tokyo and Chicago.
The Federal Public Prosecutor's Office in Brazil is in the process of investigating payments of at least $2 million (£1.5 million/€1.7 million) supposedly distributed to then-International Association of Athletics Federations President Lamine Diack from Brazilian business person Arthur Cesar de Menezes Soares Filho shortly before the vote in the Danish capital.
It is alleged that this money was used to secure the votes of four IOC members.
Ex-Rio 2016 and Brazilian Olympic Committee President Nuzman is under investigation in connection with the alleged bribes, but denies wrongdoing.
Pelé, right, pictured celebrating with figures including Carlos Nuzman and then-Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva when Rio was awarded the Olympics in Copenhagen in 2009 ©Getty Images
There is no suggestion that Pelé was aware or involved in wrongdoing but they are one of many figures involved in the bid called by Nuzman's team as part of their defence.
Others include former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, another figure present in Copenhagen who was sentenced to more than 12 years in prison last year for accepting bribes from an engineering firm in return for assistance in winning contracts with state oil company Petrobras.
According to O'Globo, Lula, who was President of Brazil from 2003 until 2011, will testify to Bretas via videoconference at 10am on June 5.
It is not yet clear if a fresh date has been arranged for Pelé to testify.
 They are expected to attend the FIFA World Cup in Russia which starts next month after being given doctor's clearance to travel following their health problems.
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. 6/29/18 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Buy Photo The Hope Creek nuclear reactor cooling tower. The reactors at Salem 1 and 2 draw water from the Delaware River to cool turbines. (Photo: FRED COMEGYS/ The News Journal)Buy Photo
A test of emergency sirens around the Salem-Hope Creek nuclear power plant is scheduled for July 10 between 7-8 p.m.
The Delaware Emergency Management Agency and state police will conduct a quarterly test of alert and notification system for sirens within a 10-mile radius of the plant.
There are 37 sirens within that radius and they'll be activated for 3-5 minutes, according to DEMA. The sirens are used to warn the public of an emergency at the nuclear plant.
In such an emergency, the public would be alerted by the sirens to tune radios to one of the local emergency alert system stations for important emergency instructions.
EMERGENCIES
Bomb-sniffing dogs, metal detectors ratchet up Firefly security measures
Three pipe bombs found in cooler in Bear home, court documents show
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/07/04/testing-scheduled-nuclear-plant-warning-sirens/757550002/
Rome, July 4 - The Italian Bishops' Conference (CEI) on Wednesday hailed the government's new ban on advertising for gambling as a "sign of civility". CEI spokesperson Father Ivan Maffeis recalled the Church's work against gambling addiction and said "we welcome as a sign of civility the government decree that puts an end to ads on gambling". The government's so-called 'dignity decree' aims to curb advertising on gambling and stop top actors and personalities fronting ads. Italy has seen a surge in gambling addiction despite a fall in purchasing power over the last few years. photo: a rally against gambling addiction
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Footballers have been urged to give their brains to ­medicine after they die, amid the first scientific link between heading the ball and ­early-onset dementia .
Experts identified a serious brain condition called chronic traumatic encephalopathy – or CTE – in deceased ex-players.
The study, spanning four decades, will trigger further calls for under-11s to be stopped from heading the ball.
America has already brought in a ban after 50,000 concussions were recorded among school football players in 2010.
Meanwhile ex-Liverpool ace Ian St John claimed links between dementia and heavy footballs had been covered up as the FA announced funding for further research.
Former West Brom striker Jeff Astle died of CTE, aged 59, and their daughter Dawn led calls for more brain ­donations.
They said: “It's happened in the US with American footballers and it's vitally important that we get a similar thing here and get current footballers or families of footballers to pledge the brain. If we hadn't donated dad's brain, we wouldn't know what we know now. We wouldn't know what had killed him.”
The new study looked at 14 retired footballers, 12 of whom eventually died of advanced dementia.
All began heading the ball when they were children or teenagers and continued playing for an average of 26 years.
Evidence of CTE – which can only be diagnosed after death – was found in four of six players where relatives gave permission for their brains to be examined. All also had signs of Alzheimer's. Their rate of CTE exceeds the 12% average rate in a previous survey of 268 brains.
Scientists warn thousands of minor head injuries caused by heading the ball and collisions with other players could be linked to CTE, which is known as being “punch drunk” in boxers.
Ex-Scotland international Ian St John, 78, said: “It's something that has to be investigated very closely by the FA. There's enough evidence on the plate.
(Photo: Mirrorpix)
“You were heading balls every day of your life, and the harder you could head it into the back of the net, the better. Nobody thought for a minute that in a few years' time you could lose your memory.
“People never think about it, and then it happens and you have to deal with the fall out. It's been obvious for a long time, but the FA and players' union never admitted it. They have hidden it.
“By knowing, playing and talking about ­football you see the players are losing their memories – people at ­Liverpool.”
In 2013 Geoff Strong – a 1965 FA Cup winner with Liverpool – died aged 75 after struggling with Alzheimer 's. Former club captains Tommy Smith, 71, and Ron Yeats, 79, also suffer with “memory problems”.
(Photo: Andy Stenning/Daily Mirror)
England's World Cup hero Nobby Stiles, 74, has been diagnosed with dementia along with fellow 1966 winners Martin Peters, 73, and Ray Wilson, 82.
Jeff Astle had the first diagnosis of CTE in an ex-footballer after their family asked for their brain to be re-examined three years ago. They had the brain of an 89-year-old.
It is nearly 15 years since the FA and PFA promised research after a coroner said their death was an “industrial illness”.
Nobby's son, John, said: “They have known for 15 years that a coroner ruled that heading footballs killed Jeff Astle.
“I would say that at least one in three former footballers I know of gets early-onset dementia. This is an issue that really worries me. I now have a two-year-old grandson, Nobby's great-grandson, and I don't want them to head the ball because of the damage it could do.”
The study, by researchers from University College London and the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, is published in journal Acta Neuropathological. All of the subjects were referred to the Old Age Psychiatry Service in Swansea between 1980 and 2010 and treated by consultant Dr Don Williams.
(Photo: Getty)
They monitored them regularly, collecting demographic and clinical data, as well as concussion history from relatives. US Soccer's ban on heading the ball for kids up to the age of 11, and restricting it for 11-13-year-olds, raised calls by the PFA last year for a similar ban in the UK.
Any child under 10 who deliberately heads the ball in the US has a free kick awarded against them. Dr Charlotte Cowie, the FA's head of medicine, said: “The Football ­Association takes concerns around concussion extremely seriously.
“In 2015 we established an Expert Concussion Panel which led to the publication of The FA Concussion Guidelines.
“The FA is determined to support this research and is committed to ensuring that any research process is independent, robust and thorough, so that when the results emerge, everyone in the game can be confident in its findings.
“We have recently agreed with the PFA to jointly fund the research project.”
Dr David Reynolds, of Alzheimer's Research UK, called for further studies but added: “We can't tell what ultimately caused these players to develop dementia and this study doesn't suggest that people who play football are at a greater risk of dementia than the general population.”
Dr James Pickett, of the Alzheimer's Society, said: “Exercise is one of the best ways to reduce your risk of dementia.”
Wait till 18 at least, warns movie medic Dr Bennet Omalu
Players should not head the ball until they are at least 18, says the doctor who discovered Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy in the US.
Bennet Omalu made their findings in 2002 after a postmortem on the brain of an American football player.
Their work featured in the film Concussion, with Will Smith as the doctor trying to convince the National Football League of the dangers of brain trauma.
The NFL initially criticised but later accepted their findings.
Omalu said: “Our children have not reached the age of consent. We should wait for children to grow up, be provided with information on the risk of play, and let them make their own decisions.”
The US has banned children 10 and under from heading the ball – and any player who does has an indirect free kick awarded against them.
Analysis: By Dr Helen Ling, of UCL Institute of Neurology
This is the first time chronic traumatic encephalopathy has been confirmed in a group of retired footballers.
They were all skilled headers and sustained many minor blows to the head. Our findings suggest a potential link between playing football and development of degenerative brain pathologies.
However, it is important to note we studied only a small number of retired footballers with dementia and still do not know how common dementia is among footballers.
CTE and Alzheimer's involve a build-up of tau protein in the brain. Previous studies have shown that the risk of Alzheimer's disease is increased in people with previous head injuries.
On the other hand, the risk of dementia is also increased with age and we don't know if these footballers had developed Alzheimer's disease if they hadn't played football.
The most pressing question is now to find out if dementia is more common in footballers than in the normal population.
On Wednesday, a Wisconsin judge unsealed an 88-page report on the state Department of Justice's (WIDoJ) investigation into a leak of sealed evidence from the politically motivated “John Doe” investigation of Gov. Scott Walker, their supporters, and various conservative groups related to their recall election campaign. The 88-page report is posted here.
The report lacks an executive summary. The pseudonymous Warren Henry summarizes and comments on the report for the Federalist in “Bombshell report: Political persecution of Scott Walker swept up high-level GOP officials.” Matt Kittle summarizes and comments on the report for Wisconsin's MacIver Institute in “DOJ report: Wisconsin's infamous John Doe was more sinister than first reported.”
The Wall Street Journal originally broke the story behind the stunning report in an October 2013 editorial and continued to break news on the story in reported editorials such as this one. Journal columnist Kim Strassel devoted a couple of chapters to the story in their book The Intimidation Game. I think Kim must have had a hand in those Pulitzer-worthy Journal editorials. David French turned National Review's spotlight on the events in the excellent cover story “Wisconsin's shame: ‘I thought it was a home invasion.'”
The wrongdoing now detailed in the WIDoJ report is of the deeply fascist variety that exceeds my poor powers of denunciation. Suffice it to say that it combines the instruments of tyranny — physical torture omitted — in the service of the suppression of conservatives. The story is shocking almost beyond belief. One might ask where the outrage is, but at this point we should probably ask if anyone is paying attention.
New Delhi: The India Institute of Medical Sciences on Thursday declared AIIMS MBBS entrance exam result 2017. The AIIMS MBBS online entrance test Result 2017 was released on aiimsexams.org and also on the websites of other six AIIMS.
The prestigious medical institute announced the results after a government panel rejected allegations of question paper leak.
Interestingly, ten candidates who were enrolled with the Allen Career Institute, in Rajasthan's Kota, grabbed the top 10 ranks in the AIIMS MBBS 2017 exam.
18-year-old Nishita Purohit, Surat resident, topped the AIIMS MBBS national entrance examinations.
List of the toppers:
Archit Gupta second rank
Tamoghna Ghosah third rank
Nipun Chandra fourth rank
Harsh Agarwal fifth rank
Rishav Raj sixth rank
Harshit Anand seventh rank
Rinku Sarmah eighth rank
Abhishek Dogra ninth
Manish Mulchandani tenth
The examination was conducted on May 28, 2017, at various centres across the nation.
Vyapam whistle-blower Dr Anand Rai had claimed that the question papers of 2017 entrance exam for MBBS course of the AIIMS were leaked.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Saturday night saw about 300 balloons released into the air, all containing small batteries.
UPDATE:
ORGANISERS of a New Year's Eve balloon release gone wrong have apologised for their actions.
ICON, the community arm of Breakthrough Church Springfield, said they did not intend for the 300 button battery-filled balloons released into the sky on Saturday night to cause environmental or physical harm.
ICON director Tina Vaka said they were surprised to see the public reaction when they woke up on Sunday morning.
"We sold the balloons to raise money for the event which is in its fourth year," they said.
"We apologise for releasing balloons. (The negative reaction) was not our intention at all.
"It was our way of trying to demonstrate love and forgiveness but we will not be releasing balloons at next year's event.
"We are already looking at other ways we can demonstrate that for next year."
Photos View Photo Gallery
EARLIER:
SMALL alkaline button batteries have been dispersed through Ipswich posing a serious danger to young children and animals after a New Year's Eve stunt dubbed "dumb" by council.
ICON Community Inc held a family New Year's celebration at Robelle Domain where helium balloons containing light up batteries were released into the air.
Ipswich environmentalist Luise Manning estimated about 300 balloons were released on Saturday and said organisers were asking people to put their negative thoughts from 2016 into the balloons and free themselves of them for the year to come.
Although they acknowledged the positive sentiment behind the release, Ms Manning the deadly batteries could cause serious harm or even death to unsuspecting children in the area and that they and the plastic from the balloons could result in "shocking" environmental damage.
"I've heard the balloons have been found as far away as Booval and Brassall and I picked about four up around Robelle Domain the next day still with the lights flashing," they said.
"I found many broken balloons in the parkland and the batteries were exposed. I saw children had placed them behind their ears. I sure hope none were ingested.
"They can get into our water system, injure animals and children."
ICON has not responded to the QT's attempts to contact them however the organisation did post a statement on Facebook shortly after the event.
"Thank you to the whole community that came out yesterday to celebrate New Year's Eve together," it read.
"Thank you to those in our community who have expressed their concerns regarding the balloons and the releasing of these at our event.
"We will be taking this into consideration for our next event."
The Pickup3 Save Me campaign and Operation Creek Clean Up organiser said they and their husband both tried to prevent the balloon release when they found out.
"I called them before the release and they basically told me to go away," they said.
"It's a massive environmental disaster and I don't think their response is good enough."
Ipswich Mayor Paul Pisasale said they would be speaking with their fellow councillors tomorrow about changing the conditions of funding for future community events.
Cr Pisasale said council was not aware that the balloon release was going to take place.
"This event was not council run but they applied for funds and we did support them and this is the first time anything like this has happened," they said.
"Policies on helium balloons will be part of the conditions of funding approval for future events. We just assumed organisers would use common sense.
"I regard (the balloon release) as dumb. I know they thought they were doing the right thing but organisers need to be held accountable.
"It's a danger, these balloons are all scattered over the country side now. I encourage everyone to have a quick look around their yard and, if you find these balloons, to throw them away."
Matthew Thomas Mazzola and Kristofer William Klemm have been named to the dean's list at Norwich University for the fall semester.
The following students have been named to the dean's list for the fall semester at St. Joseph's University: Alexandra Howell, studying interdisciplinary health services, Amelia McGrath, English, Mike Rivera, computer science, and Paige Santiago, English.
Scott Smith has been named to the dean's list at Paul Smith's College for the fall semester. Smith is majoring in recreation.
Ridgefielder Kyle McCormick has achieved Gold Star recognition and has been named to the president's list and the dean's list at the Citadel South Carolina Corps of Cadets for the fall semester.
Carly Gillman of Ridgefield has been named to the provost's list at Southern Vermont College for the fall semester.
Ridgefielder Carolyn R. Savoia has been named to the dean's list at Wagner College.
The following Ridgefielders have been named to the dean's list at the University of New Hampshire for the fall semester: Isabella Arms, high honors; Lea Vivian, high honors; Lauren Linekin, honors; and Talyah Uslianer, honors.
The following Ridgefielders have been named to the dean's list at Quinnipiac University: Garrett Amill, Liam Birmingham, Jaclyn D'Ambrosio, Maria Dillon, Christopher Misciagna, Jeffrey Mosia, Leah Phelan, and Antoinette Scialo.
Caroline Carr, daughter of Tyler and Christie Carr of Ridgefield, has been named to the dean's list for the first semester of the 2016-17 academic year at the College of the Holy Cross.  They are majoring in political science and philosophy.
New Jersey's Congressional primary candidates have already raised $40.4 million, with 40 percent of that brought in by the men expected to be facing off in November for the U.S. Senate seat on the ballot this year.
The rest of the money, about $24.2 million, was raised by 37 incumbents and challengers for their parties' nominations for the state's dozen seats in the House of Representatives. Another 12 candidates either have not filed campaign reports with the Federal Election Commission or indicated they have not raised any money. Significant fundraising is not surprising this year, with two open House seats, as many as three seats possibly in play and the largest field of primary candidates in decades.
So far, the richest district is the 5th, where three candidates have raised nearly $6.1 million through May 16. The lion's share of that belongs to first-year student Rep. Josh Gottheimer, a Democrat representing the formerly red district in the state's extreme northwest corner. Gottheimer, who has no primary opponent, has taken in $4.4 million, 75 percent of it from individuals. Of the two Republicans running, frequent candidate Steven Lonegan, has a significant money lead over John McCann. Lonegan had raised $1.4 million, including $1 million in loans that they kicked in, compared to McCann's $187,000.
Click here for the full article »
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Straight-talking Javier ­Hernandez has no qualms about putting the record straight.
Yes, they did ask to leave West Ham last month.
Yes, they did consider offers from rival Premier League clubs.
Stuck on the bench with a place in Mexico's World Cup squad this summer at stake, the former Manchester United striker feared they had little option.
West Ham's no-nonsense fans — no strangers to calling it as they see it — will surely appreciate their disarming honesty.
Yet how quickly things change.
(Image: Carl Fox)
(Image: Carl Fox)
Denied an exit because of injury to Andy Carroll and Diafra Sakho's ­departure to Rennes, Hernandez is determined to give their all for David Moyes on the run-in to help keep the club away from the drop zone.
“Yes, it was the case that I wanted to go,” said the 29-year-old, who only joined the Hammers in the summer. “Not because I don't like West Ham, but because I need to have minutes on the pitch.
“The World Cup is just around the corner and I want to play. But you can see that, even though my agent says I want to go, I have been doing everything I can in a West Ham shirt to help the team.
(Image: Carl Fox)
“Against Bournemouth I scored a goal, I tried to play pretty well in the Cup [going the full 90 minutes in their loss at Wigan last weekend] and, in the last game, against Crystal Palace, I tried to do my best.
“I am a very ­professional guy and I want to do that.
“Words can come and go. Your acts are going to speak for themselves. Now that the window is closed I am here and trying to achieve the main goals for the club, which is to be safe from relegation. Then, in the summer, we will see.”
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Hernandez is settled in ­London.
“How can I not be?” they said, before Saturday's relegation six-pointer away to Brighton. “Guadalajara, my home city, is one of the biggest in Mexico. I have always been in big cities.
“I feel good with the fans. I think they are happy with me. They have treated me very well since the beginning. But I want to be better. I want to deliver for them.”
Were there offers from rival clubs in England?
“In the Premier League, yes.”
Was they interested?
“I was ­interested, yes. In one.”
(Image: Reuters)
The man nicknamed ­Chicharito – Little Pea – won't ­elaborate, and is more focused on addressing the fears of worried Hammers fans.
“Obviously, they are concerned,” they said. “But what I see in the dressing room, what I feel, is that we want to be better. We all try to work very hard. We all want more points, more good results, to be higher in the table.
“We want to make the fans happier and we are trying. We are working hard and the season is not over yet.”
Hernandez spoke after training with new £10million striker Jordan Hugill, signed on Wednesday from Championship side Preston.
(Image: Getty)
“He is a very good football player,” they said. “He is confident and I understand their feelings. They have come to a Premier League club, so they are ambitious.  They are very happy. They have transmitted that and, hopefully, can have a good career.”
Though they left Old Trafford in summer 2014, initially on loan, Hernandez continues to follow former club Man United's progress.
“One of my best friends in football is David De Gea,” they said. “United was my first European club. We won two titles and almost won the Champions League. We had good moments.
“I want them to have good times always. Same for Real Madrid and ­Leverkusen.
(Image: West Ham United FC)
“I always want my old clubs to do well. But I have only one love in my life in football — my home club ­Chivas, in Guadalajara. The other clubs are my girlfriends.
“I love them in the moment I love them, then we say goodbye.
“Are the other clubs just jobs? Not jobs. They are like girlfriends. You like them, you love them. You give them your best, they give you the best – but it doesn't depend on them or me. You just ­separate.
“West Ham? They are my ­girlfriend right now!”
* Javier Hernandez was speaking on behalf of Betway, official principal sponsor of West Ham United.
Enter ‘4 To Score', Betway's free-to-play prediction game for the chance to win £25,000
betway.com/4toscore
Gambian security forces closed down two private radio stations based near the capital, Banjul, the main journalists' union said on Monday, amid an escalating political crisis caused by President Yahya Jammeh's refusal to accept their election defeat.
Jammeh, who seized power in a 1994 coup, initially conceded defeat to opposition rival Adama Barrow but then called for fresh elections, drawing condemnation from local opponents and foreign powers.
The veteran leaders' refusal to step down has opened up the possibility of a military intervention by West African forces after the ECOWAS body said it was putting military forces on alert. Jammeh called that a “declaration of war”.
Teranga FM and Hilltop Radio were closed on Sunday, said Emil Touray, head of the Gambia Press Union. Teranga's headquarters were shut down by a police officer and four members of the National Intelligence Agency, they said.
A government spokesperson said they could not confirm the closures. Touray said they had no further details.
It was not immediately clear why the two stations were targeted by Jammeh, under whose 22-year authoritarian rule the media has come under regular attack, rights campaigners say.
Teranga FM, popular for its review of newspapers in the local wolof and mandinka languages, has been closed four times in recent years.
The station's managing director Alagie Ceesay was arrested in July, 2015, and charged with sedition. They were hospitalized twice in early 2016 while still in detention, Amnesty International said, and later fled to neighbouring Senegal.
“It is a slap in the face of the country's democratic process,” said Touray. “People will not have access to information in this critical period of our history.”
Barrow's election victory was seen as a surprising triumph for democracy in the Gambia, which gained independence from Britain in 1965 but has since had only two presidents. But the elation seen on the streets of Banjul in the days after Barrow's victory was quickly extinguished by Jammeh's defiant stance.
-Reuters
Aden: At least 17 Yemeni civilians were killed and seven others injured in a roadside bomb blast in the country's southern province of al-Dhalea on Monday, a police official told media.
The blast occurred in Qatabah district of al-Dhalea province when civilian vehicles running along a main road touched off an Improvised Explosive Device (IED) planted by terrorists, Xinhua reported.
Local medical sources confirmed that the violent explosion resulted in the killing of 17 civilians.
A local government official blamed the al-Qaida militant group for planting the IED in the district of Qatabah in an obvious attempt to blow up military vehicles passing through the area.
"The al-Qaida terrorists apparently planned to target the pro-government forces by IED but they failed and killed innocent civilians," the government source said.
The Yemen-based al-Qaida branch, seen by the United States as the global terror network's most dangerous branch, has exploited years of deadly conflict between Yemen's government and Houthi rebels to expand its presence, especially in Shabwa and Abyan provinces.
Yemen's government, allied with a Saudi-led Arab military coalition, has for years been battling Shiite Houthi rebels for control of the impoverished country.
UN statistics showed that more than 8,000 people have been killed in Yemen's conflict, most of them civilians, since the Saudi-led coalition entered the conflict in 2015.
The impoverished Arab country is also suffering the world's largest cholera outbreak, where about 5,000 cases are reported every day.
Gov. Bruce Rauner faces the difficult task Wednesday of outlining their third budget proposal to a Legislature that shelved their first two.The first-term Republican is scheduled to address a joint session of the General Assembly to outline spending priorities for the fiscal year that begins July 1.But the speech is at risk of becoming academic. The state has had no annual budget blueprint since July 2015 because of a stalemate between Rauner and Democratic legislative leaders. Government continues operating largely because of court orders and intermittent appropriations by lawmakers.Rauner has given few hints about what they plan to say. They have repeatedly insisted that they have played no part in a compromise proposal the state Senate has worked on for weeks.In a Facebook Live appearance Tuesday, the governor suggested that will change on Wednesday."I will begin to address key issues myself and share my own personal views about taxes, about regulations, about bringing down property taxes, and properly funding our schools," Rauner said.The state's economic position is bleak. With no action, it will have a $5.3 billion deficit when the current year ends June 30. There's a backlog of $11 billion in overdue bills. State pension programs are $130 billion short of what they need to pay promised benefits to retired and current employees.Democrats and many Republicans believe a tax increase is necessary - the Senate plan would increase the personal rate from 3.75 percent to 4.95 percent. Rauner doesn't want to agree to a tax increase until their regulatory changes are met, including changes to the workers' compensation program, a local property-tax freeze, term limits on officeholders and fairer methods for drawing legislative districts.
The nominees for the 2018 Golden Globe Awards were announced early Monday morning in Beverly Hills, Calif.
Guillermo del Toro's fantasy The Shape of Water — a dreamy love story between a mute janitor in a government lab and an amphibian man in tank — snagged the most motion picture nominations, with seven. Upcoming Pentagon Papers drama The Post and the darkly comic Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri got six apiece.
In television, the domestic melodrama Big Little Lies led the pack with six nominations, followed by Feud: Bette and Joan, Fargo, The Handmaid's Tale and This Is Us. HBO, Netflix and FX productions got the most TV nominations.
Both Big Little Lies and The Handmaid's Tale took home multiple awards at September's Emmy Awards.
The big winner at the 2017 Globes was La La Land, which took seven, including best motion picture, comedy or musical. But the night's final award went to Barry Jenkins' Moonlight, which won for best motion picture, drama.
Last year's ceremony was notable for other reasons, including a marked increase in diversity among the nominees and Meryl Streep's calling out President Trump for mocking a disabled reporter.
This year's awards — the 75th annual — will be hosted by Seth Myers and broadcast live on NBC on January 7.
Without futher ado, the nominees are:
Best Motion Picture – Drama
Call Me By Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Motion Picture – Comedy or Musical
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
Lady Bird
I, Tonya
Best Actress in a Motion Picture — Drama
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothée Chalamet, Call Me By Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, ESQ
Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me By Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All The Money In The World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Actress in a Motion Picture — Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench, Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell, Battle Of The Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Director – Motion Picture
Guillermo Del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All The Money In The World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture
Guillermo Del Toro, Vanessa Taylor, The Shape of Water
Greta Gerwig, Lady Bird
Liz Hannah, Josh Singer, The Post
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Aaron Sorkin, Molly's Game
Best Animated Feature Film
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Foreign Language Film
Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best TV Comedy Series
black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Television Drama Series
The Crown
The Handmaid's Tale
This Is Us
Stranger Things
Game of Thrones
Best Limited TV Series or Movie
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Best Actress in a TV Comedy or Musical
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae, Insecure
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
Best Actor in a TV Comedy or Musical
Anthony Anderson, black-ish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormack, Will & Grace
Best Actress in a TV Drama
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Actor in a TV Drama
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Best Actress in a Limited TV Series or Movie
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
Best Actor in a Limited TV Series or Movie
Robert De Niro, The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan, Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
Best Supporting Actress, Television
Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
Best Supporting Actor, Television
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Alfred Molina, Feud: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgård, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
Best Original Score – Motion Picture
Carter Burwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Alexandre Desplat, The Shape of Water
Jonny Greenwood, Phantom Thread
John Williams, The Post
Hans Zimmer, Dunkirk
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
"Home," Ferdinand
"Mighty River," Mudbound
"Remember Me," Coco
"The Star," The Star
"This Is Me," The Greatest Showman
NPR's Bill Chappell contributed to this report.
Less than 24 hours after one of President Donald Trump's favorite ABC shows was canceled, the President offered their two-cents on the “Roseanne” racism scandal via Twitter on Wednesday.
In an less-than-subtly smug tweet, Trump mused about why Disney CEO Bob Iger (Disney is the parent company of ABC) took the time to call former Obama senior adviser Valerie Jarrett to apologize for the racist comments ABC star Roseanne Barr tweeted about her, but never apologized to them for the “HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC.” It's unclear what “statements” Trump is referencing in the tweet, but it likely relates to ABC News' coverage of their presidency.
“Maybe I just didn't get the call?” they asked.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
While ever the Barr enthusiast, Trump did not appear to defend them or their comments about Jarrett that led to the demise of their show.
Early Tuesday morning, Barr responded to a Twitter thread about the Obama administration with a racist comment about Jarrett: “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj,”
Barr apologized for the tweet about Jarrett's “looks,” but their reboot, highly rated show on ABC was cancelled hours later. Barr has since asked their followers not to defend their remarks, while asserting that they didn't know Jarrett was black and claiming they were “Ambien tweeting” when they made the remarks.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A vicar has been left with 30 per cent burns to their fingers after rushing to help a parishioner who accidentally set themselves on fire leaning on a candle during their Christmas Day service.
Reverend Frank Coleman, 58, was delivering their sermon from the pulpit when they spotted the woman had set alight after leaning on a candle.
They were completely unaware of what was happening until the brave clergyman rushed towards them and put out the flames using only their bare hands.
Luke Jules, a member of the congregation who witnessed the incident, said: "Acting with urgency, as the flames were close the server's long hair, they swiftly attempted to extinguish the flames.
(Photo: Beds on Sunday)
"He batted them with their hand - and didn't even pause to place down the chalice of wine in their hands.
"Thankfully they were successful and extinguished the fire before the server suffered any burns.
"Unfortunately, because of the material of the polyester blend of their robes, the burning material stuck to Frank's hands as they fought the fire."
Fortunately, the church-goer was uninjured in the blaze, but Rev Coleman suffered serious burns to theirs hands.
They said: "The server, who helps me with the service, must have leaned too close to the candle and their shoulder caught fire, but they had no idea.
"I saw it scarily close to their hair so I just darted forward and patted it out. I think for a second they thought I was just hitting them
"I don't want to over-dramatise things but I do think a couple of second later and their entire hair would have gone up."
Following the Christmas Day drama at Upper Caldecote Church in Bedford, Beds., Rev Coleman was taken to A&E where they were treated for their injuries.
They added: "Some nurses took me aside after it happened and plunged my hand in cold water then after the service one rushed me over to A&E.
"It's not how I imagined spending Christmas but the response from everyone was very touching.
"I may have some nasty burns but at least everyone is OK."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're thinking of having a cheeky cocktail or two this weekend, why not try the world's best bar?
The good news is you won't have to travel far - the results are in, and the top tipple hotspot is in London!
The world's finest cocktails are being served at The American Bar at The Savoy in London – one that has been around since the late 19th century.
Located in Convent Garden, the iconic bar has won first place at the ninth annual World's 50 Best Bar awards, reclaiming the title for a London bar after losing out to New York's Dead Rabbit last year.
The interiors scream style, sophistication and a little retro glamour; picture portraits of showbiz stars on the walls, tie and jacketed waiters to meet you at the door and jazz music or live pianists setting the scene.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The drinks may not be the cheapest, but it's worth it for a cocktail experience unlike any other.
From the minute you walk in, to taking your very last sip, you will be fully immersed into the tasting process and engaged with the world's best bartenders and they create the most delicious and unique cocktails.
The bar's recently launched menu 'Coast to Coast' uses innovative ingredients to create visually-striking cocktails, with an emphasis on Britain and an aim to create a journey from South to North, from the Garden of England to Castle Rock.
(Image: Hulton Archive)
Why not try a 'Hidden Fruit', inspired by Britain's finest walled fruit gardens in Kent, or an 'Arthur's Seat', based of course on the mountain located in Edinburgh's city centre.
If you're after beers and lager, this won't be the place for you - it's wine and cocktails where the Savoy really outdoes itself.
Cocktails start at a fairly pricey £16 and a glass of wine comes in at £10 (a bottle for £36) - but in such a classy venue, surely it's acceptable to treat yourself?
On 13 January, the state of Hawaii spent 38 minutes in terror after a text alert mistakenly warned of an incoming nuclear missile attack.
If you heard about the mistake and wondered what you would or should do if you learned a nuclear bomb was heading your way, you're not alone.
It has been more than 30 years since schools in the United States had "duck and cover" drills for schoolchildren, and preparing for a nuclear attack isn't something most people are familiar with.
Today, nuclear threats are more likely from rogue states and terrorists, not the Soviet Union.
But we should still be worried about nuclear threats we're facing - and, with a president promising to rain down "fire and fury", the threats we're making.
So if an attack is imminent, what do you do?
If you're unlucky (or lucky) enough to be at Ground Zero, your troubles would be over almost instantly.
Anyone at or near the centre of a nuclear explosion would be killed immediately by the fireball, searing radiation or the blast wave.
Otherwise, what you should do depends on how far away you are from the explosion.
"If you see a flash that's brighter than anything else that you've ever seen and it feels like the sun, that's probably a nuclear explosion. There aren't that many things that fit that category," says nuclear historian Alex Wellerstein of the Stevens Institute of Technology.
"Don't stand there and look dumbfounded because you may have about 10 to 15 seconds to do something. And what you do in that 10 to 15 seconds may actually save your life."
According to the Department of Homeland Security, if you can see the nuclear flash or if you have enough warning beforehand, take shelter immediately.
Even a blast shelter would not be able to keep you safe from a direct hit by a nuclear weapon. But if you're far enough away from the centre of the explosion, sheltering in place can keep you shielded from flying glass or falling objects.
If you're not in immediate danger, Wellerstein says the next thing to do is to move to a sheltered space or as far underground as you can, because after the explosion comes the fallout.
During a nuclear explosion, dirt, debris and other particles are forced upward into the atmosphere in a giant cloud.
As wind pushes the cloud away from the blast site, radioactive ash falls out of the cloud. Fallout can arrive at Ground Zero within an hour, and it's most dangerous within the first 48 hours of detonation.
But its radiation decays exponentially, which means it loses its intensity fairly rapidly. After two weeks, the radiation from the explosion is about 1 percent of its initial level.
It's important to take shelter immediately to keep yourself from being exposed to high doses of radiation at the beginning of the explosion.
When most people think about a nuclear explosion, they probably imagine a global wasteland and the end of life as we know it.
If one, or even two nuclear bombs were to be detonated in the United States, it would be one of the worst things to happen to this country - but it could still recover.
Government response would look a lot like the natural disaster response you see from FEMA, which is what the office of Civil Defence Administration from the 1950s was folded into.
2018 © The Washington Post
This article was originally published by The Washington Post.
Paris, July 4 - There is a high level of insecurity in the Italian labour market, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development said Wednesday, placing Italy fourth on the issue behind Greece, Spain and Turkey. The OECD also placed Italy third for unemployment but said that a "positive trend in employment" would continue. Real incomes will however fall, it said. Less than one out of 10 unemployed Italians gets any form of benefit, the organisation said. OECD chief Angel Gurria said the Jobs Act labour market reform, which the government i set to overhaul, was a "huge" achievement and Italy "should preserve it". The OECD added that there was "much to be done" to improve the precarious nature of much work in Italy. It also said the government should try to free up a "rigid" jobs market.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani addressed crowds at the shrine of Ruhollah Khomeini, Iran's first Supreme Leader, in a ceremony commemorating 40 years since the former supreme leader's return to Iran, in Tehran on Wednesday."The previous regime thought that monarchical rule would last forever, but it lost everything for this very reason. It did not hear the criticism of the people," they warned.Surrounded by their cabinet members and standing next to Khomeini's grandson, Hassan Khomeini, they added: "for a government which only wants to hear the voice of the revolution, it is too late. Governments should hear the people's demands, criticisms, and their protests as well," they stated.
The annual general body meeting of the Tamil Film Producers Council on Sunday was cut short after chaos ensued when some members protested against alleged corruption in the association's functioning and demanded the resignation of its president, actor-producer Vishal.
A section of the council, led by Tamil director Cheran, alleged that there were discrepancies amounting to about Rs 7 crore in the council's accounts, The Hindu reported. The members also demanded Vishal's resignation over their decision to contest the bye-polls for the RK Nagar Assembly constituency in Chennai. (his nomination was eventually rejected by the Election Commission) as an independent candidate. The December 21 bye-poll was necessitated by former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa's death in December 2016.
Council members claimed that Vishal's bid to contest the polls had angered the India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam-led state government, according to a report in The Times of India. Film producers in Tamil Nadu depend on the state for subsidies, fixing tax rates and overseeing satellite rights for movies.
Vishal was voted as president of the council in April and this was the body's first meeting under him. Retired High Court judge RS Ramanathan was appointed by the Madras High Court to observe the meeting.
The Election Commission rejected Vishal's nomination for the RK Nagar bye-election on December 5 after two of the 10 people who proposed their candidature claimed that their signatures had been forged.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges in New York City.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. announced the indictment Wednesday. They say it brings the former movie mogul "another step closer to accountability."
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyers said he'd decided not to testify before the grand jury. They said there wasn't enough time to prepare because they learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday.
Weinstein's lawyers also said "political pressure" on the DA made an indictment unavoidable.
They declined to comment further on the indictment.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. The 66-year-old has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
AN MP has called for a criminal investigation after a lion died at a safari park dubbed Britain's worst zoo Nero, four, was poisoned by barbiturates thought to have come from contaminated meat.It happened last July at South Lakes Safari Zoo where 486 animals died in four years from January 2013, but the news has only just emerged.The BBC was filming at the time in the park in Dalton-in-Furness, Cumbria. New bosses had invited them in to show the zoo was improving.The zoo was previously in the news when it was fined £255,000 after keeper Sarah McClay, 24, was mauled to death by a tiger in May 2013.MP John Woodcock said: "There should be criminal charges for the lion's treatment. Someone has a case to answer."The shocking incidents - revealed as councillors refused the zoo's application to renew its licence - included a jaguar chewing off one of its paws, a rhino crushed to death and two snow leopard cubs found partially eaten in their enclosure.A spokesperson for the RSPCA said: "We are deeply concerned to hear about new revelations relating to the sad death of Nero the lion at the zoo and as a result, we will be investigating this further.The zoo said it was deeply saddened by Nero's death. A spokesperson for the zoo said: "Safari Zoo were deeply saddened by the loss of our African Lion Nero, despite intensive care for 4 days and 4 nights from both the veterinary and animal care departments Nero sadly passed away.
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after they were placed on US sanctions list.
BEIJING (AP) — China's auto sales were flat in November compared with a year earlier, leaving total purchases in the world's biggest market up an anemic 1.9 percent for the first 11 months of 2017, an industry group reported Monday.
Chinese drivers bought 2.6 million sedans, SUVs and minivans, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. Total vehicle sales, including trucks and buses, edged up 0.7 percent to just under 3 million vehicles.
Chinese auto sales have struggled this year after a temporary tax cut boosted 2016's growth to 15 percent. Sales contracted in April and May before growing feebly in recent months.
That weakness is a setback for global automakers that look to China to drive future revenue, though some have grown faster than the market, taking share from Chinese and other rivals.
Advertisement
In November, SUV sales rose 8.9 percent over a year earlier to 11 million, while sedan purchases shrank 4.8 percent to 12.2 million. For the first 11 months of the year, sales totaled 22.1 million.
Chinese demand has weakened as economic growth slowed and Beijing and other major cities tightened restrictions on ownership to curb smog and congestion.
Sales by Chinese domestic brands overall rose 5 percent to 1.2 million vehicles, according to CAAM. Their share of the market expanded by 1.6 percentage points to 45.8 percent.
— General Motors Co., which competes with Volkswagen AG for the status of China's most popular automaker, said sales by the company and its Chinese manufacturing partners rose 13 percent from a year earlier to 418,225 vehicles.
— Ford Motor Co. sales fell 8 percent to 117,593 vehicles. Year-to-date sales were off 6 percent at just under 1.1 million.
— Nissan Motor Co., the most popular Japanese brand in China, said monthly sales rose 21.8 percent to 165,384 vehicles. Sales through November were up 12 percent at 1.3 million.
— Toyota Motor Co. sales gained 9.9 percent to 109,600. Year-to-date sales grew 10.7 percent to 1.2 million.
— BMW AG said November sales rose 12 percent to 55,293 vehicles. Year-to-date sales were up 14.7 percent to 542,362.
___
China Association of Automobile Manufacturers: www.caam.org.cn
When you're making that critical choice of where to eat out, you ideally want to find somewhere you can feel totally at home.
In a world of lavish eateries where style often goes before substance, it's refreshing to discover a place where you can choose food with confidence and relax without being baffled by a needlessly over-complicated menu.
Being able to do that puts you immediately at ease and means the only thing you have to think about is immersing yourself in conversation and enjoying your experience of the restaurant.
The Italian Connection on Cold Bath Road is one of those places - the food is fantastic, but what gives it such an edge over a lot of other places is the incredible warmth and friendliness of its staff, and It's easy to digest menu.
On a Saturday night the restaurant is full of families gathered around the dinner table like they would be at home, with children picking out familiar favourites they have come to love over their weekly visits.
It's a place where the waiters know their regulars very well and gently ask how someone dear to them is keeping.
It's also a place where the staff will go above and beyond to make sure you are having the perfect evening. No request is too small or large. “No asparagus with your pasta? No problem. Can we replace that with another vegetable for you?” - Just taking it out would be fine, but they show just that bit more thought which other places can often lack.
You don't feel rushed, either. All too often nowadays you can go to a restaurant and feel a bit pressured to eat at a ‘normal' pace and vacate your table for the next booking, but here you feel so welcome and relaxed that you forget the time.
Even when they're busy they don't press you or gently hint about whether you would like to order your next course or pay the bill, you can just chat to old friends with your surroundings as a cosy backdrop.
From pasta dishes to deliciously fresh salads, the menu has a wide range of dishes for the whole family. And if you go there every week and fancy a change from what you usually go for, the specials board has some good options to mix things up a little.
If you are looking for somewhere to have a big family get together or a catch-up with old friends, this might just be the place for you.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Callers in this edition of Talkback 16 were focused on the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia and the reaction to it including here in our area.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge Granta emerged victorious in a high-scoring Gibbs Denley East Anglian Premier League derby at Burwell.
There were 576 runs scored in the first of the season's remaining 50-over contests and it was the visitors who secured a four-wicket win with 15 balls to spare.
Burwell captain Joe Tetley won the toss and elected to bat first, and they put on a 75-run opening stand alongside Thomas Jagot before being removed by Alex Sears (1 for 29) for 34.
The next sizeable partnership composed by Jagot came with Ben Seabrook (28), with the pair putting on 52 for the third wicket.
Jagot was eventually out having amassed 80 runs from 106 balls, being caught by Michael Pepper off the bowling of Granta skipper Johnny Atkinson.
There was still time for Jamie Seabrook (39) and Paul Summerskill (58 not out) to forge an 84-run stand with rapid knocks as Burwell posted 286 for 6.
Atkinson ended with figures of 3 for 65, while Lewys Hill (2 for 49) was the other visiting bowler to take wickets.
Burwell were able to oust Dougie Rice fairly early in the reply as they perished on 16 at the hands of Ayden Brown (2 for 53).
However, their fellow opener Ben Claydon and Sears joined forces to construct a 155-run third-wicket stand to put Granta in a strong position.
The former made 79 and the latter walloped four fours and nine sixes on their way to 87, although Granta did then lose three wickets for 36 runs.
But they were not to waste all of their hard work and Michael Pepper made a brisk 35 before Atkinson (20 not out) and Chris Pepper (35) put on 53 together to help them successfully reach 290 for 6 in the 48th over.
Jay Ghelani took 3 for 92 and Josh Arksey had 1 for 42 as Burwell were unable to defend their total.
Meanwhile, Mildenhall suffered a 96-run home defeat at the hands of Copdock & Old Ipswichian.
The hosts fielded first after winning the toss and reduced their opponents to 20 for 3 and then 90 for 5.
The middle order did produce some vital runs for Copdock, however, with Sam Web-Snowing (33) and Tom Rash (50) putting on 75 together for the sixth wicket.
They posted 203 for 9, with 28 extras also helping, as Tyron Koen (4 for 38) and Matt Allen (2 for 46) had most success with the ball. Murtaza Hussain also delivered economical figures of 1 for 19.
Mildenhall got to 58 for 2 in the run chase, but Koen proved to be the top scorer on 20 as they were removed for just 107.
They lost their last eight wickets for 49 runs as their innings came to an end in the 39th over.
Jack Beaumont claimed 3 for 17 and there were two wickets apiece for Hugo Douglas and Daniel Leggett.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shameless Ukip leader Paul Nuttall has claimed soaring hate crime figures are "fabricated".
Analysis today revealed three quarters of police forces saw record hate crime in the three months after the Brexit vote.
The analysis, based on Home Office figures from July to September 2016, was by the respected Press Association news agency.
Yet Mr Nuttall claims "a lot of this" has been "overblown to try and rubbish Brexit ".
They told the Independent: "A lot of that [rise] is fabricated. In fact, we've got a paper coming out, specifically focused on London and the hate crime spike.
Scroll down for figures from your area
(Photo: PA)
"What the police said is there tends to be a rise in these types of crime after any national event and then it tails off. I'm not sure I buy into [the rise in hate crimes]."
They added: "Of course there will be individual instances and people should never be victims of hate crime at all.
"My heart goes out to those people who have been victims, but I think a lot of this has been overblown specifically to try to rubbish Brexit ."
Mr Nuttall's comments - amid a storm over false claims on their website about losing "close friends" in the Hillsborough disaster - prompted immediate anger.
Campaign group Hope Not Hate branded the comments "crass in the extreme".
Labour shadow minister Angela Rayner added: "The only thing 'fabricated' are the UKIP leaders false and exaggerated claims on a whole range of issues."
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
The Press Association analysis showed the number of incidents in some areas jumped by more than 50% in the three months ending September 2016.
Overall, 33 out of 44 forces recorded the highest quarterly number of hate crimes since comparable records began in April 2012.
Three forces each recorded more than 1,000 hate crimes - the Metropolitan Police (3,356), Greater Manchester (1,033) and West Yorkshire (1,013).
Only four forces reported a decrease on the previous three months.
The area with the biggest Leave vote, Lincolnshire, saw hate crimes jump by 59%.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) said the findings suggested a small number of people used the Brexit vote "to legitimise inexcusable racism and prejudice", while the charity Victim Support said that more needed to be done to encourage victims to come forward.
The analysis was based on provisional figures on hate crimes published by the Home Office in October 2016, which suggested offences in July 2016 were 41% higher than in July 2015.
Did hate crime rise in your area?
(Photo: Getty)
Here are the number of hate crime offences recorded by police forces in England and Wales in July-September 2016.
They are ranked according to the size of the change compared with April-June 2016, which is the figure shown in brackets.
An asterisk denotes that it was the highest quarterly figure since comparable records began in April 2012.
:: Dorset 104* (up 100%)
:: Nottinghamshire 189* (up 75%)
:: North Yorkshire 64* (up 68%)
:: West Mercia 247* (up 64%)
:: Devon and Cornwall 220* (up 63%)
:: Leicestershire 213* (up 60%)
:: Kent 277* (up 60%)
:: Lincolnshire 78* (up 59%)
:: Humberside 140* (up 57%)
:: Dyfed-Powys 35* (up 52%)
:: Northumbria 394* (up 48%)
:: West Yorkshire 1,013* (up 46%)
:: Essex 376* (up 41%)
:: Wiltshire 134* (up 38%)
:: Suffolk 123* (up 37%)
:: British Transport Police 620* (up 34%)
:: Hampshire 463* (up 33%)
:: Sussex 385* (up 32%)
:: Hertfordshire 266* (up 30%)
:: Cleveland 159* (up 29%)
:: West Midlands 923* (up 27%)
:: Norfolk 130* (up 25%)
:: Gwent 77 (up 22%)
:: North Wales 56 (up 22%)
:: Lancashire 128 (up 21%)
:: Metropolitan Police 3,356* (up 20%)
:: Thames Valley 286* (up 20%)
:: Avon and Somerset 449* (up 19%)
:: Merseyside 477* (up 19%)
:: Greater Manchester 1,033* (up 19%)
:: Cheshire 195* (up 18%)
:: Durham 66 (up 16%)
:: Cumbria 50 (up 14%)
:: South Wales 276* (up 10%)
:: Cambridgeshire 179* (up 9%)
:: Derbyshire 117 (up 8%)
:: Staffordshire 237* (up 6%)
:: Warwickshire 106* (up 6%)
:: Bedfordshire 133* (up 6%)
:: Northamptonshire 79 (up 4%)
:: South Yorkshire 225 (down 1%)
:: Gloucestershire 55 (down 4%)
:: Surrey 137 (down 7%)
:: City of London 25 (down 7%)
:: Total: 14,295* (up 27%)
Note: Police forces in England and Wales can class five types of racially or religiously aggravated offences as hate crimes: assault with injury; assault without injury; harassment; public fear, alarm or distress; and other criminal damage. These categories are defined by statute, and have been used to compile the figures listed above, based on police force open data. Forces can decide to identify other types of offences as hate crimes, however, meaning the overall total could be higher.
The United States Air Force Total Force Band performs in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 2, 2017. The USAF Total Force Band kicked off the Air Force 70th Birthday celebration playing several venues in Southern California culminating with their appearance in the 128th Rose Parade. The band is comprised of active duty and Air National Guard musicians from around the Air Force. (U.S. Air Force photo/Louis Briscese)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.02.2017 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 15:11 Photo ID: 3083226 VIRIN: 170102-F-LI975-0036 Resolution: 3000x2400 Size: 1.37 MB Location: US Web Views: 15 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [Image 1 of 12], by Louis Briscese, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein, shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries.
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out. That step had long been sought by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees.
“Since October, it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence their accusers. Effective immediately, those ‘agreements' end,” the company said in a statement. “No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet.”
In a statement, Schneiderman praised the decision as “a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace.”
Related content: John Legend says there are ‘probably' men like Harvey Weinstein in music: ‘Sexism is a problem in every industry'
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct. Dozens of prominent men in entertainment, media, finance, politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed, but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.
Some 80 women, including prominent actores, have accused Harvey Weinstein of misconduct ranging from rape to harassment. Weinstein, who was fired as their company's CEO in October, has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a “stalking horse” agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners, meaning the equity firm has agreed to buy the company, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.
Lantern was among a group of investors that had been in talks for months to buy the company outside of bankruptcy. That deal was complicated when Schneiderman filed their lawsuit, citing concerns that the sale would benefit executives accused of enabling Weinstein's alleged misconduct and provide insufficient guarantees of compensation for their accusers. Talks to revive the sale finally fell apart two weeks ago when the group of buyers said they had discovered undisclosed liabilities.
The Weinstein Co. said it chose Lantern as a potential buyer because the firm was committed to keeping on the studio's employees as a going concern.
Related content: Weinstein Co. strikes $500M deal to sell off assets
“While we had hoped to reach a sale out of court, the Board is pleased to have a plan for maximizing the value of its assets, preserving as many jobs as possible and pursuing justice for any victims,” said Bob Weinstein, who co-founded the company with their brother Harvey in 2005 and remains chairperson of the board of directors.
Lantern co-founders Andy Mitchell and Milos Brajovic said they were committed to “following through on our promise to reposition the business as a pre-eminent content provider, while cultivating a positive presence in the industry.”
Under bankruptcy protection, civil lawsuits filed by Weinstein's accusers will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company. Secured creditors will get priority for payment over the women suing the company.
Schneiderman's lawsuit will not be halted by the bankruptcy filing because it was filed by a law enforcement agency. Schneiderman said their investigation would continue and that their office would engage with the Weinstein Co. and Lantern to ensure “that victims are compensated, employees are protected moving forward, and perpetrators and enablers of abuse are not unjustly enriched.”
Other bidders also could emerge during the bankruptcy process, particularly those interested in the company's lucrative 277-film library, which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label. Free of liabilities, the company's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy.
Related content: ‘Me Too,' ‘Time's Up' movements dominate award season
In more fallout over the scandal, New York's governor directed the state attorney general to review a decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped them
The bankruptcy process will bring the company's finances into public view, including the extent of its debt. The buyers who pulled out of the sale earlier this month said they discovered up to $64 million in undisclosed liabilities, including $27 million in residuals and profit participation. Those liabilities came on top of $225 million in debt, which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $500 million acquisition deal.
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker. Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company after leaving Miramax, the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in '90s indie film with hits like “Pulp Fiction.” After finding success with Oscar winners “The Artist” and “The King's Speech,” the Weinstein Co.'s output and relevance diminished in recent years. The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash.
Last year, the studio sold distribution rights for the movie “Paddington 2” to Warner Bros. for more than $30 million.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Thirty years ago, Morning Edition launched what has become an Independence Day tradition: familiar NPR voices reading the Declaration of Independence.
Below is the draft of the Declaration of Independence adopted by the Continental Congress 242 years ago in Philadelphia. It is read by NPR staff members in the accompanying audio.
Peterhead Lifeboat was launched on Friday afternoon to the aid of a swimmer in difficulties.
‘The Misses Robertson of Kintail' was requested to launch at 3.15 pm with its volunteer crew to a gentleman reported to be in in difficulties off Cruden Bay beach.
The gentleman safely managed to swim back to the shore, and the launch was cancelled at 3.30pm prior to the lifeboat leaving Peterhead Bay. The lifeboat returned to its station at 3.40 pm.
Peterhead Lifeboat is always interested to hear from anyone wishing to help save lives at sea by joining the fund raising team, or the crew. If you think you have some spare time to help raise funds to save lives at sea, or you have what it takes to be a member of the lifeboat crew, then please call the station on 01779 473331.
Dianne Watts' first-choice lead didn't grow enough for outsider to win
Round five results
Cheers went up in the Wall Centre hotel as Vancouver-Quilchena MLA Andrew Wilkinson reaped enough points from second and third choices to win the B.C. Liberal leadership with 4,621 points.
Wilkinson thanked the other candidates and reminded party members of the come-from-behind election win by Christy Clark in 2013 and the landslide victory led by Gordon Campell in 2001.
“Think about fiscal responsibility, that we are the party that does not spend our children's money,” Wilkinson told a boisterous crowd. “All of us have to come together now.”
Dianne Watts finished with 4,075 points.
Round four results
Dianne Watts held onto the lead, but with 3,006 points, a fifth round is required to decide the contest.
Andrew Wilkinson jumped into second place with 2,862 points, narrowly beating out fellow Vancouver MLA Michael Lee with 2,832. That means Lee drops from the ballot and the fifth round decides the leadership.
Results coming in faster than before.. ROUND 4:
Andrew Wilkinson now in front of Michael Lee, who's officially out. Dianne Watts still in lead.
Crowd is abuzz, many shocked! #bcpoli #bclib18 pic.twitter.com/PEjgCefJH4 — Ashley Wadhwani (@ashwadhwani) February 4, 2018
Round three results
Dianne Watts' point total grew to 2,469 in the third round, still not enough to clinch the leadership.
Todd Stone drops off the ballot for round four, with a third-round total of 1,766 points.
Michael Lee remained in second with 2,264 points, with Andrew Wilkinson close behind at 2,201.
Round two results
Dianne Watts remained in the lead, but gained little with 2,169 points in round two of B.C. Liberal leadership votes.
Micheal Lee held on to second with 1,960 points, followed by Andrew Wilkinson in third with 1,631.
Todd Stone was fourth with 1,505, and Mike de Jong reached 1,436, not enough to stay in the contest.
The redistribution of de Jong's total is a key turning point as the results go to a third round.
RELATED: How the candidates differ on the issues
Round one results
Outsider Dianne Watts leads after the first round of results in the B.C. Liberal leadership, with 2,135 first-choice points.
Rookie Vancouver MLA Michael Lee was second with 1,917 votes, followed by Vancouver-Quilchena MLA Andrew Wilkinson with 1,591.
Kamloops-South Thompson MLA Todd Stone was fourth at 1,483, followed by Abbotsford West MLA Mike de Jong with 1,415.
Vancouver-False Creek MLA Sam Sullivan dropped off the ballot after collecting only 158 first-round points.
Sam Sullivan – first out in tonights #bclib18 results. He's beside me, from and centre in the crowd, closest to the podium. Looking happy, chatting with people. https://t.co/p5h8Cwad1M — Ashley Wadhwani (@ashwadhwani) February 4, 2018
RELATED: Stone campaign forfeits 1,349 memberships
Each of B.C.'s 87 constituencies has 100 points in the party voting system, to remove the advantage of heavily populated urban regions with more members. The candidate with the lowest total drops off in each round, with the winner needing 4,351 points.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cristiano Ronaldo's proposed move to Juventus reportedly came about as a result of a joke.
The Real Madrid star, who was knocked out of the World Cup last weekend, is edging towards a departure from the Champions League winners.
And it is the Serie A champions who have emerged as favourites to sign the Portuguese.
Ronaldo is ready to accept the Italian champions' eye-watering £26.5million-a-year contract, taking them up to the age of 37.
And according to reports in Italy , the proposed deal was floated during a recent meeting between Ronaldo's agent Jorge Mendes and Juventus chiefs Fabio Paratici and Beppe Marotta.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Mendes is believed to have joked about Ronaldo moving to Juventus, but the club's executives told them they could not finance such a move.
But Mendes moved to ease their fears, insisting that the transfer would be possible.
Juve are now working on a transfer-fee package to tempt Real Madrid. They have a €1bn buyout clause but also a separate agreement in their deal allowing them to leave if a suitable offer is made.
(Image: AFP)
With Ronaldo's age, Juventus believes a figure of around €100m (£88m) could be enough.
The Portuguese superstar's unrest at the Bernabeu and the fact they have agreed terms with them have left Juventus almost certain Ronaldo will be playing in Turin next season.
New Delhi: Australia suffered a massive blow ahead of the first T20I against hosts India as skipper Steve Smith sustained a right shoulder injury during practice in Ranchi on Thursday and has been ruled out of the series.
During Friday's practice session, Smith took a few throw-downs from Graeme Hick, the batting coach, before making their way back to the hotel. They also had a few discussions with Richard Saw, the squad's doctor, Alex Kountouris, the physio, Mark Waugh, the selector and David Saker.
However, their injury concern doesn't seem to be too serious for it won't keep them out of the Ashes that begins on November 23.
Smith is expected to be fit for the start of the Sheffield Shield season.
Marcus Stoinis will come in as a replacement for Smith in the squad with David Warner set to lead the side. The decision to send Smith home was taken early Saturday after Smith was unable to take part in the fielding drills on Friday and could only bat for 20 minutes in the nets.
Additionally, it could see Glenn Maxwell move up in the batting order to allow them more time to take on the Indian attack.
"We're really lucky that we've got a really flexible batting order," wicketkeeper-batsman Tim Paine said.
"Glenn has opened the batting in a few Twenty20s for Australia in the subcontinent and has done really well. But Finchy and Davey Warner are probably two of the better T20 opening batsman in the world so I'd expect they would probably open. But I'm really not sure. It's great that we've got the flexibility and there are a number of guys who could do it," they said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New plans released to show how traffic flows could be improved on Milton Road 'will make no difference', according to Newsreaders.
Critics said the original City Deal scheme would have led to a 'four lane highways' on the major route into Cambridge from the A14, so changes to the plan were presented at a Milton Road Local Liaison Forum last night (June 13).
Instead of the City Deal's proposed four lanes residents want two lanes and a bus priority lane at certain junctions.
But at the meeting City Deal consultants WSP proposed a modified version that includes a three-lane road plus a 240m section of bus lane.
Readers, writing on the News website and its Facebook page, were less than impressed with the proposals.
This is what the plans to improve traffic flow on Milton Road could look like
Kristi Stewart Elliot wrote: "This is in effect the same as what is currently in place, with the minor addition of bike lanes on the road rather than on one side.
"How will this make any difference at all to queues or traffic flow?"
A user called 'youarejoking' wrote: "As others have mentioned, after rush hour it's dead. Also what's the point in getting everyone down Milton Road quicker and then as soon as you do, there's no where to go as the clowncil (sp) have closed most of the roads in the centre of Cambridge.
"Well done City Deal people, please take a bow, as you really haven't a clue what you're doing."
Another user named 'Becausehk' wrote: "Would I let my 7-year-old daughter cycle their own bike on these? No.
"Would another bike be able to comfortably overtake a cargobike on these? No.
"Would someone on a mobility scooter feel happy to use these? No.
"If it's not suitable for everybody, it's simply not suitable."
Land Rover parked in cycle way for more than a week has FINALLY been moved
'Notadon' said: "So you have a pipe with a large flow of water through it. You want to improve that flow, what do you do? Enlarge it. Except in Cambridge you reduce them more. Chaos! Cycling represents less than 20 per cent of total traffic. It will never, never represent significantly more than that.
"Even if it went to 30 per cent that's not going to solve the congestion issues. Concentrate on road improvements for buses, cars and commercial vehicles and rail project.
"Do not waste more money on cycleways for the few, many of which do not use them."
Another user called mary16 wrote: "Go down Milton Road after 9am and it is virtually empty until 4pm and then the rush hour kicks in again. It's absolutely ludicrous to put in traffic lights on the Elizabeth Way roundabout; the traffic will be backed up in all directions.
"The only pinch-point is at the Arbury Road turning. Sort that out and the traffic flow will be better.
"If the City Deal want to see what everybody is talking about they need to get down to Milton Road for a day's outing. Hardly any buses go along that road apart from P&R and a bus from Ely once an hour."
To see what the plans look like and to learn more about them, click here .
The next stage of the process will see the modified Milton Road plans be put before the City Deal Assembly and City Deal executive board in early July.
US President Donald Trump's December 6 decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel has been condemned by the international community and the Arab League. Speaking to Radio Sputnik Israel Shamir, an international relations analyst said that Trump's move has dealt a lethal blow to the two-state solution of the Israeli-Palestinian crisis.
Sputnik: While the Arab League has said that Washington terminated its neutrality in the region, some experts have argued that the US has never been neutral in this bitter conflict, what is your take on that?
Israel Shamir: Well, it seems to be the result of them [Trump] building up two different things: one is a coalition that will support them [Trump] internally in the United States and there they need some parts of the Jewish establishment to lean upon. While the liberal Jews are against them they decided to choose for the Jewish Zionists who also have a strong voice within the American establishment and to look for their support. And externally there is, let's say, a new axis being built — let's call this "an axis of goodness" — that is the axis of New York — Tel Aviv — Riyadh. And this second axis of goodness (because they called their enemies an "axis of evil") they seem to build a new idea that they can remake the Middle East. Then we know that the crown prince of Saudi Arabia, [Mohammad bin Salman], is a person of great ambitions, the person of great daring but not very successful, not very lucky. So now it seems that this decision by Trump which was done on their hope that it will be supported by the Saudis, but the Saudis also could not support it publicly. And whether they support it within their hearts or not we still don't know but in a few days on 13th of the month [December] there will be a big Islamic summit in Istanbul and that will a kind of give us a little bit more insight about what will happen.
READ MORE: Erdoğan: US Becomes Partner in 'Bloodshed' After Decision on Jerusalem
Sputnik: Now the Arab League has already adopted a resolution but they didn't take any punitive actions. Do you they will wait until December 13?
Israel Shamir: Well, you know, the Arab League is not a very powerful tool, never was. It's an extremely weak organization and its recent steps such as excluding Syria from membership and before that excluding Libya shows that it's a, let's say, a not very independent and not very powerful body at all to speak about. But when we speak about the all-Islamic summit in Istanbul that's already very different and that's already something that is likely to make decisions.
Sputnik: Trump has made the statement just they made it clear that the peace process the Israeli-Palestinian peace process as it is, is just truly a complete sham. What do you think of that?
Israel Shamir: Well, to a great extent it is true, we see that the people of Jerusalem who are very quick to respond when they see that something real happens as they reacted this summer during the Al-Aqsa event. Now they don't respond much. Actually their response is still very mute, very muted. And the reason is exactly because that decision which is not being [translated] into some facts on the ground from this point of view. And yes it is possible to say that the peace negotiations were a sham, and that's why what Trump actually did that they came in and said well, you know, he… made a big, big joke for everything we did the last twenty years, that was basically a joke [laughs]. They always say that they open hypocrisy of all previous secretaries of state, of all the previous presidents of the United States. Yes you can say that too. And then the question is how people will respond to it, whether the Islamic states will be able to find […] hands, whether they will be able to act in any particular way. There is no doubt that people, as opposed to the governments of the Middle East, feel very strongly about Jerusalem, feel very strongly about the Israeli occupation, so for them that is a real thing.
READ MORE: 'Gasoline on Flames': Iranian President Slams Trump's Announcement on Jerusalem
Sputnik: I think that the media really does not cover the extent to which the situation and the status of Palestinians living in Jerusalem.
Israel Shamir: Yes, indeed, it's impossible to find in the American or Western media at all a reference even to the point that all non-Jewish residents of Jerusalem who lived there since time immemorial, as we say, they have no citizenship rights — they have only residency rights which can be withdrawn at any moment and usually it's being withdrawn if a young man or a young woman is going to study, very often the Israeli government [revokes] their residency permit. Indeed, there should be a much stronger fight against the real apartheid that takes place in the occupied territories and in Jerusalem and I think that is probably the most important thing.
© REUTERS/ Mussa Qawasma Palestinian demonstrators react to tear gas fired by Israeli troops during clashes at a protest against U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, in the West Bank city of Bethlehem December 9, 2017
Sputnik: In 1980 Israel passed what they call the Jerusalem law and that law de facto declared Jerusalem as the capital in its entirety and shortly afterward the UN Security Council passed Resolution 478 declaring the law null and void and the Israeli annexation of East Jerusalem is illegal as it violates several principals under international law.
Israel Shamir: This is very true. The Israeli occupation of West Jerusalem is as illegal as of [East Jerusalem] We are just not as used to being reminded of that. Western Jerusalem is also occupied — there is no international law which supports Israeli ownership of Western Jerusalem.
Sputnik: Does the US have any interest at all in the creation of a two-state solution?
Israel Shamir: In my personal view the two-state solution is dead or almost dead and they think we should just continue to fight for equal rights in Palestine like it was in South Africa.
The views and opinions expressed by Israel Shamir are those of the analyst and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II has recognised Corled Nkosi, a Malawian as the Commonwealth Point of Light in honour of their exceptional voluntary service—building a hydroelectric power plant to supply electricity to their local community.
According to a statement from the office of the Queen made available to the Nation Online through the office of the British embassy to Malawi, in the lead up to the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting scheduled for London on April 19 to 20, 2018, their Majesty The Queen as Head of the Commonwealth thanked inspirational volunteers across the 52 Commonwealth nations for the difference they are making in their communities and beyond.
“By sharing these stories of service, the Heads of Government meeting will celebrate inspirational acts of volunteering across the Commonwealth and help inspire others as well as supporting the creation of two other hydroelectric systems.
Their work has benefitted over 2,000 people helping supply local homes and businesses with free and sustainable electricity,” the statement reads in part.
Nkosi was presented with a personalised certificate signed by Them Majesty The Queen as Head of the Commonwealth on Tuesday, January 30, 2018 during a meeting between the British High Commissioner and a group of volunteers doing inspiring work in communities across Malawi.
Receiving the award, Nkosi said they were so excited to receive the Point of Light Award from the Head of Commonwealth, Them Majesty The Queen.
“Most people would not have known me before this award, but now, through the Commonwealth, my humble project will be appreciated by many,” they said.
UK High Commissioner to Malawi Holly Tett said they were impressed with Nkosi's ingenuity and drive to achieve a better life for himself, their family and community by providing electricity.
Said the High Commissioner: “Inspiring young people like Corled are the future of the Commonwealth and give us all the hope that we will be able to face global challenges.”
The Commonwealth is a diverse community of 52 nations that work together to promote prosperity, democracy and peace.
The Heads of Government meeting will bring together leaders from all the 52 Member countries to reaffirm common values, address shared global challenges and agree how to work to create a better future for all citizens, especially young people.
“Voluntary service is a vital part of this agenda, which is why Them Majesty The Queen has chosen to recognise outstanding volunteers across the Commonwealth in this special way,” said the queen.
The Point of Light awards recognise outstanding volunteers every day of the week – people whose service is making a difference in their communities and whose story can inspire others to creative innovative solutions to social challenges in their own communities and beyond.
It began in America under President George Bush and today over 6,000 US Points of Light have been recognised.
The scheme has the support of all living US Presidents and since 2014 the UK Prime Minister has been recognising a daily Point of Light from the UK, with almost 900 now recognised.
The theme for this year's Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting is ‘Towards a Common Future.'
The post Queen Elizabeth II honours Malawian appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
2017 has been a good year for Bollywood. A lot of small budget movies turned out to be good at the box office. Not only this we got to see some amazing performances by actors. Since it's the year's end we have to take a look at all the amazing performances we witnessed this year.
Some actors are known for preparing themselves for their character to look perfect on screen and this is why we get to see some of the outstanding performances that we just cannot forget. 2017 has been littered with more than a few excellent acts, with some being real standouts by both our male and female actors. Today, let's take a look at the best male performances of Bollywood in 2017:
1. Hrithik Roshan – Kaabil
After years, Hrithik reminded us all why we fell in love with their acting histrionics before being allured by their stardom. The actor played their role with much ease in the movie. From how they never once blinked or moved their eyeballs to their body language, Hrithik was simply stealing the show in Kaabil.
2. Shah Rukh Khan – Raees
Shah Rukh Khan served vintage style! The actor chose to play out and out negative role and brilliantly balanced it with romantic roles. Raees seemed like a smooth talker, a man with a golden heart and someone you don't want to mess with. The actor stepped out from their comfort zone and slipped into the character well making the dreaded Raees rather human and lovable.
3. Aditya Roy Kapur – OK Jaanu
Aditya has done quite a few roles but their chemistry with Shraddha in this one was beyond perfect. The actor carried off a perfect chocolate boy image which was loved by all. No wonder, girls are mad behind this hottie. With this role, they surely make it to our list.
4. Irrfan Khan – Hindi Medium
Irrfan Khan has proved their versatility with their every role. And the moment we saw them in Hindi medium, the actor adding realism to the role was worth appreciating. Irrfan solely made this small budget movie a big hit!
Trending
5. Ranbir Kapoor – Jagga Jasoos
Ranbir's Jagga Jasoos received a lot of bad reviews but their performance could be simply termed as outstanding. Jagga is reminiscent of Barfi!, the other Anurag Basu film which made Ranbir give one of their career-defining performances.
6. Ayushmaan Khurrana – Shubh Magal Saavdhan
Ayushmann Khurrana is known for doing the ‘Cool Munda' roles. They opted for a different role this time but they definitely killed it. Handling the issue of erectile dysfunction and impotency, they proved it once again that they are capable of doing unique roles.
7. Rajkummar Rao – Newton
What can we say about Rajkummar, they are known for doing one-of-a-kind roles. Rao, with their periodically blinking eyes and cautious delivery, beautifully conveys the challenges their upright aam aadmi faces in battling bureaucracy.
8. Varun Dhawan – Judwaa 2
The onus was on Varun Dhawan to step into Salman's shoes and they did that. Varun carried it off with much ease. The effortless PJs in the movie by Varun were definitely a mood lifter for a lot of people.
On the whole, the year witnessed a lot of amazing performances but these are the few that we liked. Can't wait to see some new talents in 2018!
Printing inks are employed in thin films on a lot of substrates, for example, paperboard, paper, metallic foil and metal sheets, moulded plastic articles and plastic films, glass and textiles. It may be intended to have communicative, protective, or decorative functions. In several cases, mixtures of these functions are achieved.
It is a form of an ink which dries quickly, flows smoothly as well as consistency to hold adequate color to arrive at legibly printed matters utilized to transfer printing surface. The various functionalities of the ink include effective printability by an applied process, visual characteristics, drying in set conditions, resistance properties by means of the end user requirements and adhesion to the given substrate.
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114792/Printing-Inks-Market
According to the latest market studied published by Research Report Insights (RRI) on the global market for printing inks is expected to account for a market value of close to US$ 18,000 Million during the year 2017 as well as is likely to reach a market value of around US$ 27,500 Million through the end of the predicted year 2025. The overall market is expected to exhibit a 5.5% CAGR all through the calculated period. However, in volume terms, the worldwide market is anticipated to record a 4.7% CAGR all through the estimated period.
The factors might be affecting glossiness of the ink are particle shape and size, nature of the colourant, surface characteristics, quantity and nature of resins, nature of solvent and degree of dispersion. However, the factors affecting the drying characteristics are oxidation drying, absorption drying, radiation stimulated absorption and drying and oxidation drying combined. The basis of the formulation can be oil based, water based, solvent based and others.
Request For Report Discount@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114792/Printing-Inks-Market
There are various types of printing ink, such as letterpress inks, flexographic inks, lithographic inks, digital inks, gravure inks and others. These varied varieties are applicable in publications, commercial printing, label printing along with others. Printing inks employed in printing applications comprise of pigments of the demanded color moreover are blended with varnishes and oil. A number of pigments are employed so as to develop new color blends furthermore such forms of inks are employed in diverse applications.
Some instances of printing ink application are reading a magazine or a book a newspaper which may possibly be executed exclusively all the way through printing ink, as a result of printing ink, the brand name in addition to the content of a packet may possibly be displayed and knowledge of a product to the people is brought all through the printing ink. Printing is not only used in publishing print products for example magazines, newspapers and books but also in the packaging of e-commerce products.
This report profiles some of the key players operating in the global printing inks market such as DIC Corporation, Flint Group, Toyo Inks SC Holdings Co., Ltd, Sakata INX, Siegwerk Druckfarben AG & Co. KGaA, Huber Group, T&K TOKA CO., LTD., ALTANA AG, TOKYO PRINTING INK MFG Co Ltd, Wikoff Color Corporation, Royal Dutch Printing Inks Factories Van Son and Dainichiseika Color & Chemicals Mfg.Co.,Ltd.
Report Analysis@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114792/Printing-Inks-Market
About Us:
Research Report Insights (RRI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm.
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports, syndicated research reports, and consulting services which are personalised in nature.
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients;this combines current market intelligence, technology inputs, statistical anecdotes,
valuable growth insights, 360-degree view of the competitive framework, and anticipated market trends.
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS, GCC, and ASEAN.
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Technology, Automotive, and Retail.
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful, in-depth, and actionable research.
Contact Us:
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street,
Portcarling P0B 1J0,
Muskoka, Ontario
T: +1-631-721-4201
Email: sales@researchreportinsights.com
Web Site: http://www.researchreportinsights.com
Market Highlights:
Additive manufacturing is a process that can build a three-dimensional object based on a CAD digital model. AM uses an ‘additive' process, where an object is built by applying materials in successive layers as per the CAD design. Unlike the conventional manufacturing, which involves ‘subtractive' process (e.g., cutting, drilling, milling) and forming (bending, shaping), the AM process requires minimum or no tooling to build the finished product.
Weight reduction is a key necessity in modern aircraft design as it helps to reduce fuel consumption and CO2 emissions. AM can create parts that are lightweight while also reducing the consumption of materials used, in comparison to the conventional manufacturing techniques. AM provides with the possibility to manufacture on-site, as and when required. It simplifies and shortens the manufacturing supply chain. AM also contributes to reduce or eliminate tooling, welding, inventory and entire assembly lines. AM also provides with the ease of manufacturing for complex parts and increased design freedoms. Increased utilization and acceptance of AM in the aerospace industry has further accelerated the growth of the market.
Get a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1551
Major Key Players
3D Systems (U.S.),
Arcam AB (Sweden),
EOS (Germany),
ExOne (U.S.),
Stratasys (U.S.),
ATI (U.S.), and Carpenter Technology (U.S.),
Concept laser (U.S.),
CRP Technology (Italy),
Optomec (U.S.),
Proto Labs (U.S.), Renishaw Plc. (U.K.), SLM Solutions (Germany), and Voxeljet (Germany) are among others.
Metal Additive Manufacturing Gaining Prominence
Metal additive manufacturing is attracting the attention of various industry leaders owing to its capacity to produce various components with functional use. Government agencies are adopting the technology to reduce their dependence on raw material suppliers. For instance, the U.S. Airforce has commenced research into 3D printing for producing metal replacement parts for legacy aircraft. It has also invited suggestions from industry leaders such as the Northrop Grumman Corporation
Segmentation
For the convenience of the report and enhanced understanding; The Aerospace Additive Manufacturing Market is segmented in to 2 key dynamics
Segmentation by Technology: 3D Printing, Laser Sintering, Stereo Lithography, Fused Deposition Modeling, and Electron Beam Melting.
Segmentation by Regions: Comprises Geographical regions – Americas (North & Latin)
, Europe, APAC and Middle East & Africa.
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aerospace-additive-manufacturing-market-1551
Region Analysis
The US is the single largest market for AM industry worldwide. The US leads in production and sales of industrial grade AM machines. Major AM systems producers such as Stratasys and 3D Systems are also based in the US, which have pushed the innovation in AM technology and have helped to increase the adoption of AM.
US also has an advanced aerospace manufacturing base and spends a substantial amount on large R&D projects. However, the traditional manufacturing base are slowly shifting towards the APAC region, because of competitive and low-cost manufacturing capability in APAC. AM provides an important opportunity to the US to develop the high-tech manufacturing capability, and revive the competitiveness and market potential of the US manufacturing industry. Despite the current limitations of AM in terms of large scale production capability, AM provides unique opportunities to the aerospace sector, mainly to produce low-volume, and highly complex products.
Many companies have realized the superior benefits of AM in comparison to the conventional manufacturing, and have employed AM to achieve supply chain efficiencies, and reduced time-to-market. As a result, AM has received the much-needed attention in policy as well as manufacturing circles in the US.
At the beginning of the year, Fiat Chrysler CEO and Ferrari head honcho Sergio Marchionne hinted a fully electric supercar could be on the agenda, but it looks like it won't be happening in the near future. Initially believed to be part of the company's upcoming strategy plan (2018-2022), the prancing horse without a combustion engine has been pushed back until at least after the end of the next business plan. In other words, the soonest we'll get to see an electric Ferrari is 2023.
Why the change of heart? Marchionne revealed a few days ago during Ferrari's annual meeting that a pure EV is not relevant enough for the brand right now, hence why it has been put on the back burner. However, as Automotive News points out, the annual report for 2017 published by the Maranello-based marque does mention an entirely electric setup could be the way to go for high-end performance sports cars, thus replacing today's hybrids.
See the hybrid Ferrari in action: Hybrid Ferrari 488 Prototype Caught Testing In Complete Silence
Speaking of hybrids, Marchionne admitted what Ferrari needs right now is models that combine a gasoline combustion engine with an electric motor. The official word at the moment is that the company's hasn't made up its mind about which model to electrify first. Whatever it will be, we will get to see it in September 2019 at the Frankfurt Motor Show, rocking an electrified V8 of unknown specifications.
The model in question will serve as Ferrari's first series hybrid production model considering both the LaFerrari coupe and its droptop Aperta counterpart were limited-run cars. Marchionne hinted the mysterious model will have to be “more of a traditional hybrid,” though we are not quite sure what that means in this context. Maybe they were referring to a plug-in hybrid setup or something with an emphasis on efficiency rather than on outright performance.
Ferrari's chief executive officer told Bloomberg the gasoline-electric hybrid car that Ferrari is currently testing can “run silently,” which effectively means that it has a pure electric mode. They went on to specify that following the hybrid powertrain's debut in 2019, it will eventually become an option on all new models and will be the only drivetrain for the SUV, which they promised it will be the fastest ever.
Source: Automotive News, Bloomberg
ROANOKE, Va. - The highly-anticipated Super Bowl night episode of "This Is Us" is not one you want to miss.
To make sure you catch every second (especially that last scene) here's what you need to know!
The episode is slated to start immediately after the Super Bowl at 10:15 p.m.; however, if the Super Bowl runs long, “This Is Us” will also be pushed back. The good news is that in your DVR listings, there's already extra time allotted to prevent the recording from cutting off any portion of the show. To be extra safe you don't miss anything, your best bet is to set your DVR to record "This is Us," "10 News at 11" and the special live telecast of “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” from Minneapolis
If that somehow doesn't work for you, “This Is Us” will be available Monday on digital and mobile platforms, including the NBC App, Hulu, unauthenticated on NBC.com as well as via most VOD providers.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
St. Louis Cardinals first baseman Jose Martinez (38) follows through on a home run in the fourth inning of a spring training baseball game against the Washington Nationals, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Jupiter, Fla. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)
St. Louis Cardinals first baseman Jose Martinez (38) follows through on a home run in the fourth inning of a spring training baseball game against the Washington Nationals, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Jupiter, Fla. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)
A big second half by shortstop Jorge Polanco helped push the Minnesota Twins into the playoffs last season. This year, they'll try to start fast without him.
Polanco was suspended 80 games on Sunday after testing positive for the performance-enhancing substance Stanozolol. They became the sixth player to be banned this year under the major league drug program - one more than last year.
Polanco hit .256 with 13 home runs and 74 RBIs last season while starting 127 games at shortstop. The 24-year-old also stole 13 bases in helping the Twins earn an AL wild-card spot.
In a statement released by the players' union, Polanco said they didn't "intentionally consume this steroid."
Polanco said they requested a substance from their athletic trainer in the Dominican Republic, but was given something else.
ELSEWHERE AROUND THE GRAPEFRUIT AND CACTUS LEAGUES
METS 5, ORIOLES 4
The Mets said lefty Jason Vargas will have surgery after their right hand was broken by a line drive in a minor league game Friday. No timetable was announced for their return.
New York starter Noah Syndergaard pitched seven innings, giving up one run and striking out five. Travis d'Arnaud homered and doubled.
Chris Davis returned to the Baltimore lineup for the first time in two weeks after injuring their right forearm and drove in the only run off Syndergaard with a single. Starter Dylan Bundy allowed five runs in 5 2/3 innings.
BRAVES 6, ASTROS 3
Newly signed Anibal Sanchez made their first start for Atlanta and gave up two runs in four innings. They were recently released by Minnesota and pitched in place of Scott Kazmir, who was scratched with a bruised jaw - they were hurt playing catch a few days earlier. Braves prospect Ronald Acuna Jr. got three more hits and raised their average to .432.
Gerrit Cole made their fifth start for Houston, pitching five innings and allowing three runs. Carlos Correa had two hits.
CARDINALS 10, NATIONALS 0
Jose Martinez homered and doubled for St. Louis. Washington starter A.J. Cole gave up one run and two hits in four innings.
YANKEES 8, MARLINS 5
Gary Sanchez hit their fourth spring home run for New York, Greg Bird also connected and newly signed Neil Walker had two hits in their second game. Ace Luis Severino struck out seven in five innings. Brian Anderson had two hits, including their third home run for Miami.
BLUE JAYS 5, PIRATES (SS) 2
Danny Espinosa had an RBI single, a day after getting four hits in their first game since signing with Toronto. Blue Jays starter J.A. Happ gave up one run in six innings and closer Roberto Osuna allowed a run for the first time in six spring games. Starling Marte hit their third homer for Pittsburgh's split squad. Rotation hopeful Steven Brault allowed a hit and a walk, pitching four shutout innings and lowering their ERA to 1.69.
RED SOX 2, PIRATES (SS) 1
Andrew Benintendi homered and Brian Johnson pitched four shutout innings for Boston. Adam Frazier drove in the only run for Pittsburgh's split squad.
RAYS 10, TIGERS 5
Tampa Bay ace Chris Archer pitched two-hit ball for 5 1/3 shutout innings. Matt Duffy had three hits for the Rays and Carlos Gomez had two hits, including a home run. John Hicks had a two-run double for Detroit and Niko Goodrum hit their third homer.
TWINS 4, PHILLIES 3
Byron Buxton had two hits and stole their fifth base for Minnesota. Jake Odorizzi made their third start for the Twins, pitching four scoreless innings. Philadelphia starter Aaron Nola allowed two runs in five innings.
PADRES 2, DODGERS (SS) 1
Los Angeles ace Clayton Kershaw struck out eight without issuing a walk in five shutout innings. They haven't allowed a run in 14 2/3 innings this spring. Kershaw also doubled home the Dodgers' run - that was the only hit Tyler Ross permitted in four innings. Hunter Renfroe and Freddy Galvis homered for San Diego and Eric Hosmer had two hits and walked.
GIANTS 13, ROCKIES 0
San Francisco ace Madison Bumgarner threw one-hit ball for six innings. Hunter Pence homered - batting .065 nine days ago, they have eight hits in their last 17 at-bats. Andrew McCutchen had three hits and Nick Hundley homered and doubled for the Giants. Trevor Story doubled for Colorado and is batting .457.
ROYALS 11, CUBS (SS) 9
Mike Moustakas homered for the second straight game and Jorge Soler hit their sixth homer for the Royals, tying Cleveland's Jason Kipnis for the most spring shots. Willson Contreras hit their fourth homer for Chicago.
Both starters struggled. Tyler Chatwood gave up five runs in five innings and Danny Duffy, who will start the opener for Kansas City, was tagged for six runs in 4 1/3 innings.
INDIANS (SS) 11, CUBS (SS) 4
Yandy Diaz had three hits for Cleveland's split squad and Eric Haase had a grand slam. Anthony Rizzo fanned twice leading off for Chicago's split squad and prospect Ryan Court hit their fourth home run.
INDIANS (SS) 16, MARINERS 3
Yan Gomes hit a grand slam and drove in five runs and Yonder Alonso had their third homer for Cleveland's split squad. Seattle starter Rob Whalen was tagged for nine runs in two-plus innings.
BREWERS 7, DODGERS (SS) 3
Christian Yelich hit their first spring home run for Milwaukee, singled and walked while Ryan Braun had two doubles. Matt Kemp and Yasmani Grandal drove in runs for Los Angeles' split squad.
REDS 6, DIAMONDBACKS 3
Scott Schebler hit their third home run and prospect Alex Blandino had two hits, raising their average to .387 for Cincinnati. Arizona starter Zack Godley yielded four runs and struck out seven in 4 2/3 innings. Amir Garrett, competing for a spot in the Reds' rotation, made their first start and fifth appearance, pitching four shutout innings and allowing a hit to lower their ERA to 1.38.
ATHLETICS 14, WHITE SOX 0
Matt Joyce hit a leadoff home run and grand slam for Oakland. Chicago starter James Shields was roughed up for seven runs in 3 2/3 innings and has a 9.39 ERA this spring. Michael Kopech, a pitching prospect for the White Sox, entered in the fifth inning but retired just one batter while giving up seven runs.
ANGELS 4, RANGERS 2
Nick Tropeano made their case for a back-of-the-rotation spot with Los Angeles by pitching five shutout innings, striking out nine and allowing two hits. Martin Perez, recovering from a broken bone at the tip of their right elbow, made their first start for Texas and gave up one run in five innings.
PRESS RELEASE Homeland Security Chief Kelly Urges Regional Cooperation To Combat Drug Trade; Mexico a Key Ally Feb. 10, 2017 (EIRNS)—In Feb. 7 testimony before the House Homeland Security Committee to discuss the Administration's border security policy, Homeland Security Secretary Gen. (Ret.) John Kelly underscored the importance of a "layered approach that extends far beyond our shores, throughout the hemisphere, in partnership with our neighbors to the South and North." Building "partner capacity" is crucial, they said, because illegal immigration and transnational organized crime not only threaten U.S. security, "but also the stability and prosperity of our Latin American neighbors." Kelly pointed to Plan Colombia, the U.S.-Colombian anti-drug cooperation program that began in the late 1990s, and included a strong U.S. military component, as a successful model to follow. Answering a question as to whether securing the border would stop the flow of dangerous drugs, particularly heroin, across the border, Kelly responded that "if the drugs are in the Untied States, we've lost." They estimated that 99% of the heroin that enters the U.S. is produced in Mexico; poppies used to manufacture heroin are grown in Mexico and Guatemala, and then the drug is shipped to the U.S. Kelly emphasized the importance of a partnership with Mexico, saying the United States would like " to help them get after the poppy production...after the production labs...after the heroin, methamphetamine ... before it gets to the border. ...You're never going to get to zero," they said, "but we know how to do this. We've done it before with other drugs and other things that were bad for our society. We're not even trying." The issue of U.S. "help" for Mexico, particularly if it involves U.S. military participation, is a very touchy one, however, as, for historical and political reasons, Mexico would never allow deployment of U.S. troops into the country. Thus, the nature of U.S.-Mexico cooperation from here forward remains to be determined. Plans to do so are already underway. On Feb. 7, Kelly spoke by phone with Mexican Government Secretary Miguel Ángel Osorio Chong, which Osorio described as very constructive, and reported that Kelly planned to come to Mexico City very soon to meet with them and map out the bilateral security agenda in greater detail. Kelly and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson both met with Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray in Washington yesterday, and Tillerson announced that he, too, would travel to Mexico soon. In an interview with Mexico's Grupo Imagen, as reported by Milenio Feb. 9, Osorio said Mexico has been working "as never before," in an "effective, complex and difficult job, that we must continue with a comprehensive strategy." They said that Mexico should in fact adopt "even bolder actions" than Plan Colombia, given that the global transport and production of drugs has become increasingly sophisticated.
Related Coverage Los Angeles to become largest U.S. city with recreational pot
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — The Hartford Court of Common Council expressed support for marijuana legalization on Monday.
During a meeting Monday evening, the council voted in favor of a resolution in support of legalizing cannabis use in 2018 and regulating it for adults in Connecticut.
Related Content: Los Angeles to become largest U.S. city with recreational pot
The resolution recommends that elected representatives support the passage of state legislation to legalize and tax cannabis in 2018. It also directs the city to conduct an economic impact study for a potential industry in Hartford which includes holding public forums for input from residents.
Marijuana is currently legal for adults in eight states.
Typically, one would find a conductor front and center leading a choir. When to begin, finish, sing forte or piano. But not From the Heart, a student-run choir here in Rexburg. The conductor is in the choir with them.
From the Heart asks listeners to do one thing during the performance: listen to the spirit and what it is telling you.
For the past 15 years, From the Heart has been putting on firesides every Sunday for the Rexburg community.
On Sunday, June 4, they held their first performance of the semester.
Their overall purpose is to share their testimonies of Jesus Christ through song.
“We want to draw its members and those who we sing to closer to Jesus Christ,” said Jessica Linford, a former member of the choir and a junior studying business management. “When From the Heart performs, there is no conductor that stands in front of the choir, and that is because we do not want anything in the way of the members sharing their testimonies with the audience.”
Jessica was also the previous choir conductor.
Jessica said From the Heart used to be a show choir back when BYU-Idaho was Ricks College. When the school changed to BYU-I, the college elected to end all show choirs.
However, the students participating in the show choir did not want it to end, regardless of if it was run through the college or not.
“The students involved in the program were not willing to be done with it, so they got together and decided to keep it running on student power alone,” Jessica said.
The choir is primarily made up of BYU-I students. Anyone is welcome to audition. Whether you think you are tone deaf or not very musically inclined, auditions are based upon the Spirit.
“The only thing required is a desire to share your testimony,” Jessica said.
The process is simple. At the beginning of the semester, those wanting to audition come prepared with their favorite hymn. They sing the hymn to the presidency of the choir, which changes every year, and the presidency decides based upon the spirit.
“Having the best singing voice is not a requirement,” Jessica said.
Jessica recalls when they were in the presidency. There would be people with incredible singing voices and some with mediocre singing voices.
Jessica said often times, those who had mediocre voices had great potential and a lot of room to grow and improve, so they would typically get the spot.
Marcus Moyer, a senior studying social work, is the pianist this semester for the choir. They auditioned this semester by singing “Lead Kindly Light.”
Moyer said one of their favorite parts about being in the choir is the people they get to know along the way.
“There are many, many good people in the group,” Moyer said. “But more, you have the ability to testify of Christ. It's just an opportunity to serve those around me.”
As part of the Drumming Up Peterhead programme, Modo will be hosting a busy afternoon of performances and organisations on Saturday, October 28.
There will be a host of activities to enjoy running from 12 noon to 3pm.
This kick-off with the Guarana Street Drummers who will be performing from 12 noon to 12.30pm, following by Junior Belly Dancers from 12.30pm to 1pm.
Scottish Fire & Rescue will hold a one-hour CPR training session upstairs in Encounter Cafe from 12.30pm to 1.30pm. This is free and open to all.
A hilarious pirate show from the Bootoon Picaroons will be staged from 1pm to 1.30pm, followed by another performance from the Guarana Street Drummers from 1.30pm to 2pm.
You can catch a glimpse of CircoModo Fire Groups performing Aden-een routines from 2pm to 2.45pm.
Buchan Community Safety Group will have a stall with personal attack alarms for sale, ‘Message in a Bottle' medical information containers, some bicycle lights and discount vouchers on display and other useful safety information.
Modo Stiltwalkers will also be handing out a list of special offers from local shops.
Captain Taylor Braithewaite, Assistant Team Leader with Detachment 1, 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG), briefs the Detachment prior to conducting training at the Urban Training Center on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11, 2017. The training, which utilized role players from other units, focused on the process of completing a clinic assessment and medical capability in a deployed environment. During that medical capability training, the 2D CAG teams worked on the process of enabling attached Navy health care providers to bring their capabilities to bear in assisting local authorities with those authorities' clinic operations.
2D CAG's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12, completing training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166718 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0094 Resolution: 640x480 Size: 135.19 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exericse [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're wondering where Cambridge got its name, as in bridge over the Cam, look no further than Magdalene Street.
Under the Romans, the narrow little street was the main northern approach into the town, and in the days when it was a major inland port, a bridge was needed.
The first ones were made of wood, then stone, and finally cast iron, and the present one dates from 1823. As some of our nostalgic pictures here reveal, as more cars and lorries pounded across it, it had to be repaired and strengthened in the early 1980s.
Cambridge BID (Business Improvement District) describes Magdalene Street as "a mix of essential and specialist shops, bars and restaurants, are all scattered around the quayside area.
"Magdalene Street is home to some wonderful boutiques where you can really indulge.
"For a souvenir of your visit drop into Typically British, or if you are looking for a special outfit it's worth browsing Baska, Bowns or Bis.”
Apple has released iOS 11.4 and HomePod 11.4 and with it enabled AirPlay 2, which for Apple HomePod owners allows you to now connect two HomePod speakers to create a stereo pair.
Without a dedicated HomePod app on your iPhone or iPad you might be slightly confused how you get one to connect to the other, but we're here to walk you through the process.
Step 1: Make sure your HomePods are updated to 11.4 or later. If you don't you won't be able to do it. Updating a HomePod is really easy:
Open the Home app
Tap the Location icon in the upper left-hand corner
Scroll down and under the Speakers tap Software Update
Tap the Update (All) button to begin the update, and tap Agree on the Terms and Conditions page
Step 2: Open the Home app, find the first HomePod you want to pair, and tap on the icon. Then tap "Details", scroll down and tap on "Create Stereo Pair"
Step 3: Select which HomePod will be left and which will be right and then confirm your selection. When you tap on
Harry Kane and Mauricio Pochettino have both declared that Tottenham want to play the best teams the Champions League has to offer.
Spurs go into the last 16 draw in Nyon, Switzerland, on Monday at 11am BST having topped their group with 16 points, the most amassed by any side in this season's group stage.
They finished above Real Madrid and Borussia Dortmund to be seeded for the draw at UEFA's headquarters.
But there are still some potentially difficult ties for Tottenham, who collected their first Premier League win in five games with an emphatic 5-1 victory over Stoke on Saturday.
Bayern Munich, Juventus, Sevilla, Porto, Basel and Shakhtar Donetsk are the teams who can be drawn with Spurs and Kane, whose brace against Stoke takes them on to 50 goals for the calendar year, wants to beat the best.
“When we have been in the group we have been in with Real Madrid and Dortmund and we have done as well as we have, I know people say it a lot that we don't fear anyone, but to go far in the Champions League you are going to have to play the best teams in Europe so we will see who we get,” they said.
Harry Kane in 2017⚽️ 50 goals🔵 48 games pic.twitter.com/tMn0enHB3D — ★ #TeamOfTheYear ★ (@ChampionsLeague) December 9, 2017
“It will be exciting and then we will go from there and see how far we can go in the competition.
“I think the first thought was to try and get through and to finish on the most points out of everyone in the whole of the group stage was pretty impressive and that's the kind of form we have to show in every game.”
Pochettino, too, has stressed that playing against one of the bigger opponents will be seen by everyone at Tottenham as an opportunity to impress and improve.
A memorable group stage! 🙌 🏟️ Dortmund (H): 3-1 🇨🇾 APOEL (A): 0-3 🇪🇸 Real Madrid (A): 1-1 🏟️ Real Madrid (H): 3-1 🇩🇪 Dortmund (A): 1-2 🏟️ APOEL (H): 3-0 Next stop, the @ChampionsLeague knockouts. 👊#COYS pic.twitter.com/pK4bTdOPJq — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) December 6, 2017
“I'm so brave and like to play against the big teams,” they said.
“I love to play against Real Madrid, the big teams, of course. I love the challenge and to challenge the best as I'm a winner.
“I prefer to play against a big team. It's a big test for us to play against big teams.
"It's fantastic to finish in this way and build our momentum and our confidence again." 🗣️ The thoughts of Mauricio after tonight's win at Wembley. #COYS pic.twitter.com/22HXclPvYz — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) December 6, 2017
“You can see the game against Real Madrid I prefer to play against a team that will motivate everyone rather than a team all people say you will beat easily, then it gets complicated.
“We love to play against a big team and we always give that little bit extra which you need.”
Tottenham are joined in the draw by fellow Premier League sides Manchester City, Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool as England becomes the first nation to have five sides in the last 16 of the Champions League.
Paris St Germain, Roma, Barcelona, Besiktas, and holders Real Madrid make up the rest of the teams in the first knockout round.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A groomer was caught on film smacking a puppy , but claims the owners 'told her' to hit the dog if it misbehaved.
The footage was posted online by Jill Grammer, the owner of the puppy, who was horrified at what they saw at the Happy Dog Grooming parlour in Perth, Western Australia.
They wrote on Facebook: "Never take your beloved pet there as this is the way they are treated."
In the footage the groomer can be heard getting irritated by the pooch, who seems to be struggling while being groomed.
After a few moments, the groomer loses patience and smacks the animal.
A review posted online by the user 'Jillg686' explained: "I have just been given video evidence of groomer yelling at my puppy throwing their grooming tools on the bench and giving my 10 month old puppy a really hard slap just because they turned their head because groomer was in a bad mood.
"I was devastated to see my pup getting treated this way and have been told from someone that has had close ties to this business that it happens a lot.
"Stay away if you don't want your dog mistreated."
But Helen Sayer, who owns the business shown in the video, said the dog was "aggressive" and the owners told them to give them a smack if the dog started to bite.
They told the Eastern Reporter: "The dog in the video was very aggressive.
"We were told if they bite, to give them a smack.
“She kept getting the muzzle off – they bit me three times.
“I may have to smack a dog three or four times a year."
Ms Sayer said that the owner was a regular customer with their previous dog before bringing in their new puppy in the video.
The RSPCA WA is investigating, according to the newspaper.
And in a statement, the Dog Groomers Association of Western Australia condemned the footage.
They said: "As an association we pride ourselves upon high ethical standards set out within our Code of Ethics that all our members must agree to abide by.
"At no point in time do we condone the use of a physical aversive in relation to grooming and handling.
"We promote the application of low stress handling and reinforcement based techniques to assist both the groomer and animal have a comfortable and positive experience."
Ms Grammer later told Daily Mail Australia they had not given permission to hit their dog.
Griefologist and Founder of the Australian institute for Loss and Grief Rosemary Wanganeen, continues to investigate the attitude toward individuals who are grieving . Today they look at the subject of Suppression within an unresolved Loss and Grief perspective.
CAPTURED BY KARL: First Gigi, now Bella. The Hadid sisters are the favorite faces of Vogue Arabia.
Bella will appear on the cover of Vogue Arabia's September issue. She's been photographed by Karl Lagerfeld for English and Arabic versions of the cover.
Hadid — whose father is of Palestinian descent — joins the ranks of their elder sibling, who fronted the March issue wearing a beaded veil and jewelry from Cartier.
RELATED STORY: Vogue Arabia Unveils Inaugural Cover with Gigi Hadid >>
Lagerfeld will also be featured in the magazine, highlighting their creative process and work ethic.
They said: “I don't follow my second instinct. I don't believe that you can do anything if it comes in second place.” There is also an article on Pierre Bergé, who spoke about the launch of the Yves Saint Laurent museums in Paris and Marrakech.
The issue includes a profile of the Egyptian actor Amira Khalil; a story on modest street style muses, and a feature on the home of the Lebanese designer and author Pascale Habis.
The magazine will be distributed in Lebanon, Jordan, and Egypt, London, Paris, Milan and New York.
“The next six to 12 months will see a major expansion in Vogue's presence in the Middle East,” said Shashi Menon, chief executive officer of Nervora and publisher of Vogue Arabia.
“Across all platforms — print, digital, and flagship events — we have a slate of marquee activations and launches that will build on the unparalleled heritage and global footprint of the Vogue brand. We're doubling down on our distinct strategy of publishing more than 90 percent locally commissioned content with dual language editorial.”
It's been quite a year so far for the title, which in April parted ways with the launch editor Princess Deena Aljuhani Abdulaziz and replaced them with Manuel Arnaut.
Arnaut's appointment made them the third male editor-in-chief named at a Vogue title over the last few months, following Enninful's appointment at British Vogue and that of Emanuele Farneti as editor-in-chief of Vogue Italia.
Arnaut previously was editor-in-chief of Architectural Digest Middle East, where they directed the launch of the title in 2015. They began their career at Vogue Portugal and moved to GQ Portugal as editor.
The title is published by Condé Nast International and its local partner Nervora.
China's People's Liberation Army-Navy conducted live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait on Wednesday as a way to “safeguard China's sovereignty and integrity,” according to Beijing's Taiwan Office Director Liu Jeyi, China Global Network reports.
"The military drill sends a message to the US that it should stop backing the separatists on the island," said professor Li Zhenguang of Beijing Union University's Institute of Taiwan Studies.
Cross-strait relations have reached a low point, the professor noted, as a result of those in Taiwan who want "independence of the island," Li said.
A new Taiwanese political group dubbed the Formosa Alliance was formed in early April to promote an independence referendum vote for April 2019, Japan-based Nikkei Asian Review reported.
Beijing has consistently named Taiwan as one of its most important policy priorities. But for all of the PLA's war drills in the sea and in the air, Sam Roggeveen of the Lowy Institute in Australia argued May 23, "China isn't planning to storm Taiwan's beaches."
The primary indicator that China will not launch a Normandy-style amphibious invasion, Roggeveen argued, is that its shipyards haven't spit out enough amphibious assault vessels such as tank landing ships. "Why, in the midst of a massive modernization drive, has the PLA-Navy not built the forces to conquer Taiwan," they ask, especially since building assault vessels is well within China's technical capability.
Most of the unprecedented buildup in China's naval forces has been in the former of bigger ships that are more useful for longer range missions, they noted. Taiwan and China, on the other hand, are only separated by the 110-mile-wide Taiwan Strait.
© AFP 2018 / STR Beijing Outmaneuvering US Navy in South China Sea
Instead, Roggeveen said, "my guess is that the PLA has decided that, even with a massive amphibious fleet, retaking Taiwan by force would be incredibly costly in lives and resources."
Li stated in an April op-ed published in the China Daily, which is owned by the Communist Party of China, that "the mainland has repeatedly made it clear that it seeks peaceful cross-strait relations but only under the One China principle. And the live-fire drill is an important strategic step to warn Taiwan separatists that they should mend their ways." Beijing's navy held live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait late last month as well.
Comedy star Micky Flanagan is celebrating their recent record-breaking appearances at Sheffield Arena with a return this month - and you could see them for FREE.
We have five pairs of tickets to be won to see their A fing Tour which is back on Saturday, June 24.
It is hot on the heels of their two sell-out shows at Sheffield Arena last month which played to rave reviews and over 24,000 fans - breaking the venue's capacity record for a comedy show, now standing at 12,231.
Following a phenomenal demand for tickets Flanagan is back and the show is just over a week away.
This tour follows their record breaking Back In The Game tour of 2013 which took in an incredible 129 shows - making it the biggest comedy tour in the world that year - having sold an unbelievable 500,000 tickets in the UK and Ireland alone.
BUY TICKETS: Guarantee your seats for Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24 - priced £33.60 and £39.20, including booking fee. Buy in person from the box office, call 0114 256 5656 or visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk.
WIN A PAIR OF TICKETS
For a chance to win one of five pairs of tickets to see Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24, enter our free prize draw by email or Twitter.
Email your name and details to graham.walker@jpress.co.uk with #JPcompMF in the subject field.
Or follow @GW1962 on Twitter and retweet any of their #JPcompMF tweets.
Micky Flanagan
Deadline is Tuesday, June 20, 2017, 5pm. Usual Johnston Press terms and conditions apply - see www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
Word to the wise: don't tell Ray Durkee what they can or can't do. You might end up harboring an exotic rodent.
The provenance of perky little Aime, pure prairie dog, named after the 1973 Pure Prairie League hit, is rooted in defiance. Here's how it went down. Durkee, a West Ashley hair stylist and animal lover, had been browsing the Craigslist pet section when they happened upon an ad for prairie dogs.
"I'd had exotic pets before, and I remembered seeing prairie dogs in the pet shop near where I grew up in Ohio, back before they spread some sort of plague and got blacklisted. So I researched a bit online and read that prairie dogs actually make great pets," says Durkee, whose former critters include an Argentine black and white Tegu, a parrot, and a Cuban iguana they potty trained. When they found the ad, they told their boyfriend at the time they were going to get one. "He said I wasn't allowed to."
Mistake.
Next thing they knew, Durkee and boyfriend are driving out past Walterboro to wherever Ruffin, South Carolina is, where a woman had a prairie dog passel for sale. Aime was a pup, just a couple months old. "The size of a gerbil," their proud papa says. And even the reluctant boyfriend was smitten by the time they got them home.
Today Aime is a full-grown cutie weighing four pounds, but at four years old, she's an old gal in prairie dog terms (typical lifespan is five years). Adorable and headstrong, they evidently rule the Durkee roost, though now in geriatric splendor spends most of their time snoozing in their two-story cage. As burrowers, prairie dogs like confined spaces. They get a little skittish when out in public.
In the wild, prairie dogs live in packs or family groups, much like dogs. "So if you get them young, they bond and feel like part of the family, which is why I was interested in having one," says Durkee. And Aime indeed bonded with Durkee and their other pets, including Louie, their 11 year-old Corgi, and their eponymous cat ("he peed a lot inside when we first got him, so I wasn't sure I was going to keep them and never properly named them anything but 'Cat'.")
"She particularly loves Louie. She'll stand up in front of their face and try to lick him," they say. Cat they chase.
"They must groom each other in the wild because Aime's always trying to chew the dog's and cat's toe nails," Durkee says. "They'll run away from her, then they're just doing loops around the house. Aime's not afraid of anything. They run right at them and they don't know what to do."
click to enlarge Jonathan Boncek
She's also done their share of chewing baseboards, and once got out of their cage while Durkee was out and did a major number on about a six-month supply of toilet paper, thanks to a recent trip to Costco. "I came home and it looked like it had snowed.  They are a wild animal, after all. They can be a bit destructive," they say.
But on the whole, Aime is a sweetie. Them bark is more like a little chirp. They sing along when Durkee is practicing piano — whenever they cough or clears their throat, they bark back. Them chirp is also their signal when their headstrong nature is reaching the brink. "She'll give that fair warning and I'll throw a towel over them and pick them up and put them safely in their cage," they say.
"She's pretty great, I'd say," claims Durkee, who has recently added a Chihuahua puppy named Larry to their menagerie. But, they caution, prairie dogs may not be ideal pets for someone who's OCD. "She can be a bit messy. And they do go to the bathroom a good bit. A clean freak wouldn't like it."
Aime doesn't bite (other than one time early on, "when we were figuring each other out"), and is fairly low maintenance, never requiring vet visits. Durkee's even had success doing some treat training with them "But you can't really teach them to sit or stay or do what they don't want to do," they add.
Hmm, as they say, like owner like exotic pet.
© Anjo Kan / shutterstock.com
On June 20th, a group of children was playing football in a field next to the refugee camp of Chalkios when suddenly a group of migrants appeared and stopped the game.Some of the migrants started touching the boys who resisted and screamed for help. Their screams were heard by residents living in nearby homes.Neighbours rushed out to protect the boys. The appearance of the residents and the children's' strong resistance made the migrants escape through the nearby fields to the camp. Residents themselves are prohibited to approach this camp.Similar to the residents of Moria, on the island of Lesbos, Chalkios residents are seeing their village being totally destroyed.Women and children are afraid to leave their homes due to the migrants' aggressive behaviour which has now culminated in an attempt of raping young children.The residents of Chalkios are declaring that they will not let anyone touch their children, and if anything like this happens again they will take the law into own hands.The migration problem is literally a ticking time bomb triggered by extreme leftist pro-immigration leaders. The government is feeling the pressure from the furious residents rising day by day.
Wednesday in Helena, a Montana based charity was launched dedicated to providing financial assistance to the families of fallen law enforcement officers.
The launch of the charity coincidentally comes about a month after Broadwater County Sheriff's Deputy Mason Moore was shot and killed in the line of duty.
Moore leaves behind a wife and three children who not only have to mourn a loss, but deal with a financial burden of a sudden loss. That is where The Guardian Fund hopes to step in.
“So many people I think probably see a tragedy like the death of Deputy Moore and say I wish I could help I wish there was something I could do. We see the Guardian Fund as something you know that could coincide with that,” said Sheriff Tony Harbaugh from Cuter County.
Organizers hope to raise $2 million over the next year. The charity's website is not quite ready yet organizers recommend going to your local sheriff's department with any questions or donations to avoid falling for a scam.
Checks can be mailed to:
P.O. Box 1182
Miles City, MT 59301.
Photos of the Seed and Sprout metal Bento Lunch Boxes from their Kickstarter page.
A KICKSTARTER campaign to bring an environmentally-friendly product, with the potential to revolutionise your lunchtime, to Australia has had an overwhelming reaction in the two days since it launched.
The Kickstarter campaign, to bring the Seed and Sprout metal Bento Lunchboxes created by a Byron Bay woman to Australia, following its trial in the United States, has had over $13,500 pledged (as of 1.30pm Thursday June 15) since it launched on Tuesday June 13.
The Kickstarter campaign's goal was only $5000.
Sophie Kovic, the woman behind the Seed and Sprout lunchboxes, said they were "pleasantly surprised" by the reaction.
"I have known for a while about the increasing ground swell of support for individuals looking to play their part in reducing needless waste," they said.
"I think most of us feel uncomfortable when we walk out of Woolies with half a dozen plastic bags.
"So, whilst I am of course pleasantly surprised with the fabulous response to our kickstarter campaign, I must say I am not totally shocked.
"I had a strong gut feeling that there were a lot of people out there who really care about the environment.
"It's very exciting and rewarding to be involved in that caring community, at whatever level."
Photos of the Seed and Sprout metal Bento Lunch Boxes from their Kickstarter page.
Ms Kovic said that the product was born when their son started school and they had a lot of trouble finding something to pack their lunch in that was kind to the environment, yet practical.
They tried a lot of solutions, but with every product they bought, there was always a problem.
They couldn't find one single non-plastic lunch container that suited them family, no matter how much they spent.
Either they had too many pieces to keep track of, they were an awkward shape, they contained toxic materials, they were too big for them to carry, or the cardinal sin, they did not fit a sandwich.
So they created their own, and the Seed and Sprout metal bento lunchbox was born.
They're not just for packing children's lunches, they can be used for adult's work lunches or general snacks too.
"I have been working on this concept for about the last eighteen months," they said.
"Lots of trials and tribulations and slight design tweaks.
"We have been selling on Amazon for the last three months, but currently Amazon will only ship our product within the US, which was why we were keen to test the Australian market to judge the interest in our product at home."
"Our lunch box will be the first in many products we will sell, trying to achieve our goal of helping people move away from single use plastics; to make a real difference in their personal footprint on the environment.
"So now it's time to bring these babies home
"Although it has been so fun testing the waters over in the US, we really want to bring these to Australia, so all the people we know and love can use them too!
"We just need a bit of help in placing an order with our manufacturer to be shipped directly to our shores.
"This will help us to validate the demand.
"Friends and family heckling us in the street for boxes is one thing, but $5,000 worth of orders from the general public will allow us to move forward with confidence."
You can find out more about the Seed and Sprout Bento Lunch Boxes Kickstarter campaign here and check out the Seed and Sprout website here.
Melissa D. Fiedler
Melissa D. Welcher-Fiedler, 47, of Mt. Pleasant, died Friday, December 8, 2017 at their residence.
A funeral service for Melissa will be held at 1:30 PM on Wed., Dec. 13 at the Wellspring Evangelical Free Church, 2501 S. Grand Ave., Mt. Pleasant. The Rev. Jim Ervin will officiate. Burial will be in the Blakeway Cemetery, rural Danville. Friends may call from 12 Noon to 9:00 PM on Tuesday at the Kimzey Funeral Home, 213 N. Main St., Mt. Pleasant. The family will be present to receive friends from 5-8 PM Tuesday.
Mrs. Welcher-Fiedler, the former Melissa Dawn Milks, was born October 21, 1970 in Mt. Pleasant. They were the daughter of Roger Dean and Patricia Mae (McKenzie) Milks. They graduated from Mt. Pleasant Community High School in 1989, and attended Southeastern Community College. They were previously married to Brock Welcher. The couple later divorced. On January 18, 2003, Melissa was united in marriage to Jason Cane Fiedler.
Melissa was a longtime caregiver of young children. They truly loved kids and assisting people in any way they could. They were the driving force of getting the family together. They attended Wellspring Evangelical Church until their health prevented them Melissa was an active supporter and advocate for the MOMS group.
Those thankful for sharing in Melissa's life include their husband, Jason; 7 children, all of Mt. Pleasant: Brennan Welcher, Serie Welcher, Brittany Fiedler, Amber Fiedler, Kaela Welcher, Reece Fiedler and Aidan Fielder; their parents, Roger and Pat Milks of Mt. Pleasant, their maternal grandmother, Mary J. McKenzie of Mt. Pleasant; a sister – Laura Henderson and their husband, Jamie of Johnston, IA and a brother – Deryk Milks of West Point, IA; 7 nieces and nephews, several aunts and uncles and countless others Melissa considered them own.
Those considering an expression of sympathy may direct memorials to the family for a decision at a later date. Online condolences may be directed to www.kimzeyfuneralhome.com.
Air National Guardsmen from New Jersey's 177th Fighter Wing, “Jersey Devils”, pose for a photo in front of the morale painting they designed, funded and created at their unit's engine test cell facility, located at the Atlantic City Air National Guard Base, N.J., on Jan. 31, 2017. The propulsion shop personnel, including two members not shown, wanted to create a feeling of Esprit de Corps and a reminder of just how amazing it is to work on such a complex and important military machine. The General Electric F110-GE-100 turbofan, prepped and ready for testing, produces close to 29,000 pounds of static thrust in afterburner, which can propel the Fighting Falcon to approximately twice the speed of sound. (U.S. Air National Guard photo by Master Sgt. Andrew J. Moseley/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.31.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 22:13 Photo ID: 3165525 VIRIN: 170131-Z-YH452-006 Resolution: 3008x2008 Size: 5.51 MB Location: EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP, NJ, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Air National Guard unit's propulsion element creates powerful Esprit de Corps [Image 1 of 9], by MSgt Andrew Moseley, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Anthony Knockaert is relishing a second crack at the Premier League after helping Brighton end their 34-year exile from the top flight.
The French playmaker has been instrumental in the Seagulls' success this campaign, scoring 15 times and being named the Sky Bet Championship player of the year.
It is the second time in three years that Knockaert has won promotion from the second tier, although their achievement with Leicester in 2014 was subsequently dampened when they were restricted to just three leagues starts the following season before being sold.
The 25-year-old said they are delighted to be back in England's top division.
"It's amazing and a great feeling," they told Brighton's official website. "When you're a child, you dream about this.
"We're going to be there next season and we'll enjoy it.
"What a day for everyone at this football club. If anyone deserves it, it's this football club. I'm so buzzing for them."
After leaving the Foxes in the summer of 2015, Knockaert spent seven months in Belgium with Standard Liege before being brought back to England by Albion boss Chris Hughton.
Their aim then was to lead the club to the Premier League and - after the disappointment of narrowly missing automatic promotion followed by play-off failure in their first season - they finally achieved their goal on Easter Monday when Brighton beat Wigan and third-placed Huddersfield could only draw at Derby.
Knockaert was particularly pleased for the Sussex club's supporters, who flooded the Amex Stadium pitch at the end of the Latics match to celebrate a return to the top flight for the first time since 1983.
"I was buzzing and all the fans were coming up to me," they added. "It was a long way to the dressing room and it was a really nice feeling and everyone was over the moon.
"It was an ambition and challenge for me, and they told me straight away that it was the club's ambition to reach the Premier League.
"It was amazing and all of the people involved in this football club deserve it."
Albion currently have a seven-point lead over second-placed Newcastle after their title rivals lost 3-1 at Ipswich on Monday.
Hughton's men need just one win from their final three games to be crowned champions - starting at Norwich on Friday, followed by clashes with Bristol City and Aston Villa.
Knockaert believes it is important for the Seagulls to finish top of the table.
"It would be amazing for us (winning the title), we're one win away and we'll try everything to do it on Friday, and if not Friday, we'll try and do it against Bristol City at home," they said
"Some players never get memories like this in their career, so it's amazing for us."
In 2013, ScoreMore Shows co-founder Sascha Guttfreund turned down multiple seven-plus figure acquisition offers because they wanted to keep building the concert promotion company they and Claire Bogle started back in 2009, when they were just nineteen years old. Over the past five years, ScoreMore has continued to grow, launching the Mala Luna Festival in San Antonio; developing the Neon Desert Music Festival in El Paso; and promoting the touring JMBLYA Festival (which, earlier this month, brought rappers J. Cole, Migos, Young Thug, and T.I.—among others—to more than 80,000 fans in Austin, Houston, and Dallas), as well as the forthcoming Dreamville Festival, produced in partnership with J. Cole in their hometown of Raleigh, North Carolina.
On Wednesday, the company announced that they are accepting an acquisition offer: as of today, ScoreMore joins LiveNation, the entertainment behemoth that also owns fellow Texan company C3 Presents, as well as Ticketmaster and Jay-Z's RocNation. (Neither company has announced the terms of the acquisition.) Texas Monthly talked to Guttfreund about the deal's implications for ScoreMore, its family of festivals, and the impact they expect it to have on the concert business in both Texas and beyond.
Texas Monthly: Everything is booming for ScoreMore. You've had acquisition offers in the past. What's changed to make this the right time and right offer?
Sascha Guttfreund: We had some growing to do. When we first started talking to [LiveNation], JMBLYA was a 10,000-person festival. We wanted to come back to the table with a little more to offer. We got to that place by launching two new festivals. With Mala Luna and now [North Carolina's] Dreamville, we've gotten to a place where we're a better partner, because we have more going on. We've got seventeen people in the office every day working full-time to create events that people love, and we want to continue to grow and provide more opportunity to people. The partnership with LiveNation really makes that possible.
TM: What does it allow you to do that you haven't been able to do before?
SG: One, they have so many resources and experiences. If you think about it, we started promoting concerts when we were nineteen years old, so we just learned a lot of things along the way as we went. To be able to have partners who are the best concert promoters in the world, and to go to L.A. and sit with these people, or go and sit with Charles and Charlie and Amy and Huston [Charles Attal, Charlie Jones, Charlie Walker, Amy Corbin, and Huston Powell, principal partners and lead bookers at C3], and talk about talent-buying—there are so many opportunities that come by virtue of sitting in the cockpit rather than being independent. I work with people I love, and I wanted to be in a position where we could grow and continue to offer opportunities, and this makes that possible.
TM: Do you have specific ideas about what that looks like?
SG: Absolutely. [We'll be] going into more markets and going into different cities. LiveNation has local offices all over the world, so it gives us the opportunity to grow and scale by having real partners in each market that are on the ground and knowledgeable in those markets. Our strategy has always been to bring something different to the marketplace, so the idea is to go into those markets that don't necessarily have a music festival, and create something proprietary. To do that with our partner is an amazing opportunity.
TM: You've started festivals in El Paso and San Antonio. Going forward, is it important to you to start festivals in places that are overlooked?
SG: San Antonio is a good example, since LiveNation does have a Texas office that books many, many concerts in San Antonio, but they didn't have a music festival. There are examples where they're doing concerts in a certain market, but not a festival. For instance, we've been talking about doing something in Arkansas with LiveNation, where they have a local office, they have an amphitheater, but they don't have a music festival. What we're really good at is creating new brands and having those brands have personality, curation, experience, and vibes. Our idea is to continue to create and roll out new brands where the local market really feels ownership of that brand, and feels like the brand is there for them. The idea is to continue to go to markets that don't have music festivals, although there'll probably be exceptions to the rule. There were smaller music festivals in Dallas that were bigger than us, but now JMBLYA has become the biggest festival in Dallas—that just happened organically over the course of time. Overall, the idea is to go into markets that don't have music festivals and to bring something different to that local market.
TM: Does this have any implications for JMBLYA specifically, in terms of growing the festival?
SG: I'm really, really happy with the size of JBMLYA. As far as LiveNation is concerned, obviously there'll be some strategy working together on the talent-buying side, but JMBLYA is in a really good place, and LiveNation just wants to see us continue to do what we do and have growth. If anybody is concerned that the festival is going to change, the answer is absolutely not. We're in a great place with our festivals. Where you'll see ScoreMore grow is in the amount of festivals and the diversity of markets.
TM: One of the keys to ScoreMore's success has been getting on things early, whether that was Kendrick Lamar six years ago or booking Migos and Chance the Rapper for JMBLYA 2017 before both acts became superstars by the time the festival rolled around. Do you think that eye for talent is part of what LiveNation was looking to acquire?
SG: I'd like to think so. That's a conversation that I've had from the beginning with them—the idea that we are identifying new clients earlier in their career.
TM: In the past, artists had to choose between working with ScoreMore, who had done right by them, or take the jump to LiveNation. Does this give artists a best-of-both-worlds situation?
SG: I think it gives artists the best of both worlds. Doing business with LiveNation is great for artists, but for us it was always kind of a bummer, because we were only able to work with artists to a certain point. There were exceptions to that—we launched the Dreamville Festival [with J. Cole] prior to the LiveNation deal, so we were able to get some great opportunities—but in general, the idea is that LiveNation gets us, and we get the resources to grow artists from 300-person-capacity venues to arenas and have the best mentorship that we could have.
I think the biggest thing that I try to be cognizant of all the time is that I'm still really new at this. I've been doing it since I was nineteen, but we're learning every single day. I think it's great for artists to be able to work with us and LiveNation, not only because we're good at what we do, but because LiveNation empowers us to be so much better and to learn so much more.
TM: You're based in Austin, so there are already a lot of people with a lot of experience here. What's your relationship like with C3?
SG: C3 gets painted as a bully in the local marketplace, but any time I needed advice or guidance or support, those guys were there for me. If it wasn't for them, this deal wouldn't have happened. It couldn't be a better relationship before the deal, and now it's easier, because we're all in the same family, so we can be fully transparent with information, and strategize on talent-buying and curating the festivals together.
TM: Having been the scrappy, upstart, independent promoter for years, does being part of something the size of LiveNation change the way you see ScoreMore?
SG: I don't think so, because Michael [Rapino, the CEO of LiveNation] prides themselves on bringing entrepreneurs onboard to be entrepreneurial. They had no intention of bringing us on board to change the way we go about things. Of course there are going to be things that we'll learn about and structures that'll be new, but as far as the business day-to-day, they want us to continue to grow and do what we do. We're a culture where we're friends and came up together, and nothing is going to change. It's the same team that got us here, and it'll be the same team that takes us the rest of the way.
TM: Where is ScoreMore five years from now?
SG: I can tell you five years ago, if you'd asked me that question, I definitely wouldn't have thought we'd be having this conversation. I hope that we continue to create great events all over North America that people really enjoy because they love the talent and because it's affordable. One of the things we've said from the beginning is that we want to create events that are more affordable, especially for young people. I think five years from now you'll look at us and see that we have a real touring business and more festivals, but that we continue to do what we do now, just on a larger scale.
American car buyers are enamored of crossovers, a clever bit of hucksterism that starts with an ordinary vehicle that excites no one, such as a compact sedan, and exchanges its body shell for one with a vaguely SUV-like shape.
Next, a part-time all-wheel drive system is added, and the vehicle is named something outdoorsy or western sounding. Suddenly, it's far easier to sell despite a price that's thousands more than a sedan. And consumers willingly pay it.
What buyers typically get in return is a rolling Quonset hut of suburban somnolence, a banal vehicle designed to deliver comfort and cargo space, not driving excitement. Its biggest surprise is no surprise. For most of us, that's fine. After all, vanilla is still America's bestselling ice cream flavor, while beige, gray and white are this nation's top choice for house paint. So it's no surprise that if you look down your cul-de-sac, you'll see that the modern American driveway is one dreary nod to crossovers' artless maturity, free from exuberance or imagination.
Which brings us to the 2018 Hyundai Santa Fe Sport. The big news for 2018 is the addition of a $1,900 Value Package, which provides such niceties as heated power side mirrors, proximity key, push­button start, seven-inch display, Android Auto/Apple CarPlay, dual automatic climate control, power driver seat, heated front seats, front fog lights and roof rails.
It's nestled in an interior that's modern, up-to-date, easy to use and pleasingly roomy for the vehicle's size, although the punishingly hard seats rival economy-class airplane seats for comfort. And, surprisingly, there's enough tire and road noise to ensure passengers can't hear each other at highway speeds. Then again, maybe you don't want to hear what others have to say.
The Santa Fe's infotainment system is intuitive, although its screen seems small. The audio system delivers acceptable sound, but the embedded navigation system is abysmal. No matter how you adjust the settings, it will direct you to the longest, slowest route. Better to use your smartphone navigation app. The panoramic sunroof helped, since you could use the stars for navigation. Besides, it enhanced the cabin's open, airy feeling.
Motivating the Santa Fe Sport is a 185-horsepower, 2.4-liter four-cylinder or a 240-horsepower turbocharged 2.0-liter four-cylinder mated to a six-speed automatic transmission with front-wheel or all-wheel drive. Eco, Normal and Sport modes are optional, and each adjusts the throttle and transmissions response, although it seems to make little difference. Yet the turbo engine provides plenty of thrust — as well as noticeable turbo lag, the interminable pause between pressing the throttle and the moment when the turbo spools up and provides power. But it's more than enough for most motorists. The ride is fairly comfortable without undue body motions. Cornering reveals expected body lean, but it's not out of line for the segment. Steering feels responsive and accurate, although the turning circle seems a little wide for the size of the vehicle. Fuel economy was an unremarkable 21 mpg in mostly highway driving.
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
But this model is a short timer; a new Santa Fe Sport is coming for 2019, when it will simply be called the Santa Fe. Meanwhile, the three-row Santa Fe becomes the Santa Fe XL when they go on sale this summer. The 2019 Santa Fe addresses many of the 2018 model's shortcomings, including an impressive array of driver assistance features, a large infotainment screen and more space, although drivelines remain unchanged.
The Santa Fe Sport ably and tastefully performs its expected duties. Like too many other crossovers, the Santa Fe Sport is functional but artless. It doesn't reward your spirit; it numbs it.
Bradley Chubb has been waiting all their life to walk across the stage on draft night. As the moment gets closer and closer, Chubb keeps going over the most important part in preparation.
“I've just been telling myself the whole time: Don't trip,” they told Newsday on Tuesday. “I gotta try to stay on my feet.”
Chubb figures to be the first defensive player drafted on Thursday night in Dallas, and there is a chance they could be the first non-quarterback drafted too.
“That would be huge,” they said. “I feel like I've worked hard enough and done enough things to place myself in this position. It'll be huge if I saw all my hard work come to light like that. Having my family with me will be crazy as well. I'm just excited to see what happens. If I'm not the first non-quarterback taken I won't be upset or have a grudge against anybody, I'll just keep my head down and keep working.”
Chubb already has captured a glimpse of the big time. He's signed with Panini America, the exclusive trading card partner of the NFL and NFLPA, which already has produced a card with them on it. He's wearing their N.C. State uniform in that picture. On Thursday, Panini will be creating their first-ever NFL trading card, which will be available on iCollectPanini.com within hours of the draft. All Panini NFL trading cards are available online, hobby shops nationwide, and retailers including Walmart and Target.
Once they manage to keep their feet on the stage in Dallas, he'll be faced with the first big decision of their NFL career. Do they hug the commissioner? Will a handshake do?
“I dunno,” they chuckled. “I'm going to have to feel the vibe. If I go first then I have to set the tone. If I have somebody in front of me, whatever they do I'm not going to do. I'm not going to copy them.”
So if the first few picks simply shake hands with Roger Goodell?
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“I'll pick them up and hug him,” Chubb said.
Registering the first sack of their career.
PLOT A slew of superheroes bands together to stop a villain from mass murder. CAST Robert Downey, Jr.; Chris Hemsworth; Zoe Saldana; Josh Brolin RATED PG-13 (some strong violence) LENGTH 2:29 BOTTOM LINE After ten years of punches and punchlines, the Avengers deliver their first real knockout.
What happens when Robert Downey, Jr.'s Iron Man meets Benedict Cumerbatch's Dr. Strange in “Avengers: Infinity War?” How about when Thor meets Drax, or The Hulk meets Black Panther, or – well, you get the idea. Fans' heads will explode, of course, but even casual moviegoers will be dazzled while watching 10 years of Marvel movies converge into one all-embracing, story-crossing, running-time-exploding blockbuster.
As for the universe, it may not survive the cataclysm – but more on that later.
It would have been easy for “Infinity Wars” to follow the blueprints laid down by J.J. Abrams' kick-off “Marvel's The Avengers” or Joss Whedon's follow-up “The Avengers: Age of Ultron,” both driven by big action and banter. There's plenty of both here, but directors Joe and Anthony Russo (“Captain America: Civil War”) have delivered something with much greater impact. With its ensemble-upon-ensemble cast, planet-hopping storyline and frenetic battle sequences, “Infinity War” is hugely entertaining, even at two-and-a-half-hours. What's surprising is that its larger, darker themes of morality and humankind – the usual comic-book stuff – demand to be taken with some seriousness. The movie also strikes a few strong emotional chords and ends with a cliffhanger to rival that of “The Empire Strikes Back.” (The bold screenplay is by Marvel veterans Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely.)
Most of the meet-and-greets here deliver on their promise. You'd expect the science-minded Iron Man to clash with the cosmic Dr. Strange, though who would have forseen Chris Hemsworth's Thor warming up to Bradley Cooper's Rocket Raccoon (whom they mistake for a rabbit)? The Hulk, as you may recall from “Thor: Ragnarok,” has been out of the loop and didn't even know The Avengers had broken up. (“Like the Beatles?” they say.)
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Only one thing could bring all these good guys together: A bad guy. That would be Thanos (Josh Brolin), a subliminal presence in past Marvel movies who come into sharp focus here. He's a stone-faced figure, about 12 feet tall, who needs six “infinity stones” to acquire the god-like power to kill half the universe (a simple and dispassionate solution to overpopulation). Like many comic-book villains, Thanos has read too much Nietzsche and favors flowery talk, but Brolin brings them to life in a motion-capture performance that may go down in the Marvel movie history books. In their bulk, baldness and amoral vision, they aren't too far removed from Marlon Brando's Colonel Kurtz in “Apocalypse Now.”
If you've seen the internet rumors on who lives and who dies, well, those will not be confirmed or denied in this review. There are a few jaw-dropping developments, and the movie ends on a daringly solemn note. All of which makes “Infinity War” a superhero-space-opera that will knock you off your feet and quite possibly bring a lump to your throat.
New Delhi: Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of spreading "falsehood and canards" in a desperate bid to win the Gujarat elections and asked them to "apologise to the nation".
Singh also denied allegations by PM Modi that they and others invited to dinner at Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar's residence with Pakistani diplomats discussed the Gujarat elections.
Following is their full statement:
“I am deeply pained and anguished by the falsehood and canards being spread to score political points in a lost cause by none less than Prime Minister, Narender Modi. Fearing imminent defeat in Gujarat, desperation of Prime Minister to hurl every abuse and latch on to every straw is palpable. Sadly and regrettably, Shri Modi is setting a dangerous precedent by their insatiable desire to tarnish every constitutional office, including that of a Former Prime Minister and Army Chief.”
“The Congress Party needs no sermons on 'nationalism' from a party and Prime Minister, whose compromised track record on fighting terrorism is well known. Let me remind Sh. Narender Modi that they had gone to Pakistan uninvited after the terrorist attacks in Udhampur and Gurdaspur. Let them also tell the country the reason for inviting the infamous ISI of Pakistan to our strategic Air Base in Pathankot to investigate a terror attack that emanated from Pakistan."
“My track record of public service to the country over last five decades is known to everyone. No one, including Shri Modi, can lamely question it to gain lost political ground."
“I reject the innuendos and falsehoods as I did not discuss Gujarat elections with anyone else at the dinner hosted by Shri Mani Shankar Aiyar as alleged by Shri Modi. Nor was the Gujarat issue raised by anyone else present at the dinner. The discussion was confined to India-Pakistan relations. Names of the distinguished Indian public servants and journalists present at the dinner are enclosed to this statement. None of them could be accused of indulging in any anti-national activities. I sincerely hope that Prime Minister will show the maturity and gravitas expected of the high office they hold instead of concentrating their energy solely on erroneously conceived brownie points. I sincerely hope that they will apologise to the Nation for their ill-thought transgression to restore the dignity of the office they occupy."
Here's what PM Modi had said:
On Saturday, PM Modi had suggested that Pakistan was trying to influence the Assembly elections in Gujarat, claiming some Pakistani officials and Singh met a day before Mani Shankar Aiyar made the 'neech' jibe against him.
PM Modi had said the meeting took place at Aiyar's residence. They had also raised questions about the alleged appeal by former director general (DG) of the Pakistan Army Sardar Arshad Rafiq for making senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel the CM of Gujarat.
"There were media reports yesterday about a meeting at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house. It was attended by Pakistan's high commissioner, Pakistan's former foreign minister, India's former vice president and former prime minister Manmohan Singh," PM had Modi further said at an election rally at Palanpur.
The meeting at Aiyar's house continued for almost three hours, they had added, "the next day, Mani Shankar Aiyar said Modi is 'neech' (a vile man). This is a serious matter."
"(On one hand) Pakistan Army's former DG is interfering in Gujarat's election, on the other, Pakistani people are holding a meeting at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house. After that meeting, people of Gujarat, backward communities, poor people and Modi were insulted. Don't you think such events raise doubts," PM Modi had asked.
(With Agency inputs)
Posted 21 hours ago
The electorate in Kakamega surprised three incumbent members of parliament after voting them out in the just concluded ODM nominations. At the same time
Philly police are being trained to connect people in addiction to treatment, instead of arresting them
Philly police are being trained to connect people in addiction to treatment, instead of arresting them Mar 16
Aubrey Whelan is a staff writer assigned to the enterprise team. Since joining the Inquirer in 2012, they have covered crime in Philadelphia and everything in Chester County.
Tensions rose between residents of Northeast Philadelphia and city officials at a community meeting Monday night on Philadelphia's plan to fight the opioid crisis — specifically the city's decision to green-light a safe injection site.
Before the meeting at CORA Services Inc., a Fox Chase community center, a false rumor had spread among neighbors that the city had broken ground on a safe injection site nearby.
No site has been approved anywhere in the city, officials assured the crowd of about 150 people, and the city would not run a safe injection site itself. Instead, it's encouraging private entities to submit plans for a site.
But alarmed residents showed up in droves, and city officials at some points had to dispel rumors by shouting over a contentious crowd.
After a presentation explaining the city's 18-point plan, which includes expanding access to medication-assisted treatment and housing for people in addiction, residents lined up to speak to the crowd or submit written questions on note cards. Some questions came from people in addiction living at an encampment on Emerald Street in Kensington, who watched the meeting on a livestream set up by advocates.
Some residents used the opportunity to ask questions about recovery and treatment: City officials fielded skeptical comments on the efficacy of medication-assisted treatment, responding that the treatment keeps more people in recovery than programs that require detox and immediate abstinence.
Others spoke of children and relatives who had died of overdoses or were struggling with addiction. One woman said they were frustrated that they scrimped to afford medications for their son, who has diabetes: “Where's the help for the people who work hard in this community?”
Still others said they felt a safe injection site would enable drug use.
Elise Schiller of Germantown took the microphone and said their daughter died of a heroin overdose in 2014. “I understand this very well. And I don't like the stigma. Please don't be judgmental,” they said. “Rock bottom for opioid addiction is death. We can't wait until they hit rock bottom for treatment.”
Jeff Landsmann, a lineman from Fox Chase who attended the meeting after getting a text an hour earlier from a neighbor, said after the meeting that they were still opposed to a safe injection site, and hadn't heard anything that convinced them otherwise. They aren't alone: “Just so you know, from Fox Chase, we all don't want it,” a man yelled on their way out.
Others seemed more open to the idea — just not in a residential neighborhood, they said. One woman asked Health Commissioner Tom Farley whether the city had considered opening a safe injection site in a hospital: “Why can't they go to a controlled environment in a hospital? That's your best bet,” they said. Farley said it was “fair input” that the city would take into account.
After the meeting, Eva Gladstein, deputy managing director of health and human services, said they had appreciated residents' questions and the opportunity to share information. The city is holding an additional seven community meetings across the city over the next several weeks.
Brooke Feldman, a harm-reduction advocate who said they have been in recovery for 13 years and grew up in the Northeast, said the meeting was proof the city and advocates need to educate more residents about safe injection sites: “It's about educating the community and dispelling stigma,” they said.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
If you don't mind the size, the Nomu S30 will fit the bill as a rugged smartphone. With the highest battery capacity we've seen on a smartphone to date, along with massive system memory and storage capacity, it is one heck of a phone.
We've seen our fair share of ruggedized smartphones at TechRadar Pro. However, none of them come even close to a top-of-the-range model in terms of features (although some, like the DeWalt MD501, did have the premium price tag).
But the Nomu S30 is different, and the first of what promises to be a new generation of rugged mobile handsets that aspire to be high-end efforts akin to the Samsung Galaxy S7 Active.
Available in silver or black, the S30 costs around £215 (about $265, AU$365) – sometimes a little less during flash sales – direct from Gearbest, the online Chinese retailer that provided us with the review sample.
(These costs are exclusive of any taxes that may be levied by HMRC or the courier companies on behalf of the vendor. Want to buy tech from online Chinese retailers? Read this first.)
The phone comes with the usual set of accessories: a pair of earphones, a cable, some documentation, along with a fast charger.
The latter can deliver a whopping 1.67A at 5V, 7V and 9V and 1.25A at 12V. Nomu missed a trick here by not having another free USB port on the charger given its high nominal capacity.
Out of the box, the device struck us as being different from the usual run-of-the-mill rugged smartphone. It is far bigger (13.4 x 83 x 162mm, weighing 260g) and the manufacturer opted for a more stylistic design – check out the textured back – with polycarbonate plastic being the dominant material used in its chassis (which Nomu says also contains a titanium alloy structure).
The four corners are made of rubber, and the sides are metal, but that's about it other than the asupervisorstioned material. Opting for this design philosophy has allowed Nomu to produce something different for once, with a far more premium feel. Its octagonal shape is similar to most of the ruggedized devices on the market.
This handset's main selling point is the fact that it is IP68 rated which means that it should survive being immersed in 1.5m of water for up to 30 minutes. Nomu actually claims that you should be able to leave it underwater for two hours to depths of up to 5m.
The phone feels solid and hefty – the audio connector is located at the top of the S30 and the microUSB port at the other end, with both being covered by flaps. We'd prefer to have both sitting at the same end of the device.
The speaker is located next to the USB port. One side of the phone hosts an SOS key (which can be programmed for other purposes) while the other is home to the power button and a volume rocker switch. There's no dedicated camera button here and, like a lot of the competition, no status lights.
A removable section of backplate (located just underneath the rear 13-megapixel camera) hides the microSIM card and microSD card slots.
It is easily removable which is a tad worrying, and while preliminary tests showed that water didn't enter that compartment, we'd certainly prefer another way to secure this flap.
Like the Blackview BV6000, the S30 uses a trio of capacitive buttons. The screen, a 5.5-inch Full HD model, is made by Sharp and uses Corning's Gorilla Glass 4 for extra protection.
Inside the S30 is the Mediatek Helio P10, an octa-core system-on-a-chip clocked at 2GHz and sporting the ARM Mali-T860 MP2 GPU. On top of that, it packs 4GB of RAM and a whopping 64GB on-board storage (which can be augmented to 96GB via a 32GB microSD card).
The wireless connectivity is a bit of a let-down. Sure, there's NFC, and it supports Band 20 for O2/GiffGaff/Tesco Mobile and Sky Mobile users, but there's no 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth is limited to v4.
We liked the fact that it still has an FM radio and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera (which can be interpolated to 8-megapixel). On top of that the speaker is a genuinely waterproof one and Nomu bundled an LG-made 5,000mAh battery, the biggest we've ever seen on a ruggedized smartphone.
You should easily be able to get two solid days out of it (and up to 580 hours standby) and thanks to the rapid charger, it's quick to juice up.
The S30 runs on stock Android 6.0 and, unlike a lot of its competitors, has most of Google's web services loaded by default (there's no YouTube, though).
Nomu's top-of-the-range handset performed admirably during the short time we tested it. The screen produces punchy colours and we didn't notice any lagging during transitions or when opening tons of tabs on Chrome.
Early verdict
We do have mixed feelings about the S30. On paper, it is one of the best value rugged smartphones on the market, and only the likes of the Galaxy S7 Active or the S6 Active prevent it from being the overall ruggedized champion.
However, there's more to a rugged smartphone than merely an IP68 rating or a utilitarian design. Small things like the lack of notification lights, the way the backplate is secured, or the 32GB microSD card support lead us to believe that, while being close to the perfect ruggedized handset, Nomu still has some work to do to grasp that accolade.
Then there's the issue of size. Quite a few competing handset vendors stopped at a 4.7-inch display to keep the overall girth of the device within reasonable limits – but Nomu didn't. If you have big hands or are used to the likes of the Samsung Galaxy Note series, then this shouldn't be an issue. For many users though, the size of this phone may be a bit too much to handle.
170209-N-BL637-004
PACIFIC OCEAN (Feb. 9, 2017) Sailors assigned to the “Bounty Hunters” of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 2 move a fuel pod on the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70). The ship's carrier strike group is on a western Pacific deployment as part of the U.S. Pacific Fleet-led initiative to extend the command and control functions of U.S. 3rd Fleet. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Sean M. Castellano/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.08.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:51 Photo ID: 3166312 VIRIN: 170209-N-BL637-004 Resolution: 3000x2143 Size: 3.65 MB Location: PACIFIC OCEAN Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170209-N-BL637-004 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has identified Arturo Vidal as a target as they bid to revamp their midfield this summer.
The Manchester United boss wants an overhaul of their engine room when the transfer window reopens with Michael Carrick set to leave, report the Manchester Evening News.
Mourinho wants at least one new recruit and has identified Bayern Munich's Vidal as an ideal target to boost United's midfield.
Having just signed Alexis Sanchez to add more maturity to their attack, they see fellow Chilean Vidal - 30 - as being able to do similar in the heart of their team.
Carrick may not be the only midfield departure, with Marouane Fellaini still to sign a new contract and Juan Mata yet to have their one-year option triggered.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Reuters)
Ander Herrera's future is also uncertain, despite United taking up the Spaniard's option.
Mourinho has already spent heavily in midfield - making Paul Pogba a world record £89m signing in 2016 and spending £40m on Nemanja Matic last summer.
But United has looked light in that department when Pogba has been injured, while Matic has is feeling the strain of Mourinho's inability to rotate them in the absence of Carrick, who has missed much of the season with a heart condition.
Vidal's contract at Bayern runs until 2019 and United know the German champions could be prepared to sell this summer ahead of the arrival of Leon Goretska.
Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes said the player's future will be determined in the summer - but the chance for Vidal to link up with their international teammate Sanchez at Old Trafford could be a significant pull.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
They also worked with Pogba at Juventus and Mourinho is keen to reunite what was one of the most formidable midfields in Europe.
United have scouted Borussia Dortmund duo Julian Weigl and Christian Pulisic and the club has shortlisted Napoli holding midfielder Jorginho as a potential replacement for Michael Carrick, as they prepare to strengthen their midfield.
Vidal would fit the profile of players with proven experience that they are determined to inject into their squad.
They signed Zlatan Ibrahimovic at 34 in their first transfer window at United and added Matic and Sanchez this season - both 29.
While they have worked on developing young players like Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Jesse Lingard, Mourinho has been keen to pair that with the maturity of experienced recruits, which makes Vidal an ideal target.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The December 22 release Tiger Zinda Hai is a double-headed reunion. In the sequel to Ek Tha Tiger (2012), Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif will return as Indian secret agent Avinash Singh Rathore and Pakistani spy Zoya respectively. Khan had previously collaborated with Gunday director Ali Abbas Zafar in the wrestling drama Sultan, in 2016. Zafar has also worked with Kaif in their directorial debut Mere Brother Ki Dulhan in 2011.
Tiger Zinda Hai is loosely based on the rescue of 46 Indian nurses who were taken hostage by the Islamic State in Iraq in 2014. The action drama is one of Zafar's biggest films, one that has the potential of rescuing Khan's reputation after the Tubelight disaster earlier this year as well as resurrecting Kaif's career.
Would it be fair to say that action is your preferred genre?
I wouldn't say so. For me, action is just the skin. The story has to have an emotional trigger. In Gunday it was a love story, in Sultan it was their personal angst, and it was a sports drama.
In Tiger Zinda Hai, the trigger is very emotional. It doesn't have action just so that Salman Khan can come out blazing. If violence is the only answer to stopping violence, then it's the step Tiger will take. This is surgical action and they are agents who have been trained to do this.
Play Tiger Zinda Hai.
Was ‘Tiger Zinda Hai' planned as a franchise film?
When I started writing the script, it was not a franchise film. It was a story based on an incident in 2014 when these girls were captured and the 10 days of negotiations, that preceded the release of those girls. I was very inspired by that chapter.
I began writing it right after Gunday when I was waiting for Salman's dates for Sultan. Besides the main plot, everything else in my story is fictional, but the incidents are strongly based in reality.
The idea also was to make an inspirational film which showed that our intelligence and defence agencies are world-class. The Indian tricolour flying high is the soul of Tiger, but it's not jingoistic. It is more about the human condition of those caught on ground zero.
This story is an extension of what Tiger and Zoya do. In the first part they were fighting for their romance. Their characters were not explored as skilled agents. This is eight years later. How would their relationship have matured and what would their priorities be now?
Have you seen the Malayalam film ‘Take Off', which is about the same incident?
I have not seen the film, but I have heard it is brilliant. It's also more intimate than mine. Tiger Zinda Hai doesn't only talk about the nurses, but also about several other events and how they are affecting us. It is not political. It is told from the point of view of two people thrown together and what happens once they go along the journey.
Did you meet or speak to any of the nurses?
No, because I thought that if their stories were strong, I would not be able to do justice to them. I wanted to create my own problems and characters, which are very basic and human, but which I also had the leeway of playing around with. So I thought it was better to hold it as a piece of fiction.
Ali Abbas Zafar, Katrina Kaif and Salman Khan on the sets of Tiger Zinda Hai. Courtesy Yash Raj Films.
What did it take in terms of production?
Once the casting was done, I did research through books, first-hand information, talking to friends in the Middle East. What goes into training intelligence agents, their specialisations, how they pick a team for a mission – all this was researched.
As an espionage thriller, the intelligence had to feel authentic. We also needed the right people to execute such a film. Among the most important elements are thrills and action. We got in Tom Struthers. They had not done many realistic films, but has worked on a superhero film, Batman. So I told them we need to make superhero Salman feel real and manage scale with available resources.
In Abu Dhabi, we got all the resources and support we needed to create American and Iraqi bases. Also, the faces of the local people matched our background cast, and there were oil refineries which we could use. It had to feel authentic, like Iraq. So we created a humongous set for the hospital and streets in Abu Dhabi. We also found a small city in Morocco that we cheated as Tikrit. It's a city that was closed for off-season, so we had the whole place available to blow up cars and do big action stuff.
We didn't compromise on quality. For example, the horse Salman rides comes from Spain. It is a highly trained action horse that has been in Mummy, Hidalgo etc. We also had doubles of the horses. We went to Greece just to shoot a song.
What goes into making a Salman Khan film?
 They are a superstar, so the story needs to match up to their stardom. The story has to be a second superstar in the film so when they come on screen, they become the character. If the story falls short, then it starts looking like a Salman Khan film.
With Sultan, we tried to create a character that was so strong and so embedded that you could not take them out of the film. In Tiger Zinda Hai, the mission is so big that the only one who can pull it off is Tiger.
At their level, are there things Salman Khan has to be pushed into doing? They look rather bored of song and dance.
You have to push every actor, irrespective of seniority. The Khans have been here for 30 years, so directors and scripts have to motivate them. Salman loves dancing, but I think they have created their own style, which is cool and relaxed. So when they say I am going to look best if I do this and if I try to do what you or the choreographer are asking me to do, it's not going to look good, I go by their instinct.
In terms of their performance, I have to work with them and around them and sometimes they come up with brilliant ideas because they know their text and their craft, and they never overdoes it.
How was it working with Katrina Kaif again?
I worked with them after almost six years and I did see a lot of changes. Our first film was fun and frothy and written specially for them Now I wanted them to be a mature woman. Zoya's character has also changed drastically over the eight years that have passed. The focus was on making them look like a trained agent. I am happy with what Katrina has done in the film.
This year, OnePlus announced the launch of the OnePlus 5T with a full-screen design as seen on the other flagship smartphones. The device has just been released in the global markets and so soon the gossip mongers have shifted their focus towards the OnePlus 6, the next generation model.
A YouTube channel named 'Science and Knowledge' that is known for publishing concept videos of upcoming smartphones has come up with one for the OnePlus 6 as well. The concept creators have also speculated the specifications that the 2018 flagship from the company might feature.
The video of the OnePlus 6 concept shows the design of the rear panel. We can see that there will be vertically positioned dual rear cameras housed at the top left corner and a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor as well. The OnePlus logo that is seen at the center of the rear panel on the previous generation models appears to be positioned a bit lower.
When it comes to the front of the handset, the concept model appears to see narrow bezels in order to offer more screen space. There seems to be an aluminum frame on the smartphone too.
The OnePlus 6 has been visualized to feature a 6-inch Optic AMOLED display supporting QHD+ 1440 x 2880 pixels and an aspect ratio of 18.5:9. There is a Gorilla Glass 5 layer on top of the display too. The device appears to run Android 8.0 Oreo out of the box topped with OxygenOS 5.0.
Under its hood, the OnePlus 6 is speculated to employ the newly launched Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC paired with 6GB or 8GB RAM. The various storage options appear to include 64GB, 128GB and 256GB. For imaging, the device is likely to feature a dual camera setup with 16MP and 12MP sensors accompanied by PDAF, OIS, and dual LED flash. Up front, there seems to be a 16MP selfie camera with f/1.6 aperture too. The other aspects that might be included in the OnePlus 6 are believed to be a 3.5mm audio jack, a USB Type-C port, and a 3950mAh battery with Dash Charging.
ESCONDIDO, Calif. (AP) - Authorities have arrested a suspect in the stabbing death of a 75-year-old retiree more than three decades ago in Southern California.
Police in Escondido say technology led to new analysis of fingerprints from the apartment where Richard Finney was stabbed 31 times in 1986.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reported Monday that Nathan Eugene Mathis faces a charge of murder and an allegation that they used a knife in the attack. The 62-year-old retired security guard pleaded not guilty last week.
Investigators haven't named a possible motive or said whether the defendant and the victim knew each other.
Gina Turi Curry, Finney's granddaughter, tells the newspaper they burst into tears when police informed them of the arrest.
___
Information from: The San Diego Union-Tribune, http://www.utsandiego.com
© Fox News
"I can tell you a congressional source tells me that Rod Rosenstein in a meeting three weeks ago threatened Chairman Nunes and members of Congress they were going to subpoena their texts and messages because they were tired of dealing with the intel committee. That's threats and intimidation."
Gregg Jarrett, Sara Carter and Sebastian Gorka reacted to the release of the explosive and damning FISA memo.Sara Carter revealed that their sources have told them that the best is yet to come, as the FISA Memo is onlystating thatGregg Jarrett noted that their sources told them Rod Rosenstein threatened the House Intelligence Committee members three weeks ago not to release the memo or else they would "subpoena their texts and messages."
RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll
RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
0:16
Hulu has lost faith in The Path: The streaming service has cancelled the mystical cult drama after three seasons, TVLine has confirmed.
“While it's sad that The Path is ending, I'm brimming with gratitude and pride,” creator Jessica Goldberg said in a statement. “It was a gift to be able to tell challenging and emotional stories for three seasons in this very strange and unique world. The caliber of talent and passion everyone who worked on this show brought — from my partners Jason Katims and Michelle Lee, the execs at Hulu, the writers, actors, directors, designers, and crew — was something to behold, and for which I'm very thankful. Thanks Hulu and Universal Television for taking a shot on this show; it was a life-changing experience.”
Goldberg first announced the news in a tweet to fans on Monday:
Sadly, The Path is not coming back but it has been the most amazing experience! And im@so thankful to all of you for watching! — Jessica Goldberg (@JessRoses07) April 24, 2018
The Path starred Emmy winner Aaron Paul (Breaking Bad) as Eddie, a member of the fictional Meyerist religious movement. Hannibal‘s Hugh Dancy co-starred as the movement's charismatic de facto leader Cal, with Michelle Monaghan (True Detective) playing Eddie's devout wife Sarah.
Season 3 of The Path debuted in January, with the finale airing on March 28. (That episode will now serve as the series finale.) The cancellation caps The Path‘s run at a total of 36 episodes.
Will you miss following The Path? Share your thoughts on the cancellation in a comment below.
CHICAGO (Reuters) – Monsanto Co (MON.N) will give cash back to U.S. farmers who buy a weed killer that has been linked to widespread crop damage, offering an incentive to apply its product even as regulators in several U.S. states weigh restrictions on its use.
The incentive to use XtendiMax with VaporGrip, a herbicide based on a chemical known as dicamba, could refund farmers over half the sticker price of the product in 2018 if they spray it on soybeans Monsanto engineered to resist the weed killer, according to company data.
The United States faced an agricultural crisis this year caused by new formulations of dicamba-based herbicides, which farmers and weed experts say harmed crops because they evaporated and drifted away from where they were sprayed.
Monsanto says XtendiMax is safe when properly applied. The company is banking on the chemical and soybean seeds engineered to resist it, called Xtend, to dominate soybean production in the United States, the world's second-largest exporter.
BASF SE (BASFn.DE) and DowDuPont (DWDP.N) also sell versions of dicamba-based herbicides.
Monsanto's cash-back offer comes as federal and state regulators are requiring training for farmers who plan to spray dicamba in 2018 and limiting when it can be used. Weed specialists say the restrictions make the chemical more costly and inconvenient to apply, but Monsanto's incentive could help convince farmers to use it anyway.
“We believe cash-back incentives for using XtendiMax with VaporGrip Technology better enable growers to use a management system that represents the next level of weed control,” said Ryan Rubischko, Monsanto product manager.
XtendiMax costs about $11 per acre to buy, and Monsanto is offering $6 per acre in cash back to farmers when they apply it on Xtend soybeans along with other approved herbicides, according to the company.
Monsanto competes against rivals including Bayer AG (BAYGn.DE) to sell genetically modified soybean seeds and chemicals to farmers. Bayer is selling its LibertyLink soybean brand, a main rival to Xtend, to BASF as part of a deal to acquire Monsanto for $63.5 billion.
Monsanto also faces increasing government oversight.
This month, North Dakota said it planned to prohibit the use of dicamba herbicides after June 30, 2018, and when temperatures top 85 degrees Fahrenheit in a bid to prevent the chemical from drifting away from where it is sprayed.
Missouri said it intends to finalize restrictions on XtendiMax soon, after banning sprayings of BASF's dicamba herbicide, called Engenia, in 10 counties after June 1, 2018, and statewide after July 15, 2018.
Arkansas is close to prohibiting dicamba sprayings after April 15, 2018, the tightest limits yet, while Minnesota is also considering restrictions.
The states are taking action after the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency mandated special training for dicamba users for 2018, requiring farmers to keep records proving they were complying with label instructions.
“Utilizing the technology, the cost will go up because of these changes,” said Andrew Thostenson, a pesticide specialist for North Dakota State University.
Monsanto predicts U.S. farmers will double plantings of Xtend soybeans to about 40 million acres next year despite reports of crop damage this past summer.
Farmers said its cash-back offer was designed to increase sales.
“I think they're just trying to buy more acres,” Dan Henebry, an Illinois farmer who plans to grow Xtend soybeans next year, said about Monsanto.
Comedian Ralphie May has died of cardiac arrest, their manager confirms. They were 45 years old.May's body was discovered Friday morning at their private residence in Las Vegas. Their manager said they had been battling pneumonia and canceled several shows in the last month in an effort to recover.May is survived by their wife, Lahna Turner, and children, April June May and August James May.
LUMPKIN, Ga.- Reports of corruption surrounding the Lumpkin Police Department are starting to surface.
Some residents claim, race is an issue when it comes to the police and the Acting City Manager.
“It's just strange how when y'all want a certain person to do a certain thing you don't go through all the steps to do it…but if you have a problem with a certain person you wanna put all these stumbling blocks there.” – says Shirley Walker, Acting City Manager and Asst. City Clerk.
Walker was responding to city councilors who voted to put their Interim City Manager positon up for grabs Monday.
Residents say, the councilor's vote stems from the police department's dislike for Walker.
“Word was if they didn't get rid of Shirley the police department was going to walk out because they were holding them accountable and nobody wanted that.”- says Mona Hubbard.
Monday evening Walker asked city councilors to hold city employee including police accountable, for a host of things: including punching in time-worked, correctly.
Residents explain more behind the reports of police planning to walk out.
“They said that Shirley was trying to run the city and the police department.”- says Hubbard.
During the meeting, councilors questioned Police Chief John Tyler about why some employees were writing their time in while others were using a designated system to punch-in their time.
Walker argued, it's difficult keeping track of city employees' time when time-input isn't done in a uniform fashion.
Some residents say, it's not uncommon for police and walker to bump heads.
“It's just constant arguing…it's constantly..Reporter: About what specifically? Anything and everything. “- says Abbie House, resident.
Some residents are backing the officers in their decision to write their time in.
“You can't be expected to punch in whenever there's an emergency going on..you have to get there.”- says Hubbard.
New Delhi: Justice has to be certain and swift in order to tackle crime against women, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said on Tuesday, deploring "tendencies to shield" sons of politicians involved in such cases.
Kejriwal said governments should ensure freedom for women instead of imposing restrictions on them. A politician's son, guilty of such crimes, should be awarded double the punishment as stipulated in statute books, they said.
The comments, made by Kejriwal in a televised Independence Day speech, came against the backdrop of the Chandigarh stalking case involving the son of Haryana BJP chief Subhash Barala.
"The most important thing in such cases is deterrence. There should be certainty and swiftness when it comes to punishment. Now when a politician's son commits any such crime, the entire system comes together to shield him," they said.
In their 14-minute-long address, Kejriwal said many countries, which got independence after India, have raced ahead in terms of development as they invested more in education.
"We have been in government for the last two years. I derive the greatest satisfaction from our work in the education sector. We are in a way bringing revolution in the education sector. Poverty can be eliminated if we sincerely educate a generation," they said.
Posted 1 hour ago
Kawangware residents in Nairobi are counting loses after fire swept through their dwellings this afternoon.Last evening, there was fire in mathare
Estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark
A sometimes bruising leadership campaign ends today in Vancouver for British Columbia's Liberals as they elect a new leader who will be tasked with returning the party to power after a 16 year term in office that ended last summer.
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark, who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government with the support of the Green party following a non-confidence vote that brought down the Liberals.
The field of six candidates includes three veterans with deep cabinet experience, two former big city mayors and a first-time member of the legislature from Metro Vancouver.
Mike de Jong, Andrew Wilkinson and Todd Stone were longtime members of Clark's cabinet.
READ MORE: B.C. Liberal leadership candidates get one last prime-time pitch
READ MORE: Todd Stone campaign forfeits 1,349 B.C. Liberal memberships
READ MORE: Pro-life group releases rank list of BC Liberal leadership candidates
Sam Sullivan, a former Vancouver mayor, was appointed to cabinet in the dying days of Clark's government last summer.
The field also includes Michael Lee, a Vancouver lawyer who was elected to the legislature last spring, and Dianne Watts, a former Conservative MP and one-time mayor of Surrey.
The B.C. Liberal Party is not affiliated with the federal Liberals. It describes itself as “a made-in-B.C. free enterprise coalition” that includes members of the federal Conservative and Liberal parties.
READ MORE: Dianne Watts, most B.C. Liberals would keep taxpayers' money
B.C. VIEWS: B.C. Liberal battle getting bitter
READ MORE: B.C. Liberal leadership candidates debate different paths for party
Getting the party back to power after a lacklustre election campaign last May has been a focus of the leadership campaign.
There has been finger-pointing in debates over who was to blame for the Liberal downfall, despite B.C. boasting the strongest economy in Canada.
Some candidates criticized the party's old guard for failing to address transportation, housing and social policy issues that led to losses in seat-rich Metro Vancouver, once a Liberal stronghold.
De Jong, the former finance minister, set themselves apart from the field, defending the Liberal record as they took heat for their tight-fisted control of the province's purse strings that meant programs aimed at easing financial pressures for people never made it off the drawing board.
Stone, their former cabinet colleague, acknowledged the Liberals were strong economic managers as they argued the party could have done a better job of sharing the wealth, including raising welfare rates.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
"The law is so simple that we can use it to calibrate cluster mass-observable relations, which are a key ingredient for studying the cosmological laws of the Universe. Our research draws us closer to explaining the evolutionary history of clusters and the Universe," said Yutaka Fujita at Osaka University.
An international collaboration between Fujita and researchers from Taiwan, Italy, Japan, and the United States found a new fundamental law that stipulates the evolution of galaxy clusters. They recently reported the study in The Astrophysical Journal. Analysis of gravitational lensing data by an international research team reveals that the evolution of galaxy clusters is dictated by a surprisingly simple law, which clearly shows that they are still growing.
Using data from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory, Hubble Space Telescope, and the Keck Observatory in Hawaii for the image above, astronomers were able to determine the three-dimensional geometry and motion in the system MACS J0717.5+3745 (or MACS J0717, for short), located about 5.4 billion light-years from Earth.
Galaxy clusters are the largest celestial body in the Universe. However, it has been difficult to measure their size and mass accurately because they mainly consist of dark matter that we cannot observe directly. One way to observe the dark matter indirectly is to use the gravitational lensing effect based on Einstein's theory of relativity. Light rays from a galaxy behind a cluster are pulled by the gravity of the cluster as they pass through it, and their paths are bent.
This is exactly the same effect as a lens, focusing the light of the distant galaxy and distorting its shape. If we can measure the distortion of the shape for many background galaxies, we can reveal the gravitational field of the cluster, and as a result, we can accurately measure its size and mass.
"One difficulty in our research," explains Keiichi Umetsu at Academia Sinica in Taiwan, "was that accurate measurements of the distortion were necessary." To overcome this problem, the research team has used precise observational data from NASA's Hubble Space Telescope and the Subaru Telescope operated by the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan.
Combining with gas temperature data from the Chandra X-ray satellite, the research group statistically examined those latest data and found that they conform to a simple law represented only by the size, mass, and gas temperature of clusters. Moreover, by making full use of computer simulations, they showed that clusters have grown over 4 to 8 billion years according to the law. Theoretically, the law means that those gigantic clusters are still in adolescence, growing by drawing a large amount of surrounding substances with their strong gravity.
"We've discovered the law that regulates the growth of clusters of galaxies," Fujita says. "Clusters have an internal structure uniquely created in an early growth spurt."
The Daily Galaxy via Osaka University http://resou.osaka-u.ac.jp/en/top
Most Popular Space & Science Headlines
Stephen Hawking's Great Question --"Why Isn't the Milky Way Crawling With Mechanical or Biological Life?"
"Alien Minds" --'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There, and It's Billions of Years Old' (VIDEO)
"Point of No Return" --MIT Scientist Predicts the Event Horizon for Earth's 6th Mass Extinction
A Neutron Star Collision in Our Milky Way Neighborhood Could Destroy Earth
"300-Million Nuclear Bombs" --New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Stephen Hawking: Wake Up, Science Deniers! --"Earth is Morphing into Venus" (WATCH Today's 'Galaxy' Stream)
"Evolutionary Leap?" AI is Mimicing the Human Brain --"But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power --"Could Rip Space Asunder, Breaking the Vacuum"
"Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct. They Didn't"
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Conservative MP Anna Soubry tweeted a picture from inside the Commons chamber on Tuesday (June 13), one question stood out. What was Huntingdon MP Jonathan Djanogly was looking at on their phone?
The snap was taken as MPs prepared to re-elect John Bercow as speaker. Many people were distracted by a view of Mr Djanogly's phone, which appeared to show some women with plenty of flesh on show.
Almost as soon as Ms Soubry posted the picture, their Twitter replies caught fire, with followers asking what on earth they could be looking at.
And one impressive internet sleuth seems to have the answer.
It appears to be a picture of a group of showgirls playing chess in their dressing room in New York in 1958.
The MP in the picture has since been identified as fellow Tory MP Jonathan Djanogly.
Speaking to the Mirror, they said: "As regards the Anna Soubry photo: I was looking at my Twitterfeed whilst sitting in the Chamber but not during proceedings of the House."
The Commons returned on Tuesday for the first time since the election.
Jeremy Corbyn was greeted by their newly bolstered Parliamentary Labour Party with rapturous applause.
And Theresa May welcomed John Bercow's unanimous re-election as speaker by joking: "Well, at least someone got a landslide."
At first other bespectacled male MPs were misidentified as the phone-watcher.
One, new MP Alex Burghart, confirmed: "As the Twitter has now mercifully established it was not me."
And Jonathan Lord's office confirmed it "certainly isn't him".
2018 marks the year we wave goodbye to a number of retail and restaurant brands, with the likes of Toys R Us, Maplin and Carpetright being just a few of the biggest names who are closing down.
High street retail giants Debenhams and House of Fraser recently announced plans to close a number of their department stores resulting in hundreds of job losses, while eateries Prezzo and Jamie's Italian are also shutting some of their branches.
British Home Stores was founded in 1928 and managed an impressive 88 years of trading
With online shopping and services such as Deliveroo and Just Eat providing consumers with a more convenient alternative to trawling the city centre streets, it's likely these won't be the last closures of 2018.
Here are a few other big brands we've bid farewell to over the years.
Allders
It was once one of the biggest retail chains in the UK but after running into financial difficulties, the company went into administration in 2005 with all but one of its 45 stores forced into closure.
Allders department store closed down in 2005, after the company went into administration
The Croydon store continued trading until 2012 after it was purchased by Harold Tillman, owner of the fashion chain Jaegar, but it was later closed for good on 17 January 2013.
Woolworths
Famed for its pick 'n' mix sweets, school clothing and stationary offering, Woolworths may have been a popular stop on the high street but it was forced into administration in 2008, after struggling with £385 million of debt.
Its 800 stores were closed down and more than 27,000 people lost their jobs.
Renting videos, DVD and games is now a thing of the past, thanks to the rise of online streaming
Blockbuster
It may now be considered old school, but heading out to rent a DVD on an evening was the thing to do before online streaming came about.
It was once the place go for entertainment, but it met its demise in 2013 and its 528 stores are no more.
Lewis's
The British sports retailer met it end in 2012 after its share collapsed to 1.2 million
Opened in Liverpool 1856, Lewis's was a much loved department store and its flagship home store served as the location of the world's first Christmas grotto in 1879, entitled 'Christmas Fairyland'.
The company went into administration several times over the years, but it saw its final day on 29 May 2010 having been hit by the recession and been unable to compete with rival brands.
BHS
It managed an impressive 88 years of trading, but the clothing and houseware stores presence on the high street came to an end in 2016 having failed to meet competition posed by other brands.
However, a website is still up and running and offers plenty of bargain prices.
JJB Sports
The sports retailer was the place to go for all of the latest active wear and sport equipment, but it met its end in 2012 having dropped from being worth £500 million in 2010 to a mere £1.2 million just two years later.
Rival retailer, Sports Direct, bought the brand name, website and twenty stores in October 2012 for a cost of £28.3 million, saving around 550 jobs.
Comet
The electrical retailer saw its final day on 18 December 2012 after a long 79 years of trading.
Its 236 stores were closed and its bitter end cost the government around £49 million in redundancy payments.
Zavvi
It once boasted more than 100 stores around the UK, but the entertainment retailer - originally Virgin Megastore - vanished from the high street in 2009, although its website is still up and running today.
Borders
Having suffered from competition posed by online retailers and cut-price supermarkets, Borders bookshop met its last chapter in 20009, with financial difficulties leading to the closure of its 45 UK stores.
The Texanist: Should I Get Rid of That Possum Carcass Myself, or No?
A San Antonio woman smells trouble.
Q: What is the proper course of action for a young Texan of questionable self-reliance when a possum decides to crawl under their house, depart the earthly realm, and begin stinking to high heaven? Do you recommend the DIY method or calling in the professionals? The favor of a timely response would be greatly appreciated.
Nan Gardner, San Antonio
A: Texas is not short on scrabbling critters. In addition to plentiful possums, there are also raccoons, rabbits, badgers, armadillos, skunks, squirrels, beavers, and porcupines, among many, many others. But it's always the possums, and sometimes the raccoons, and occasionally the skunks, that seem to choose crawl spaces beneath the homes of undeserving Texans in which to expire.
No matter the specific creature, once this happens and the decomposition process ensues, it doesn't take long for it to become pungently evident that there is a real problem at hand. At first, there is just a slight whiff of trouble. A hint. A homeowner might arrive from a hard day's work, open the front door, and then, on the way to the fridge for the customary end-of-the-workday libation, pass through a faint odor that was not there when they left the house that morning. It's dismissed as the stink of a full trashcan or, perhaps, flatulence from old Spot. But then, while the coffee is brewing the next morning, it hits you again. “Where is that smell coming from” you ask yourself? “Oh, well,” you say on the way out the door.
Very soon, though, within a day or so of that first trace of stench, the smell becomes unmistakable. When death comes a knocking, it does so with a fairly rapid crescendo. Tap-tap. Knock-knock-knock. Pound. Pound. Pound. Pound. Bam! Once the unsettling realization is made that something in your very immediate vicinity has croaked, and that the godawful smell shows no signs of dissipation, the harried race to find the source is on. Cluttered closets are checked. So are crowded cabinets, seldom used guest bedrooms, and the attic. Everywhere. “Could it be under the house,” you wonder? And then, as you approach the access point, it hits you like a carcass-filled dump truck. Sound familiar?
You should count yourself lucky at having discovered the offending source. This is not always the case. Sometimes, those little boogers wedge themselves into a far, unreachable corner, never to be found, leaving the living residents of the dwelling to wait out the malodorous process of decomposition in disgusted gloom.
The Texanist knows all of this from personal experience and harbors vivid memories of unfortunate incidences similar to the one that you are currently contemplating. In fact, they recently had the real non-pleasure of suiting up in a bespoke hazmat suit of their own making (long-sleeve t-shirt, overalls, old sweatshirt, bandana do-rag, gimme cap, headlamp, respirator, work gloves, and a good coating of insect repellent), squeezing through a tiny hatch in the floor of their daughter's closet with two heavy-duty trash bags and small garden rake in hand, and coming face-to-face with a bloated, oozing, maggoty … well, the Texanist will spare you the grimy details.
After a drenching sweat, a torrent of foul language, and some gagging, the mission was eventually accomplished. But a severe case of PTSD was risked in getting it done. And, too, it almost took a fire department-assisted extraction to get back through that little trapdoor.
It is with that and other such experiences in their quiver of knowledge that the Texanist can tell you, without the least bit of hesitation, that a person who is equipped with a wavering intestinal fortitude and even a modicum of intolerance of nauseating situations, is not the person to take on the job of putrid possum carcass removal. If you have the resources, there is absolutely nothing wrong with calling in the professionals. Waste no more time.
You didn't hear it from the Texanist, but there are moments in this life when self-sufficiency is wildly overrated. Good luck.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE The Wilmington City Council passed legislation Thursday night giving the public more transparency when it comes to discretionary spending. Jerry Habraken / The News Journal
Buy Photo The Wilmington City Council Finance & Economic Development Committee discuss changes to the discretionary funds process Monday night in the city council committee room. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal)Buy Photo
Discretionary spending by Wilmington officials will be met with more scrutiny and public oversight from now on, according to legislation passed by City Council on Thursday.
City legislators unanimously approved measures that offer officials and the public the opportunity to question grants $5,000 or above before they are awarded.
"I'm excited about the enhancements we've been able to put together," said Council President Hanifa Shabazz, who co-sponsored the legislation, at a meeting this week. "I think this is going to address all the questions that might possibly be there."
Buy Photo Wilmington City Council President Hanifa Shabazz leads the council through the legislation to be voted on during the regular meeting of the city council Thursday night. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal)
The legislation was proposed after reports by The News Journal pointed to a lack of oversight and transparency in council's discretionary fund, a pot of about $450,000 used mostly as grants to nonprofits.
Over four years, former City Council President Theo Gregory gave nearly $600,000 of council discretionary money to a nonprofit they founded, unbeknownst to some of their colleagues and the public. Shabazz granted $40,000 to a nonprofit run by Gregory during their first month in office, and up to half of it went to them personally, records show.
Citizens demanded a state audit, which is now underway, and more transparency.
The new law requires all city grants of $5,000 or more -- from City Council, the mayor's office, and the city treasurer -- to be approved by a vote of City Council. A list of all smaller grants will be directed to the council finance committee on at least a quarterly basis, the law states.
Buy Photo Wilmington councilman Bob Williams reads the proposed legislation that would tighten up oversight in discretionary spending by Wilmington officials Thursday night. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal)
"This is to account for every dollar that is spent," said Councilman Bob Williams, who was the first to propose the legislation.
City Council is also pursuing other internal changes.
Members are now able to see each other's spending choices on a cloud drive, council staff said in an announcement of internal changes, to prevent them from unknowingly considering the same grant requests as their colleagues.
A policy and procedures manual will address "the mission statement for the fund program, clear restrictions on the use of funds, and provisions related to conflicts of interest and fiscal conduits," council staff said.
BACKGROUND: Little oversight for Wilmington City Council discretionary fund
FURTHER COVERAGE: Wilmington council president requests state audit of discretionary fund
The body also established a grant application period for grants over $5,000 from Nov. 1 to Jan. 1 for the following fiscal year.
"Applications can then be reviewed and evaluated against one another," council staff said, and those grants will be included as line items in the City Council budget for the following fiscal year.
Shabazz is also forming a staff review panel to vet and "review grant applications and provide suggestions for funding," staff said.
At the end of each fiscal year, the council will publish an annual report highlighting the "benefits and accomplishments" of grant-supported programs and causes, staff said.
Council staff, in their announcement of internal changes, repeated that council discretionary spending would be guided by the group's strategic plan, a document members have been working on since February but has yet to be released.
The council, the mayor's office and the treasurer have all committed to putting their spending online. The legislation passed on Thursday does not require them to do this.
The offices of the mayor and the treasurer have published spending data on the city website, viewable here and here.
Council launched a new website last month, wilmingtoncitycouncil.com, but discretionary spending has not been posted. Council Communications Director Antoine Oakley did not respond to questions about when it would be published.
All members at the meeting on Thursday approved the legislation. Councilmen Trippi Congo and Nnamdi Chukwuocha were not present.
Contact Christina Jedra at cjedra@delawareonline.com, (302) 324-2837 or on Twitter @ChristinaJedra.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/2017/10/06/wilmington-council-approves-safeguards-discretionary-spending/718872001/
When summer evenings begin to cool, SHUKR have the solution to keeping stylish in the form of their new jilbab range which is taking the summer by storm!
Shukr Islamic Clothing, a company established to provide Muslims with modest yet stylish wardrobe solutions, has recently released a new line of jilbabs for the warmer weather. Registered in the US and the UK with current headquarters in Jordan, SHUKR sells modest clothing that includes long dresses and skirts, abayas, hijabs, wide legged pants, modest tops for men and women, and popular Islamic hats.
A centric item to any summer wardrobe is a jilbab, and SHUKR offers a wide range of this warm weather staple. The new collection will speak to Muslim women around the world as it displays the beauty of Islam in the summer season.
“SHUKR knows the difficulty of finding modest everyday clothing,” says Anas Sillwood, Managing Partner at SHUKR Islamic Clothing. “We know it can often be difficult for Muslim Women in the west to find a balance between feeling comfortable and dressing modesty.”
SHUKR jilbabs are unique as they offer a hybrid between traditional Islamic wear and modern western styles, and they remain a favorite among women as they provide modest solutions for those wishing to keep covered while keeping cool. With lightweight, breathable fabrics and exceptional high quality, SHUKR jilbabs once again prove that modesty and beauty can go hand in hand.
SHUKR is the leading Islamic clothing company dedicated to putting faith into fashion. Launched in 2001, SHUKR Islamic Clothing was the first company to provide contemporary, modest clothing that meets the needs of Muslims and non-Muslims living in the West. SHUKR is proud to be able to serve people of all religions who find that their faith encourages them to dress modestly, without having to sacrifice style and beauty.
SHUKR Islamic Clothing's collections can be viewed online at www.ShukrClothing.com
Anas Sillwood, Managing Partner
SHUKR Islamic Clothing
Web: www.ShukrClothing.com
Email: press@ShukrClothing.com
Main page Enter RUS
Timber News About Magazine Archive Ad Rates Exhibitions Contacts
Go
LesPromFORUM Exhibition Newspaper
Conferences and seminars
Russian Forestry Review
Timber News Ligna 2017, a new opportunity to meet!
| Print version
The ritual of Ligna, the most important fair for the world of woodworking technology, at which Salvador has always participated, will be held this year as well.
"We will be at Ligna to reiterate our choices, to showcase our machines and to meet customers and partners from around the world. We'll be there with the usual spirit and the desire to do business the way we like it, by sharing our passion and conviction that behind all and first of all there are the people and the desire to work together in order to always achieve better results!" With these words, Christian Salvador has commented the Italian company's participation in the great international event in Hannover - hall 27, stand K31 - from May 22 to 26, 2017.
THE MACHINES
As in the past, the choice for this edition is to showcase to customers and partners the most recent versions and the latest models of the Salvador range, starting with the "Superangle 600 ALL IN-1", the most recent solution designed and manufactured by the San Vendemiano-based company, which has already received numerous awards and recognition for the potential that it expresses in the world of upholstery.
This machine - which is made powerful and flexible by the "Salvawood" software - turned out to be perfect not only for the multi-angle optimized cutting of wooden elements, but also for a variety of drilling operations that amplify its potential. It is a journey still at its beginnings, as the drilling groups designed and built for the "Superangle 600 ALL IN-!" will allow similar results in other sectors as well.
In the embodiment presented at the Ligna in Hannover, the drilling group, positioned before the blade, pierces the workpieces with diameters between 6 and 16 mm for the insertion of the hardware or of the accessories necessary for the construction of sofas of increasingly complex and articulated forms and functions.
This "Superangle" controls four axes and also offers the possibility to work two or more boards at the same time.
Equipped with a separate and independent cell chain loader, as well as with a relative buffer unloader, the new version of the "Superangle" can also work without supervision, thus significantly increasing production. The grouping of three different operations (angled and optimized cutting, drilling, moving), which, until now, were performed by three different machines, will allow, in addition to substantial savings on labor costs, the significant improvement of the level of automation, the rationalization of logistics and the computerization of operations that couldn't be managed at a flow level before.
The "Supercut 500" will be exposed at Hannover in its "Super fast" version, with a redesigned cutting system that allows it to be even faster (each cut requires only a few hundredths of a second), a result made even more obvious by the possibility to hava a chain loader capable of managing the "buffer" of the loaded boards. An ideal machine for companies that need to cut numerous pieces as quickly as possible, while safeguarding the safety of the operators.
The Salvador stand will also host some of the best known machines of its catalog, including the "Superpush 200", a very flexible pusher optimizing saw, also available in the "Window" version, which - with specific accessories and prints on labels or on wood - is proving its effectiveness in the window and door frames industry. This machine is also continually updated due to the improvement of certain aggregates and of the Salvador software, which makes it even more powerful and versatile, as well as extremely simple to program.
Another element that completes Salvador's presence at Ligna is the "Superpush 250", which has also been designed to be highly productive and reliable, as it is accompanied by loading, discharge and printing systems for the recognition of the pieces that characterize the "Superangle 600 ALL IN-1".
A PRECISE STRATEGY
An extensive presentation that outlines the many machines that is currently available in the Salvador catalog; these are solutions that have made Salvador one of the leading brands worldwide in this specific sector. A success confirmed by the success of recent years: "We are reaping what we have sown by capitalizing on the commitment and the desire to offer our customers what they really need, and by building the machines and technologies that are the sum of all that is required from us on a daily basis, specific and real needs", adds Christian Salvador.
"I like to repeat that we want to have a large head and a small body: we strive to think, to have the vision of a large multinational corporation, knowing, however, that we are a small enterprise, being aware of our limits, but also of our potential and objectives that we want to pursue, the result of the precious culture of small companies that recognize how much of their value comes from the people, the persons ...".
And the figures speak for themselves: in recent years, the turnover has doubled, with double-digit growth even in the years of crisis: "I must admit that it was easier to stand out in a distressed system, because it forced us to highlight our virtues! I believe we've been rewarded by the privilege of a good overview, due to which we have defined our mission and learned to say no to requests that brought us back to handicrafts, the extreme niche.
Now, more than ever, it is necessary to join planning with ingenuity, to structure your work in the direction of maximum product engineering, to be a small and medium enterprise that is able to move on a commercial, planned and productive scale, with an energy and vision as broad as possible.
We have maintained this direction, and we added an "emotional" component, if we can define it as such, which has always characterized the relationship with our customers, turning it into something personal, because there are people behind everything - of this we are firmly convinced and we never lose the opportunity to reiterate it.
ENTRY LEVEL SOLUTIONS
Ligna 2017 will also be a great opportunity to remind the market that for little more than a year it was created a new production unit in Poland for the production of "entry level" machines, a part of the range that in recent times has experienced an increasing demand in many markets of the world and in various industrial sectors.
The "Salvador Easy" brand marks an industrial project for the "intelligent production" of machines that can claim the necessary level of quality and reliability, but can also demonstrate all their competitiveness, also due to a "first purchase" price. Furthermore, there are an increasing number of small and medium sized companies that approach the issues of optimization and automated cutting, having understood how this simple step can actually offer an often unimaginable contribution to the productivity of a cycle or department.
The goal - as repeatedly stated by Salvador - is to create a sort of "literacy learning process" in this technology, in order to convince craftsmen and small-medium sized customers that the fast and safe cutting of wood will prove to be a winning investment.
ARCHIVE: Timber News Magazine News
© REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
MIDDLE EAST RIFTS
LACK OF CONFIDENCE AMID MOUNTING TRUMP UNCERTAINTIES
WASHINGTON-BRUSSELS-MOSCOW DRAMAS TO CONTINUE
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday wrapped up a five-day three-nation Europe visit which, experts said, was unlikely to heal the expanding trans-Atlantic rifts on the relevant regional and global issues. The absence of any summary of the tour, which took them toand which is the 7th of its kind since Tillerson took office in February, also indicated the fruitlessness of the visit, said experts.After Trump made the highly controversial announcement on Wednesday in which they recognize Jerusalem as the Israel i capital and orders the U.S. embassy in Israel to move from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem,by Trump's retweeting of anti-Muslim posts, as, and Trump later snapped by suggesting May to focus on their country's own security.Brussels, already upset about Trump's explicit support of Brexit, has made the bilateral rifts public in the face of Tillerson.In a joint statement to the media with their U.S. counterpart, the European Union (EU) High Foreign Policy Chief Federica Mogherini noted that the bloc believes anyby saying that the continued implementation of the Iran nuclear deal is a key strategic priority for European security but also for regional and global security."Now dismantling an agreement on nuclear issues that is working ... would not put us in a better position to discuss all the rest on the country," they said, referring to Trump's October decertification of the landmark deal that helps ease the nuclear tension in the Middle East and beyond.The divergence on values was evident, as Mogherini said Brussels "is and remains a strong and reliable supporter of multilateralism, U.N. system, and a rules-based global order," with barely no mentioning of the U.S. concerns on Ukraine and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.Darrell West of Brookings Institution told Xinhua thatas Trump's abrupt moves and rhetoric made it difficult to "get touch on Russia ," which Brussels took as one of its most imminent threats. "Trump has made the relationship worse with their embrace of ultra-nationalism and rude behavior towards U.S. allies. If that continues, it will cause the U.S. and EU to drift further apart," they added.said Dan Mahaffee, vice president and director of policy at the U.S. Center for the Study of Congress and the Presidency."Many look to comments from other administration officials to confirm the U.S. commitment to NATO and willingness to confront Russia ... The perception of disunity and the focus of both the U.S. and EU on internal politics are not the best signal to be sending on a tumultuous global stage," they said.Analysts said that under the multiple trans-Atlantic rifts on the Middle East peace process, the Paris climate accord, and the Iran nuclear deal, was lyingIn a Nov. 28 speech that outlined Trump administration's recent Europe policy, Tillerson, on the one hand, said the Article 5 of the NATO treaty "is the best mechanism" the Washington and Brussels have "to deter aggression" of Moscow, and on the other, urged European nations to increase their defense spending that accounts for two percent of their GDP Washington's underlining of NATO, according to Cui Hongjian, director of European Studies at the China Institute of International Studies, lies in the wish to reinforce the U.S. role in protecting Europe and rein in the European military buildup under the U.S.-led NATO mechanism.However, Tillerson's calculations are highly likely doomed asdeeply concerned about the leverage of the U.S. domestic issues on its foreign policy, the lacking of shared values between the two sides of the Atlantic and Tillerson's possible stepdown in the near future, said experts.They are troubled by Trump's 'America first' rhetoric and inconsistent statements on NATO and the European Union," the Reuters noted.Russia-phobia has featured Tillerson's seventh Europe trip, as they warned all European nations of Moscow's "intrusion" in NATO foreign ministerial meeting and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) plenaries.Tillerson said, accusing "Russia and its proxies" of "harassment, intimidation, and its attacks on the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission.""Trump does not talk with President Putin as often as with other world leaders, and I think, again, that's simply a reflection of the strained relationship that exists between the United States and Russia," they noted."We join our European partners in maintaining sanctions until Russia withdraws its forces from the Donbass and meets its Minsk commitments," Tillerson added. They further noted that to regularize or renormalize the West's relationship with Russia cannot be undertaken "until Russia begins to address those actions which we find not just unacceptable but intolerable."Analysts said Tillerson's underlining of the Ukraine issues aims to elaborate the U.S. engagement in the EU's security maintenance, for which it was accused of not having taken enough resources to respond. As for the U.S.-Russia relations under the Trump administration, Brussels' attitude has long been featured by ambivalence.For fear of being betrayed by Trump, it does not expect Washington-Moscow rapprochement to come too soon with the Ukraine issues remaining unsolved. Meanwhile,said experts.It would be unrealistic to anticipate dramatic improvement of trans-Atlantic relations under the current circumstance, andexperts argued.However, EU's Federica Mogherini said on the day when Tillerson left Europe that Trump's decision on Jerusalem would be a "gift" to extremists and to those not interested in peace, in a gesture that was widely taken as a slap in the face of Tillerson and the Trump administration at large.Trump's decision "has a very worrying potential impact in this very fragile context," they said. "Now what the worst possible development could be that a bad situation turns into a worse one and that tensions inflame the region even further."
Cabbagetown's Rock*A*Teens, influential garage rockers from the '90s, early-aughts, were featured on NPR today ahead of the release of the band's first album in 18 years,(out June 29, Merge Records). Charleston drummer T Ballard Lesemann, formermusic editor, began performing with the band in 1998, and will hit the road with the the Teens this week opening up for Superchunk.All Songs Considered's Lars Gotrich said of the band's emergence in the eccentric and cheap 'hood of Cabbagetown (just outside of Atlanta): "Borne of this desperate and creative scene, the Rock*A*Teens' not-quite-rock haze was thick and mysterious, like a pair of cigarette-smoke-caked velvet lounge drapes smothering the stage, drenched in reverb."Rock*A*Teens also just released its first new single in nearly two decades: "Go Tell Everybody," a banger of a tune that is, according to NPR, about Jesus' disciple, Bartholomew.The band reunited in 2014 to celebrate the Merge's 25th anniversary as well as the vinyl reissue of 2000's Sweet Bird of Youth.Rock*A*Teens are set to open up for fellow Merge Records artists Superchunk this Thursday in Atlanta, Friday in Carrboro, and Saturday in Asheville.
Officials in Texas say four children have died from gas poisoning believed to have been caused by a pesticide sprayed under their Amarillo home.Amarillo Fire Department officials say other people who were in the home are "not out of the woods" yet.Fire officials say a chemical reaction occurred when one person tried to wash off a pesticide that had been sprayed under the house. Poisonous Phosphine gas was released.Capt. Larry Davis said in a statement Monday that crews responded to a medical call at the home about 5 a.m. One child died at the scene and three others died at a hospital. Officials didn't release any identifying information, including the children's ages.Other family members and first responders are being treated.
© Damir Sagolj / Reuters
Three hundred UK troops and millions of pounds in foreign aid will be poured into South Sudan as famine grips the world's newest country.Operating as part of a UN mission, defense chiefs say the troops will help to stem the flow of migrants and provide humanitarian support.They will operate from two military bases to fulfill their east African mission."Our part in this mission is contributing to the UN objective of solving the source of the problem." Lieutenant Colonel Jason Ainley, Royal Engineers, told the Daily Mail."The UK will play a significant role in the coming months. We have been preparing for this for six to eight months and to be finally here it fills you with pride."Defense Minister Mike Penning told the paper that, "This mission, along with others in the region, aims to end destabilizing conflict that is prompting migration and shows how Britain works globally to promote security."Estimates suggest that over 2 million people have been displaced with thousands fleeing to neighboring countries every day.As part of the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS), British troops will be building infrastructure from their bases in Malakal and Bentiu in the north of the country.The newly-deployed troops will focus on building a temporary field hospital, later to become a permanent facility, at Bentiu.South Sudan has been riven with internal conflicts between government and opposition fighters since it separated from Sudan in 2011.The UK government plans to combine the military deployment with an increase in humanitarian aid."UK Aid is providing a lifeline for those fleeing unimaginable horrors but without concrete steps to end the violence by those in power more people will die long, slow painful deaths from the brutal famine," Development Minister Priti Patel told the Mail.
Baby taken to HOSPITAL after being fed contaminated milk
Man fighting for life after accident in Sutton Va
Second girl dies after Oldham 'hit and run'
Woman casually uses mobile phone with BABY on pas
A baby falling out of a pram ruins this mans prop
Man uses baby in pram to stop closing train doors
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A horrified mum has claimed the contents of a tub of baby milk made their new-born daughter ill.
Rebecca Oliver said their baby Bella-Mai Doran was constipated after being fed from a tin of SMA Pro First Infant milk powder.
They said the infant, just five weeks old at the time, needed hospital treatment.
(Photo: Sunday Sun)
But makers Nestle say there was nothing wrong with the product when it left their factory.
Rebecca, of Stanley, County Durham, told the Newcastle Chronicle: “My daughter was five weeks old when I bought a tub of SMA baby powder milk and I made a couple of bottles out of it.
“Then I realised it started getting thick and lumpy so I got a fork and dug into it and it was black hard at the bottom of the bottle.
“My daughter was in hospital because they were unwell.
“She was badly constipated and really unsettled and also off their bottles.
(Photo: Sunday Sun)
“I felt awful because I couldn't take the pain away from them as they were only five weeks old.
“She was in overnight. It was a frightening time and even now I am panicking.
“The doctors said they would be fine but I am still very wary.”
Rebecca complained to Asda in Stanley, where they bought the milk from, and Nestle.
Bella-Mai, now six months, made a full recovery but was ill for about three days afterwards including the stay in hospital and time spent recovering at home.
Rebecca shared their story on social media and said it went viral with over 34,000 views and hundreds of shares.
(Photo: Sunday Sun)
They said: “Nestle are denying that it's their responsibility.
“I was mortified and now I'm really down and depressed because every milk tub I buy now I have to check the full tub.
“I moved them straight onto a different milk but the worry and panic is still there.”
Rebecca has consulted a solicitor.
A spokesperson for Nestle said: “We take any concerns about the quality and safety of our products very seriously, and we were naturally concerned to hear about Ms Oliver's issue.
“We have conducted a full investigation on the contents of the tin.
“This investigation was able to confirm that it would be impossible for any large lumps of burnt powder to pass through the sieves used in the manufacturing process.
“In addition, there are no heated surfaces at our factory nor would any tin in this condition pass our strict product inspections.
(Photo: Sunday Sun)
“After thoroughly examining the tin and its contents, our investigation concluded that the damage took place once the can had left our factory.
“From the appearance of both the outside of the bottom of the tin and the powder within it, it is most likely that the tin was placed on a hot surface such as a hotplate or hob for an extended period of time.
“We would like to reassure all parents using our products that safety is our absolute priority.
"If anyone has any questions or concerns, please call our careline team on 0800 0 81 81 80.”
New Delhi: The government on Friday asserted that the telecom sector's prospects remain "robust" in the medium and long term due to a vibrant market and termed the current stress in the industry as a "temporary phenomenon".
Speaking at the India Economic Summit here, Telecom Secretary Aruna Sundararajan said the government is fully cognisant of its role to provide an enabling environment and level playing field, but the market developments would require businesses to take their own decisions.
"As long as we respect the market, and rules of the market, and the government respects where we need to lay down the rules of the game, I think we have enough space for everyone to grow," they said.
The telecom sector has been under severe financial strain and the difficulties of operators compounded by the unrestrained tariff war. The sector has a cumulative debt of over Rs 4.6 lakh crore.
An inter-ministerial group (IMG) was constituted earlier this year to recommend measures to mitigate the financial woes and its report was placed before the Telecom Commission.
The Telecom Commission -- the apex decision-making body at the telecom department -- last week approved IMG's recommendation on giving more time (16 years) to telecom companies to pay for the spectrum they bought in auctions, as against 10 years which is the current norm.
The Commission also approved IMG's suggestion of lowering interest rate charged over penalties imposed on service providers.
"Government is very aware that we need to provide an enabling environment and level playing field. Beyond that what happens in the market, that is a call for the market players to take," Sundararajan said.
To a specific query on the distress in the telecom sector Sundararajan said, the current situation is "firmly a temporary phenomenon".
They cited the data explosion in India, which is the second largest telecom market in the world with over a billion subscribers, and said that the market had not even scratched the surface in terms of its full data potential.
"We still have to do 80 percent more...We have not even begun to scratch the surface of data...Data explosion has just begun. So, I think there is a lot more to be done," they added.
India is a "vibrant and robust market" and its medium and long term prospects remain very robust, they added.
INDIO, Calif. – A 36-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of stealing more than 100 cellphones during the Coachella Art and Music Festival, officials said Monday.
Authorities said that several concertgoers noticed their phones were missing and activated their “Find my iPhone” feature, according to the Indio Police Department.
Some victims were able to find and follow the suspect, identified as Reinaldo De Jesus Henao. They were eventually detained by security and arrested by Indio Police officials.
Henao, of New York, allegedly had more than 100 cellphones in their backpack. Several phones were returned to their owners and the remaining ones were turned into lost and found, officials said.
Henao faces grand theft and possession of stolen property charges.
Indio Police advise concertgoers to place their wallets or phones in their front pocket and to use an elastic band around their items to prevent them from sliding out.
Officials also advise those enjoying the festival to consider taking a “dummy wallet” to confuse potential thieves, and to spread valuables instead of keeping them in one place.
Low "mental energy" may affect walking patterns in older adults more than physical fatigue. New research about the relationship between walking ability and self-reported mood will be presented today at the American Physiological Society (APS) annual meeting at Experimental Biology 2018 in San Diego.
Researchers from Clarkson University in New York observed a group of older adults (average age 75) while they performed physically and mentally tiring tasks. The volunteers performed the physical task--a timed walking test at normal speed for six minutes--before and after the cognitive components. LED sensors embedded in the five-meter walking track captured gait speed and stride length. The cognitive portion of the test consisted of some math subtraction activities and visually identifying specific numbers and sequences on a computer screen. The volunteers reported their mood, motivation and energy levels after both the physical and cognitive tests. Vocabulary used to capture the participants' mood included "a list of mood components such as tense, worn out, energetic, confused [and] lively," explained Abigail Avolio, first author of the study.
The research team used a well-known correlation formula (Pearson correlation coefficient) to determine the relationship between self-reported mood and physical performance. There was no change in gait in relation to mental fatigue in the first 30 seconds of the follow-up walking test. However, walking speed and stride length later in the test period decreased significantly in people who reported more cognitive fatigue, but not in response to lagging physical energy levels.
More study is needed "to further evaluate why feelings of physical energy and fatigue are not related to gait," the researchers wrote.
Abigail Avolio, an undergraduate student at Clarkson University, will present "Impact of mood after cognitive fatigue on gait in older adults" on Tuesday, April 24, in the Exhibit Hall of the San Diego Convention Center.
###
NOTE TO JOURNALISTS: To schedule an interview with a member of the research team, please contact the APS Communications Office or 301-634-7209. Find more research highlights in the APS Press Room.
About Experimental Biology 2018
Experimental Biology is an annual meeting comprised of more than 14,000 scientists and exhibitors from five sponsoring societies and multiple guest societies. With a mission to share the newest scientific concepts and research findings shaping clinical advances, the meeting offers an unparalleled opportunity for exchange among scientists from across the United States and the world who represent dozens of scientific areas, from laboratory to translational to clinical research. http://www. experimentalbiology. org
About the American Physiological Society (APS)
New Delhi: Two days after South Africa was shown exit gate post their eight-wicket loss to defending champions India, skipper AB de Villiers came forth with an apology note for their fans, through a small video.
The right-handed batsman took to their Facebook page to post a video with caption, "We are truly and genuinely sorry about the way we performed in this year's Champions Trophy and we will keep working hard at our game to make it right!"
Remembering their match at Kennington Oval, AB said, "It's been 48 hours since that horrible defeat against India and looking back we just had a horrible time with the bat."
They felt that in both their last matches, it has been unfair on the part of their bowlers as the batsmen didn't give them much of an opportunity to defend their paltry total. The 33-year-old added, "We had two low scores against Pakistan and India, we never really gave our bowlers the opportunity to defend those totals, so it's very disappointing."
Here is the video...
What now lays ahead of the South African team is a three-match T20I series against England and despite all the speculations around their captaincy, AB de Villiers is eager to lead their side with an aim to probably mend things.
"For us, we've got a week here in London to train and do gym work and try to stick together as a team as much as we can after all the disappointment we had to face over the last few days. We're looking forward to the T20 series against England," they concluded.
NEW DELHI: Speculation had been running for days on whether Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma were about to get married. But it took Wikipedia just about minutes to update Anushka's marital status.
The will-they-won't-they drama over the Virat-Anushka wedding ended in a whopping splash. The cricketer-actor duo got married in a ceremony in Italy's picturesque Tuscany. The events had Indian news media in a flurry. But Wikipedia was on the ball, thanks to a timely edit from a user named 'Krish!'.
The bio on Sharma's page promptly showed 'Spouse(s) Virat Kohli (m. 2017)'.
The change was made around the same time on Kohli's page too. However, where other personalities usually have bio, Kohli's page proudly displays their enviably battling stats. So, the fact that they are now married was added almost like a footnote in their 'Personal Life' section.
The user who made the quick change on Sharma's page, Krish!, has received a number of badges from Wikipedia for their contributions, especially for the page of another Bollywood star, Priyanka Chopra. They have also received 'stars' for their contributions to the pages of a number of movies of Chopra.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An adventurous couple has told how swinging keeps their marriage alive and they love to look for dates on Tinder together.
Parents Holli and Michael Bell have an open relationship and allow each other to have sex with other people and swap partners with other couples.
They love to go to swingers parties together and they use dating apps to find new sexual partners, although they have established rules and boundaries for each other.
While their relationship habits may come as a shock to others Holli, a Playboy Radio host, says she's been empowered by their swinging lifestyle.
(Photo: News Dog Media)
(Photo: News Dog Media)
The 32-year-old, who has a 14-year-old son from a previous relationship, and 38-year-old Michael, who has a 12-year-old daughter, have been together for more than seven years.
They said: "Swinging has enhanced my life because it has allowed me to be myself and explore my own sexuality . Michael and I communicate everything without judgement and that's so liberating.
"Michael can tell me if they find another woman attractive and vice versa. Every couple thinks about these things but it's such a rare gift to be able to share that with your partner. It's very freeing."
(Photo: News Dog Media)
(Photo: News Dog Media)
Michael said: "Swinging has strengthened our bond - I do this with Holli because I love them
"Holli and I are emotionally monogamous with each other. We aren't looking to fall in love with anyone else but we're attracted to other people.
"We play with different couples or other single women. We have a great time on Tinder together too - learning more about each other and who we're attracted to. We've found so many new sexual partners on that app too.
"I love watching Holli's face when we're sharing experiences together. Seeing how happy it makes them is the most exciting part for me."
(Photo: News Dog Media)
(Photo: News Dog Media)
The Los Angeles couple's open marriage has had its detractors, however.
Michael said they were forced to resign from their job at a medical research company after one of the physicians learned about it.
They added: "It's a sad fact that many people understand infidelity but not open non-monogamy.
"Swinging is about honesty, not lying to your partner. We want to debunk some of the myths around our lifestyle."
Holli had a very conservative upbringing and was married to their ex-husband for ten years.
(Photo: News Dog Media)
(Photo: News Dog Media)
They had been divorced for a year when they met recently-separated Michael in September 2009 and the two instantly clicked.
Holli became even more intrigued when Michael confided in them about the swinging parties they attended.
Holli said: "He never told me I had to go with them but I was so intrigued by the lifestyle.
"I had always known I was bi-curious but when I told my ex-husband, they freaked out at the idea and I repressed those feelings.
"But Michael accepted me for who I was and at these swingers parties, it felt like were free to be yourself too. If you wanted to have sex, you could have sex. If you wanted to observe, you could watch or even be watched.
(Photo: News Dog Media)
"I asked Michael to take me to a party with them but they wanted to make sure I felt totally comfortable before we explored anything together."
After discussing it for three months, Holli felt ready to give a swingers party a try with Michael, who has been going to swingers parties since the age of 18.
They said: "It was months of talking and making sure we were on the same page before we went to our first party together.
"We discussed all our rules and boundaries as a couple beforehand."
After that initial experience, the couple started swinging more regularly and three years later, they were husband and wife.
(Photo: News Dog Media)
Holli said "At our first party together, all I did was kiss another girl in front of Michael because that was what we had discussed beforehand.
"After that first kiss, I felt excited but I wasn't ready to jump right in with the lifestyle.
"Michael and I took it slowly, initially experimenting with other women before gradually swapping partners with other couples.
"Our communication was so good and Michael and I talked about everything that we got to an amazing point where we were able to truly experiment with each other.
"Swinging has strengthened our marriage. I feel free to be me."
The pair have started a website, holliandmichael.com, where they coach other couples who want to experiment with swinging, and they're hosting a cruise for people who are curious about the lifestyle.
(Photo: News Dog Media)
Holli and Michael don't believe what they do in their private moments impacts their family any differently than what other couples do.
Michael said: "A non-swinging couple has sex with each other and there's no reason they should be discussing their sex life with their children. Same thing with us.
"If our kids found out about our lifestyle, then of course we would talk to them so they know the truth.
"Our hope is that our children learn from us open, honest communication, true love and that Holli and I are emotionally committed to each other."
Usain Bolt suggests they could be as good as Wayne
Teddy Sheringham and Steve McMahon rule out any p
Five Manchester United players who deserve to sta
Jose Mourinho says competing on four fronts could
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thibaut Courtois has stepped up their training ahead of Chelsea's FA Cup clash with Wolves on Saturday - as the above video shows.
The Belgian keeper, who stands at a whopping six foot five, was filmed working on their agility when they demonstrated just how high they can jump.
And let us be the first to tell you, it's pretty high.
The clip shows Courtois leaping from a standing position onto stacked boxes. Their landing is effortless and they quickly jump off the other side to complete their circuit training.
(Photo: thibautcourtois/Instagram)
(Photo: thibautcourtois/Instagram)
After running through some cones, the shot-stopper pauses and sprints to the right before facing forward once more and charging towards the end of the gym.
The video cuts out at this point, but it is very likely the 24-year-old goes back to the start to complete the circuit again after finishing.
Chelsea will visit the Molineux Stadium to take on Paul Lambert's Wolves side in the fifth round of the FA Cup this weekend.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Antonio Conte's men were held at Turf Moor last time out, and the Italian admitted they were frustrated to leave Burnley with a single point in the Premier League.
The Blues are without European football this season, and will therefore be expected to be even more competitive in the FA Cup as a result.
In the last round they battered west London rivals Brentford 4-0 at Stamford Bridge.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — The Netherlands' main intelligence service says it's treating Dutch children in conflict zones in Iraq and Syria as “jihadist travelers” since they may have received military training.
At least 80 Dutch children are in those areas, either having been born there or taken there by one or both parents, the General Intelligence and Security Service said Wednesday in a new report. It says fewer than 20 percent of the children are age 9 or older.
The report said because children in territory controlled by the Islamic State group “sometimes receive weapons and combat training from as young as nine,” intelligence officials consider them jihadi travelers.
Dutch authorities routinely detain people returning from Syria if they are suspected of extremist links, but have so far not detained any children.
An estimated 280 Dutch citizens have gone to Syria and Iraq to fight with Islamic militants and about 50 have returned home. The agency said it expects more to attempt to get back to the Netherlands as IS faces increasing an loss of territory in the region and living conditions deteriorate further in the group's self-proclaimed Caliphate.
In a grim warning likely to be echoed throughout Europe, the Dutch intelligence agency said returning jihadi fighters are likely to pose more of a threat than before, as they will likely have been in the combat zone for longer and are likely more battle-hardened, possibly traumatized and have developed networks of like-minded extremists.
“Children as well as adults may have participated in the fighting or in other acts of violence such as executions,” the report said. “It is possible that these experiences lower the threshold for using violence and can result in traumas.”
Pfc. Michael Farmer, a machine gunner assigned to Bravo Company, 1st Battalion, 3rd Marine Regiment, fires the M-240B machine gun during Integrated Training Exercise (ITX) 2-17 at Range 410A, aboard Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center, Twentynine Palms, California, Feb. 5, 2017. ITX is a combined-arms exercise which gives all elements of the Marine Air Ground Task Force an opportunity to utilize capabilities during large scale missions to become a more ready fighting force. 1/3 is currently participating as the ground combat element for this exercise. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron S. Patterson/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.05.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:50 Photo ID: 3166291 VIRIN: 170205-M-QH615-020 Resolution: 4771x3181 Size: 4.75 MB Location: MCAGCC, CA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 1st Battalion, 3rd Marines tear up Range 400 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Mar-a-Lago, President Trump's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach, Fla., is a casual place. And so, it seems, are any official records of those who visits them there.
There "is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago, as there is at the White House complex," Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing. They said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search, only to find "there is no grouping, listing, or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago."
That's hard to believe, said Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a group suing for the records.
Minus any records of presidential visitors, Bookbinder said, "it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability."
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $200,000.
Campbell said the latest search turned up a "few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents."
Government lawyers filed their statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information lawsuit, filed by CREW, the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's traveling party on their official visit in February.
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009, after CREW sued. Obama set exceptions for national security or a "necessarily confidential nature," like meeting with nominees.
Trump stopped the White House disclosures. Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act.
In the Mar-a-Lago case, Bookbinder said, "It appears they're saying they found stuff but these things are not covered by FOIA."
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days.
Alec Baldwin is teaming up with black-ish creator Kenya Barris for a family sitcom at ABC.
The new project revolves around an older TV star who is forced to move in with their liberal daughter, their girlfriend and their child, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Baldwin could potentially star in the series but hasn't yet committed as he's also developing a talkshow with the network. Baldwin and Barris both have overall development deals with ABC.
Add shows to your watchlist now
The sitcom has already received a full-series order from ABC and could potentially launch in next fall's lineup. Barris already has black-ish at ABC and grown-ish at its sister network, Freeform. Grown-ish writer Julie Bean will also serve as showrunner with Barris on the Baldwin sitcom. The news comes on the same morning that black-ish scored two Golden Globe nominations, one for best comedy series and a nod for Anthony Anderson in the Best Actor category.
The still untitled outing joins ABC's stacked collection of comedies which features Modern Family, Speechless, The Goldbergs, American Housewife and Fresh Off the Boat.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Middlesbrough welcome back defender Antonio Barragan for the visit of Leicester.
The Spaniard was suspended for the defeat at Manchester United but should reclaim their place from Bernardo.
Boro boss Aitor Karanka will consider making changes after 90 intense minutes at Old Trafford, with Gaston Ramirez likely to be restored and Viktor Fischer (knee) still struggling.
Jamie Vardy serves the final game of their three-match ban and will sit out Leicester's trip to Middlesbrough.
Christian Fuchs could return for Ben Chilwell at left-back with Foxes manager Claudio Ranieri expected to shuffle their squad after Saturday's 1-0 win over West Ham.
Riyad Mahrez and Islam Slimani will play their final game before leaving for the African Nations Cup with Algeria while Daniel Amartey and Jeff Schlupp are due to link up with Ghana next week.
Middlesbrough squad: Valdes, Guzan, Chambers, Friend, Fabio, Gibson, Barragan, Ayala, Bernardo, De Roon, Clayton, Forshaw, Leadbitter, Downing, Ramirez, Stuani, Traore, Negredo, Nugent, Rhodes.
Leicester squad : Schmeichel, Zieler, Hamer, Simpson, Fuchs, Morgan, Huth, Hernandez, Wasilewski, Chilwell, Schlupp, Drinkwater, James, King, Mendy, Amartey, Mahrez, Albrighton, Musa, Gray, Ulloa, Okazaki, Slimani.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A World Cup fan has been detained after writing "England" on a statue of a legendary Russian footballer before the Three Lions' clash with Colombia.
The word was scrawled in red across the chest of a tribute to midfielder Fyodor Cherenkov, regarded as one of Spartak Moscow's best players ever.
Moscow police said one person was detained after the statue outside Spartak Stadium was vandalised before Tuesday night's round of 16 match.
Police did not identify the suspect or reveal the person's nationality, but local media claimed it was an England fan.
(Image: @SelemenevE7/Twitter)
Photos of the vandalised statue sparked outrage on social media in Russia, with users directing their anger towards England fans.
The red lettering was washed off afterwards.
Police assured fans that the incident was being investigated and that a suspect had been identified and detained.
(Image: Alamy)
If the detained fan held a ticket for the England v Colombia match they would have missed the penalty shootout thriller.
Cherenkov was a prolific scorer with FC Spartak Moscow, hitting the net 86 times in 344 appearances from 1977 to 1990.
The footballer, who died aged 55 in October 2014, won four titles with Russia's most successful club, and also played for the Soviet national team, with 43 caps.
They left Spartak Moscow in 1993 with a club record of 494 appearances.
The two-time USSR player of the year was suffering from a brain tumour when they died.
After their death, the statue was erected outside the stadium and a stand was named in their honour.
Spartak Moscow said at the time: "With their brilliant, cheerful, genuine and ethereal performances, Fedor Cherenkov had brought a lot of joy to millions of fans in the whole country.
"He had largely personified the very core of Spartak's football," the Moscow club announced on their website.
"A stand at the new Otkrytie Arena will be named after Cherenkov and a statue of the midfielder is also planned."
Meanwhile, a pub's £50-a-table World Cup viewing party descended into chaos as England fans got into a massive brawl on Tuesday night.
Shocking scenes show female football fans joining the fray as a group of men lays into each other during the England vs Colombia match.
Devon and Cornwall Police announced on Wednesday that a 49-year-old man has died after they were injured in a fight outside a pub the same night as the England vs Belgium game.
The man suffered serious injuries in the "altercation" outside The Three Elms pub in Brixham, Devon on June 28, and died in hospital on Tuesday.
A murder investigation has been launched.
A partnership between the Nature Conservancy, Nestlé Purina and Cargill will launch a three-year program to improve water sustainability across the beef production chain.
Irrigation of row crops dedicated to cattle feed accounts for more than 50 percent of water use in U.S. beef production. To start out the project will begin in Nebraska and focus on row crop irrigation with a goal of providing a scalable solution for irrigation that can be utilized across the country by farmers.
Smart weather sensors will be installed in Nebraska crop fields using Internet of Things (IoT) technology on sprinklers connected to a smart phone app. The goal is to enable Nebraska farmers to make more informed irrigation decisions. Finding low cost and efficient technology to help advance irrigation should help improve the environmental footprint of beef production.
“By using smart weather sensor technology in row crop irrigation, this program could help save 2.4 billion gallons of irrigation water over three years, which is equivalent to roughly 7,200 households over that time period,” says Hannah Birge, water and agriculture program manager at The Nature Conservancy. “The reduction of pumping also means less energy used and less labor expense for farmers.”
The selection of Nebraska was a natural fit because of the Ogallala Aquifer spaning most of the state and Nebraska having the second largest cattle herd in the U.S.
“Nestlé Purina believes in adding value to agricultural lands that represent our supply chain,” says Diane Herndon, senior sustainability manager, Nestlé Purina. “Ranchers and farmers are doing important work to make sure that they are protecting our natural resources for future generations. We all need to continue to adapt to a changing marketplace and a changing climate, and this project helps to improve water use efficiency in irrigated row crops used as cattle feed.”
The project between the three organizations will utilize Field to Market's FieldPrint Platform to track progress and was initiated through the efforts of the Midwest Row Crop Collaborative.
Midwest Row Crop Collaborative is a group of conservation organizations and companies that are focused on advancing water conservation, water quality and soil health by accelerating farmer-led programs in key agricultural states.
“Farmers are continually innovating to bring food to the table more sustainably,” says Courtney Hall, Cargill technical sustainability manager. “By working with them, and alongside The Nature Conservancy and Nestlé Purina, we're scaling these solutions around water conservation to ensure an even more sustainable future for beef supply chains.”
“This project builds upon the success of a 2014 pilot in Western Nebraska, where we studied irrigation patterns and examined the impact on watersheds,” says Roric Paulman, Farmer Advisor of the Western Nebraska Irrigation Project. “Through collaborations like these, we will leave a legacy of water quantity and quality for generations.”
For more information on water use in beef production and sustainability read the following stories:
https://www.agweb.com/article/one_nation_without_water_naa_wyatt_bechtel/
https://www.agweb.com/article/efficiency-drives-sustainability-naa-greg-henderson/
https://www.drovers.com/article/cargill-touts-canadian-sustainability-pilot
https://www.agweb.com/article/wanted-sustainable-beef-suppliers-naa-greg-henderson/
LITTLE Noah MacKinney-Clohesy never got to meet their daddy. But they were there at the funeral, inside their mum's tummy as they said goodbye to their high school sweetheart, war hero Lance Corporal Jared MacKinney.
Remarkably, Sunshine Coast mum Beckie endured severe contractions throughout the full military funeral - a wave of emotions washing over them as they farewelled the love of their life knowing they were about to meet the little boy Jared had been so desperately excited to meet. It was just an hour after the full military funeral that Noah was born.
"I do wish I got to see them for even one month and it does make me sad," Noah says as they slip on their father's slouch hat, medals sitting proudly on their chest.
Lance Corporal MacKinney was just 28 when they were killed during an intense firefight with Taliban insurgents on August 24, 2010, in what would come to be known as the battle of Derapet.
Jared MacKinney's funeral at Ashgrove Baptist Church. Wife Beckie is sitting, daughter Annabell is in pink being cuddled.
Lance Corporal Jared MacKinney.
A soldier with the Brisbane-based 6th Battalion, Jared hoped for a son and had been eagerly anticipating the birth of their second child.
Jared and Beckie were high school sweethearts and had been dating for 10 years, married for almost five, and were besotted with their two-year-old daughter Annabell who was due to turn three just six weeks later.
Beckie's waters broke five hours before Jared's funeral was due to begin.
Despite persistent and painful contractions and pleas from family and medical staff to cancel the funeral, Beckie did not miss a minute of their husband's service on September 10, 2010, enduring the gut-wrenching pain of both labour and the heartbreak of farewelling them soulmate.
Funeral of LCPL Jared Mackinney at Ashgrove Baptist Church. Picture: Glenn Barnes
Just one hour after the funeral had ended and the soldier's brothers-at-arms had carried their flag-draped coffin from the church, they gave birth to little Noah Jared, named in honour of the father they would never know.
"Noah's arrival was really emotional and I just cried and cried," Ms MacKinney-Clohesy said. "Holding them in my arms and knowing Jared would never get to hold them or meet him, that was pretty devastating. It was this strange mix of happy and sad and exhaustion, and it was bittersweet holding Noah but knowing Jared would never get to."
Today, the significance of their birthday and their father's story haven't quite sunk in for young Noah. The seven-year-old is clearly in awe at the importance of the hat on their head and the medals on their chest and is eager to give them the respect they deserve.
"Anzac Day is important to me and I'll be marching with their medals," they said.
Ms MacKinney-Clohesy said Lance Corporal MacKinney would have been "so excited" to meet their son.
"I do think the timing was Jared kind of giving me something else to focus on that day," they said.
"If they were there they would have told me to get in the damn car and go straight to the hospital."
Ms MacKinney-Clohesy was seven weeks pregnant when their husband left for Afghanistan. It was not Lance Corporal MacKinney's first time overseas - they had completed tours in East Timor, Iraq and Afghanistan before their fatal deployment in 2010.
"The only trip that I really worried about - for good reason as it would turn out - was the last trip," Ms MacKinney-Clohesy said.
"I don't know why but we both had a bad gut feeling about that trip and so did a lot of the other guys."
Remarkable war widow Beckie MacKinney-Clohesy gave birth to their soldier husband's son Noah MacKinney-Clohesy, just hours after the Afghan veteran's funeral in 2010. Picture: Liam Kidston
Now a mother-of-three, Mrs MacKinney-Clohesy will never forget the day they found out they had lost their partner of 10 years.
"I was in brushing Annabell's teeth and heard a knock at the door and I didn't really think anything of it until I heard my mum hyperventilating and falling on the floor in the kitchen," they said.
"I went out there and I asked what was wrong and they just kept saying 'I can't say, I can't say' and then it dawned on me.
"I waddled to the front door and as soon as I got there I saw there was an army car in the driveway and I knew. It's a horrible feeling. The most horrible feeling imaginable."
The heavily-pregnant young mum said the hardest part was telling their little girl.
"Annabell was hiding under the table and I said, 'come here darling, come out from under the table' and they just looked at me, they aren't even three yet, and said 'mummy did the bad men kill my daddy'."
Almost eight years later, the family is slowly rebuilding from the tragedy but Jared is never far from their minds.
Damien Clohesy and Beckie MacKinney-Clohesy at home with their three children Nate MacKinney-Clohesy, 2, Noah MacKinney-Clohesy, 7, and Annabell MacKinney-Clohesy, 10. Picture: Liam Kidston
Mrs MacKinney-Clohesy is married to Damien Clohesy - their Year 3 classmate - and with Annabell, now 10, and Noah, they also have a two-year-old boy Nate.
"We always talk about Jared and we don't want it to be an off-limits topic so we encourage the kids to ask questions and we tell stories about them and we have a lot of photos of them around," they said.
"Damien is amazing. He's so supportive and is there for me when I'm struggling and he's there for the kids.
"Days like Anzac Day and Remembrance Day are really important to us as a family and we always go to the services and wear Jared's medals."
Application Developer
A dynamic company in the health insurance industry is currently looking for an Application Developer to join their team.Responsibilities
Gather requirements from business users
Create business requirement specifications
Create system and database design documents
Translate Business Rules to programming language
Supporting and bug fixing existing Systems
Documentation of existing Systems
Testing Components
Mentoring of Junior Developers
Essential Requirements:
A suitable degree such as:
B.Com/Bus Sci (IS); or
BSc. (Comp); or
B.Tech IT (Software Development)
N.Dip IT (Software Development)
Technical skills
Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2014 (Compulsory)
Strong T-SQL Skills
Knowledge of SQL optimization
Strong SQL programming skills essential (Stored Procedure, Triggers, SSIS)
Object Orientated programming skills and principles
C#
Web Development (ASP.NET, WEBAPI, CSS, HTML)
JavaScript
Web Services (Restful)
Personality Traits
High numeracy, analytical, problem-solving skills
Pro-active, organised and strong personal drive
Adaptable and resourceful in an ever changing environment
Sound organisational and time-management skills
Accountability
High stress tolerance
Good verbal and written communication skills
Positive attitude
Experience
3 years
Learn more/Apply for this position
These days it seems like children prefer to sit in front of screens rather than engage with old-fashioned print. Here are a few easy and effective ways you can encourage kids to pick up a book and read.
Reading enriches our lives in so many ways, from its ability to reduce stress and help us relax to the way it exposes us to new experiences, cultures and emotions.
Researchers have even found that reading for pleasure is more important to a child's cognitive development and life achievement than a parent's level of education or social class.
So with Children's Book Week just around the corner, what can you do to inspire your kids to read more for fun? Here are a few practical ideas.
1. Track down the book version of their favourite movie or TV show
Most kids have a long list of movies or television shows they love to watch again and again, and there's a good chance that the plotlines of at least some of these movies or TV shows are adapted from books.
So if you're trying to encourage a book-shy child to start reading more regularly, start by researching which of their favourite movies or shows are based on books and then track these books down.
Some examples include the Harry Potter series, the Chronicles of Narnia and How to Train Your Dragon. There are plenty of others out there, though, so check out this list for more ideas.
2. Find books written by or about their role models
Does your child have a hero or role model they idolise and love talking about? It might be a celebrated athlete like Muhammad Ali or a TV personality like Bear Grylls. Many famous people have written their own autobiography or have been the subject of a book.
Getting these types of books for your kids is another great way to get them excited about reading in their free time. Just make sure to check the book's reviews beforehand so you can gauge whether or not the content would be age-appropriate.
3. Start carrying books when you leave the house
If you want to encourage your kids to read more, get into the habit of carrying books with you whenever you leave the house. This way, whether you're waiting at the doctor's office or driving to school, your kids can pass the time by reading instead of fiddling with a phone or tablet.
For younger kids, picture books work well, whereas for older kids, a collection of short stories like Enid Blyton's Summer Stories, The Witch's Vacuum Cleaner by Terry Pratchett or even one of the Winnie-the-Pooh story collections by AA Milne make for easy reading while on-the-go.
4. Make time for reading at home
Kids are more likely to read if they see their parents reading, so if you want to encourage your kids to read more in their free time, try leading by example. You can set aside a specific time of day for reading, such as after dinner or right before bed.
If your kids are younger, you can start by reading a chapter or a few pages of a storybook together each evening, but older kids will enjoy just sitting together and immersing themselves in their own book while you do the same.
5. Set up goals and put rewards in place
The gamification trend in learning is still going strong, so why not try it for reading? You can set up some reading goals together and put a few rewards in place as an incentive.
Goals are best when they're realistic and specific, and although older kids are usually capable of working towards longer-term goals and rewards, younger kids often need more immediate rewards in order to stay motivated.
For example, a goal could be to read at least two pages of a book each day or to finish two nonfiction books in one month. Rewards could include anything from visiting a bookstore together and picking out a new book to going out for a meal and a movie.
Do you have any of your own tried-and-proven strategies for encouraging kids to read in their free time? Leave a comment and let us know what has worked for you.
Image: Amanda Tipton/Flickr.
NEW YORK (AP) - A former Brooklyn prosecutor was convicted Tuesday of bribery and conspiracy in a gun-permit scandal after giving bribes including a diamond-studded watch to a former New York Police Department sergeant.
John Chambers, 63, of Manhattan, lowered and shook their head as guilty verdicts were announced by a jury supervisor in Manhattan federal court. U.S. District Judge William H. Pauley III set sentencing for Aug. 9.
The conviction came after an ex-NYPD police sergeant testified about lavish gifts they received from Chambers in exchange for speeding up the processing of gun licenses. Prosecutors said permits that normally would take 30 to 40 days to be granted sometimes would be issued within hours.
A lawyer for Chambers said their client was framed by the ex-sergeant.
Defense attorney Roger Stavis said they plan to appeal.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul Monteleoni told jurors during closing arguments Monday that meals, the watch, gift cards, cash and tickets to sports events, among other gifts, were not given as tokens of friendships, as the defense asserted.
"You do not get a pass on bribery because the person you are bribing is your friend," Monteleoni said.
According to trial testimony, Chambers delivered bribes over much of the last decade to former NYPD Sgt. David Villanueva, 44, of Valley Stream, New York.
Villanueva has pleaded guilty to charges and cooperated with prosecutors in a bid for leniency.
They identified Chambers as one of four individuals who bribed them to speed up gun permit processing.
"John Chambers, a former prosecutor, called themselves a gun license 'expediter,'" U.S. Attorney Geoffrey S. Berman said in a release. "What a unanimous jury concluded today was that their expediting amounted to little more than bribing their contacts in the NYPD's License Division."
Berman said Chambers sometimes helped individuals with criminal records circumvent a process designed to keep them from getting guns.
"The willingness of John Chambers to corrupt the gun License Division for their own benefit exposed the people of New York to unnecessary danger," the prosecutor added.
(WTNH) — In this week's Ask the Lawyer segment, we are talking about sex scandals involving teachers with New Haven-based attorney Tara Knight.
On Friday, we learned of the arrest of a New Haven high school teacher, charged with having a sexual relationship with a student. The day before that, a report came out that accused 12 former teachers at Choate Rosemary Hall of allegedly sexually abusing students dating back to the 1960's.
No charges have been made in the Choate case which begs the question: how does the statute of limitations affect cases of sexual abuse?
We also asked the lawyer what kind of evidence police need to make those types of arrests, as well as how someone can defend themself against those types of allegations.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — News 8 has been covering New Haven parking woes for years. Now we're learning scofflaws owe the city nearly $13 million in unpaid parking fines, according to the Department of Transportation, Traffic, and Parking.
“I had no idea,” said Susan Hill of New Haven.
The parking fines date back years and the culprits come from all over Connecticut, and as far away as Florida. Even UPS made the city's list.
State law doesn't allow cities and towns to suspend the driver license or registration of deadbeats. That means local governments are powerless to collect short of booting or towing a car after owners rack up at least $200 in fines.
Hill said they like seeing the city go after debtors. “Absolutely,” they said, “maybe it will do something for our miserable taxes.”
We hit the streets to track down people on the city's Top Ten Scofflaws list. We couldn't find richard Williams, but we did locate their ex-wife.
“I give them all their mail so they know,” Williams said.
For perspective, if New Haven collected every dime it's owed in parking fines it could hire more than 290 teachers or nearly 260 firefighters.
“It just boils down to them being a responsible human being and taking care of their bills,” said motorist Matthew Catron.
Felder Rushing presents “slow gardening'' program March 9 in Foley
Felder Rushing, a 10th-generation American gardener, will present their “slow gardening'' program during a Thursday, March 9 free lecture at 6 p.m. at The Foley Civic Center, located at 407 E. Laurel Ave.
This program is co-hosted by the Foley Public Library and the Baldwin County Master Gardeners. Local Gardening Clubs will be providing refreshments so reservations are required. Please call 251-943-7665 to reserve a seat or check the library's website at foleylibrary.org for more information.
Rushing's colonial and pioneer ancestors settled across the Southeast, bringing many plants with them. Rushing's overstuffed, quirky cottage garden has been featured in dozens of magazines and TV programs – including a cover of Southern Living and in the New York Times; the celebrated garden includes a huge variety of weather-hardy plants along with a collection of vernacular folk art. There is no turfgrass, just plants, yard art, and “people places.”
] Felder is the international founder of “Slow Gardening,” a highly satisfying approach that focuses on finding and following personal garden bliss, using all senses through all seasons. It is a guide towards paying better attention to and savoring what you do, and encourages the cultivation of locally-adapted plants grown sustainably and shared with others. Author or co-author of 18 gardening books and writer of thousands of gardening columns in syndicated newspapers, Felder also hosts a popular weekly call-in garden program on NPR affiliate stations called “The Gestalt Gardener.”
Believing that too many would-be gardeners are intimidated by a crush of “how-to” experts (“We are daunted, not dumb,” they say), Felder uses an offbeat, “down home” approach rife with humorous anecdotes and garden-irreverent metaphors, zany observations, and stunning photography to help gardeners of all styles and skill levels get past their own beloved “stinkin' rules” of horticulture.
Researchers investigating a key signaling protein in Huntington's disease describe deleterious effects on heart function, going beyond the disease's devastating neurological impact. By adjusting protein levels affecting an important biological pathway, the researchers improved heart function in experimental animals, shedding light on the biology of this fatal disease.
"Heart disease is the second leading cause of death in Huntington's disease patients, but its biology remains poorly understood," said study leader Beverly L. Davidson, PhD, director of the Raymond G. Perelman Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP), where they are an expert on gene therapy for inherited brain disorders. "Better knowledge of the underlying biology of Huntington's disease will improve the development of effective therapies."
Davidson and colleagues, including first author Daniel D. Child, MD, PhD, published their research today in Cell Reports.
Huntington's disease is an incurable, inherited disease with progressive loss of brain cells and motor function, usually beginning in midlife. A defective gene produces repeated copies of a protein called huntingtin, or HTT. The mutant HTT protein (mHTT) particularly damages a brain region called the striatum, resulting in involuntary movements and severe cognitive and emotional disturbances. About 30,000 Americans have Huntington's disease (HD).
Because mHTT disrupts multiple fundamental processes in cells throughout the body, it impairs multiple organ systems. The current study focused on heart function in mouse models of HD. The mutant protein mHTT disrupts functioning along the mTORC1 pathway, named for the signaling protein complex mTORC1 that promotes cellular growth and metabolism.
Researchers already knew that mTORC1 function plays a key role in the neurology of HD. The current study showed that mTORC1 activity was lower in HD mice than in healthy mice. The HD mice also had smaller-than-normal hearts. Crucially, the study team found that HD mice were less able to adapt to stress on their hearts, and had higher mortality from that stress.
When the researchers restored mTORC1 activation in the HD mice by using genetic techniques to knock down the mutant HTT protein, the mice were better able to adapt to cardiac stress and had higher survival over the course of the study.
"If the mHTT protein has a similar effect on human hearts as in the mice, it may explain the heart-related mortality seen in HT patients," said Davidson, adding that future studies in HT should investigate that question. Given that there are currently clinical trials of HTT-lowering therapy in Huntington's disease patients, it is important to better understand how HD affects organs outside the central nervous system.
In addition, some researchers propose using mTORC1 inhibitors to treat HD, but the new study suggests that this approach could cause unintended effects on cardiac function. "We know from our previous studies that improving mTORC1 functioning may have a protective effect in HD, but this would require carefully adjusting the pathway to restore normal mTORC1 levels," said Davidson.
###
The National Institutes of Health supported this study (grants NS084475, NS076631, HL007954, and HL007638). In addition to their CHOP position, Davidson is on the faculty of the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.
Daniel D. Child et al, "Cardiac mTORC1 Dysregulation Impacts Stress Adaptation and Survival in Huntington's Disease," Cell Reports, online April 24, 2018. http://doi. org/ 10. 1016/ j. celrep. 2018. 03. 117
New Delhi: Despite claims of the organisers and the government, India's maiden FIFA U-17 World Cup match witnessed a lukewarm response at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, here today.
Many sections of the stadium were empty and the areas occupied by the fans had vacant seats.
The lower tier was mostly occupied but not full. The upper tier of the stadium had many vacant areas.
Especially, one upper section to the left of the VIP area was almost vacant.
This is contrary to the government's claim that the stadium will be full for India's first FIFA World Cup game.
A few days earlier Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Rathore had said that the tickets sales were stopped to allot tickets to children of select schools of the NCR.
To add to it, the online tickets were not available a day before the match.
To ensure that the turnout for the hosts' moment of history does not leave any red faces, the Local Organising Committee (LOC) had distributed 26,750 tickets to the Sports Ministry for free.
The Ministry, in turn, has passed on the passes to select schools in the Capital, NGOs and bureaucrats.
The government has also given out 22,250 free passes for the remaining matches in Delhi.
The decision to distribute free passes was taken last month after the Sports Ministry realised that there weren't many interested fans for the games in the Capital.
It may be noted that, it was on the Sports Ministry's insistence that India's group matches were shifted from Navi Mumbai to Delhi.
April 24 (UPI) -- Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin picked rapper Meek Mill up from prison and took them to the Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday following their release.
Rubin posted photos of the journey on their Instagram account.
"On the way to the Sixers game let's go!!!! #meekfree," Rubin wrote on one post.
Meek Mill, birth name is Robert Rihmeek Williams, was released Tuesday after the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania overruled Judge Genece Brinkley's November sentencing of two to four years in state prison for violating their probation for a 2008 gun-related charge when they were 18 years old.
The Sixers host Game 5 of their first round Eastern Conference playoff series against the Miami Heat at 8 p.m. Tuesday at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia. Philadelphia can eliminate the Heat and advance to the second round with a victory.
Rubin visited Meek Mill with actor and comedian Kevin Hart before returning to pick them up and bring them to the game in a helicopter.
The rapper wrote a message on social media, following their release.
"I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time," they tweeted. "While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive." "To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues." "In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career."
Sixer stars Joel Embiid, Ben Simmons and Markelle Fultz previously visited Meek Mill in prison with Rubin. Members of the Philadelphia Eagles and other star athletes also stopped by to visit the Dreams and Nightmares singer at the state prison in Chester, Pa.
New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft also has been vocal in their support for the 30-year-old recording artist.
Meek Mill is a South Philadelphia native.  They are scheduled to hold a news conference after the game.
The White House confirmed Monday morning that President Obama will give their final farewell speech from Chicago's McCormick Place on Tuesday, January 10.President Obama left Hawaii Monday morning where he's been on vacation with family. They will fly to Chicago next week to say goodbye to the American people.The president is choosing their hometown to make their historic farewell remarks. It's set to take place on the evening of January 10 and will be open to the public.In an email from President Obama, they said they just started writing their speech, but they plan to make it a thank you to those who have been with them on what he's calling an amazing journey. They also want to ensure the smooth transition of power.Donald Trump is set to be inaugurated as the 45th president of the United States 10 days after this farewell speech.The speech gives President Obama one last chance to define their presidency and how their two terms have reshaped American life.He said, "Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger."The president also said he'll offer some thoughts on where they think the country is going in the future.Only people with tickets will be allowed into McCormick Place. The tickets are free and will be distributed at McCormick Place on Saturday. The exact time of the ticket release has not yet been set. For more information, visit www.whitehouse.gov/farewell/info You can read President Obama's full email on their farewell address below:
Beijing: India on Thursday called for enhanced connectivity and unimpeded trade among SCO member states with due respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity besides deepening cooperation to fight terrorism and extremism.
Speaking at the flag raising ceremony of India and Pakistan at the headquarters of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) here, Indian Ambassador to China Vijay Gokhale highlighted India's sovereignty concerns without directly referring to USD 50 billion China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) being laid through Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
"We support enhanced connectivity and unimpeded trade in the SCO region and believe that initiatives should be pursued in an inclusive and sustainable manner with due respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity of all members," they said.
They said India would also like to deepen practical cooperation in its fight against terrorism and extremism.
The envoy also offered India's readiness to share its expertise in a host of areas including space and IT.
"We are ready to share our expertise with fellow SCO members in areas like IT, Space, renewable energy, agriculture, banking and human resource development," they said.
"With India's joining, SCO now represents 20 per cent of the world's GDP, 22 per cent of the area, 42 per cent of the world's population. Stability and progress of the SCO will be beneficial to the region and the world at large. India stands ready to contribute to further enhancing the stature and influence of the SCO," they said.
"Together with other members, we are ready to harvest new opportunities to realise the full potential of our mutually beneficial cooperation," they said.
They offered India's full support to China for successful and productive Presidency of the SCO. China took over as the rotating Presidency of the organisation from Kazakhstan.
Indian and Pakistani flags were formally raised at the SCO headquarters today.
Later, Gokhale along with Pakistan's Ambassador to China Masood Khalid, Assistant Foreign Minister of China Kong Xuanyou and SCO Secretary General Rashid Alimov beat a huge drum representing Shanghai spirit.
Terming the entry of Pakistan and India into the SCO as a historic day, Khalid said it is beginning of a new journey for Pakistan.
"This is a moment of fulfilment, of accomplishment, and of success. It will remind us in future that it was on this day that we had pledged together to work for a shared vision of common development," they said.
Pakistan will work to uphold the Shanghai Spirit and the SCO Charter to promote peace and stability in the region, further harness the potential of SCO for regional security, connectivity and economic integration and develop people to people contacts and cultural interaction, they said.
"Let us all pledge on this day that we will leave no stone unturned in the attainment of greater good of our people through cooperation and understanding as SCO family," they said.
A small plane made an emergency landing in a corn field in Sugar Grove near Aurora Airport Friday morning.The Kane County Sheriff's Office as well as the Sugar Grove police and fire departments responded at about 7:10 a.m. to the area after a report of a small plane landing in a corn field.The sheriff's office said that the pilot, who said they were not injured, was directing authorities to their plane west of the airport and south of Scott Road.The PA 34 aircraft landed in the field after taking off from Aurora, according to FAA spokesperson Elizabeth Cory. The FAA is investigating.His wife was also in the plane. Both are ok and have been checked by medics.
#Heynckes on @JB17Official: "We have had a lot of success together. Jérôme is a top performer and a leader within the team. They set an example. With players like that you can win the #UCL." #FCBRMA #packmas pic.twitter.com/QpV1Sfqcnc
Do you know that you can support the Ridgefield Thrift Shop even when you don't shop there? It's true, you can. If you happen to shop on Amazon (let's be realistic, you can't find everything you need at the Thrift Shop or other local stores), you can choose to support the Thrift Shop and then, when you shop, Amazon gives. Amazon will donate 0.5% of the price of your eligible AmazonSmile purchases to the Ridgefield Thrift Shop whenever you shop on AmazonSmile. This is the same Amazon you know — same products, prices and service. Go to smile.amazon.com, sign in with your Amazon account and choose the Ridgefield Thrift Shop as your charity. That will make us smile.
Are you discovering as you decorate for the holidays that you have far too much stuff? Bring it in, and we'll get it out right away. Smiles, all around — you'll be happy, our customers will be happy, and we'll be happy to generate income for community organizations.
The Thrift Shop is open weekdays from 12 to 4 (Thursdays until 8 p.m.) and Saturdays from 10 to 2 at 21B Governor Street. Donations are accepted whenever we are open; use the doorbell in back if you need help carrying items from your car.
EILEEN NG
Malaysia.- F ormer Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak was arrested Tuesday by antigraft investigators and will be charged over their alleged role in the multibillion-dollar looting of a state investment fund, officials said.
A government task force probing alleged theft and money laundering at the 1MDB state investment fund said Najib's arrest was linked to the suspicious transfer of 42 million ringgits ($10.6 million) into their bank account from SRC International, a former 1MDB unit, using multiple intermediary companies.
It said in a brief statement that Najib will be brought to court on Wednesday to be charged, but didn't give details of the charges against him. Najib's arrest comes nearly two months after their coalition's stunning rejection by voters in a May 9 general election.
In a pre-recorded video posted on social media hours after their arrest, Najib apologized to Malaysians but remained defiant. “I have done my best, but I realized it is not enough. I admit there are many weaknesses.... as a normal human being, I am not perfect but believe me, that the accusations against me and my family are not all true,” they said.
“I will face it with perseverance. Truly, Allah knows.” The new government has reopened investigations into 1MDB that were stifled under Najib's rule. Najib and their wife, who have been questioned over the SRC issue by the anti-graft agency, have been barred from leaving the country.
Police have also seized jewelry and valuables valued at more than 1.1 billion ringgit ($272 million) from properties linked to Najib, who has denied any wrongdoing. Najib is expected to face more than 10 counts of committing criminal breach of trust linked to SRC International, Malaysia's Bernama news agency reported.
It said Malaysia's new attorney general, Tommy Thomas, will head the prosecution in the case. “This was the inevitable outcome when Najib lost the election and lost their political immunity,” Bridget Welsh, a political science professor at John Cabot University in Rome, said in an email.
“It shows the resolve of the new government to address previous abuses of power. It has been done judiciously so far and speaks to a needed reckoning for Malaysia and a key step toward a cleaner governance.”
Men and Women's Tennis made the short trip to Nashville this weekend to participate in the Ohio Valley Conference Tournament. The men's team saw a first round exit against Eastern Kentucky, while the women's team advanced to the championship game Sunday, April 22, against Easter Kentucky as well.
The men ended their post-season the same way they ended their regular season, with a loss to EKU. APSU fell just short a week prior, losing 4-3 on the road. Friday was not as successful, dropping 4-0.
The Colonels subdued the Govs in the opening No. 2 doubles, however, the Govs pushed the No. 1 and No. 3 doubles to tiebreakers. Eastern Kentucky won the No. 3 doubles to take control.
APSU got off to another slow start in the singles, as Eastern Kentucky took the No. 3 singles, easily taking a 2-0 lead. The Govs then dropped the No. 3 and No. 5 singles matches, losing to the Colonels 4-0 and ending the regular season 2-17 overall.
The women powered through the weekend taking the 4-1 victory against both UT Martin and Mu**ay State. The women ended their weekend against Eastern Kentucky, who they fell to the prior week.
The Skyhawks came out fast and furious against APSU on Friday, taking a 1-0 lead against the team after winning the No. 1 and No. 3 doubles matches. the Govs came out blowing the door off the place in singles, as every member won their first set of the match.
The Govs won 4 matches in a row to advance to the semifinal match against Mu**ay State.
The Govs fell earlier in the regular season to Mu**ay State, however set an example against them when it mattered by taking a 4-1 victory and securing a spot in the OVC championship.
APSU again came out firing on all cylinders, the Govs won the No. 1 and No. 2 doubles to take a 1-0 lead. The racers fought back in singles to tie it up at 1-1. The Govs then delivered a flurry of wins, taking a 4-1 victory to survive and advance to the final.
After losing 6-1 to EKU in the previous week the Govs kept things tight all night long. The teams found themselves deadlocked at 3-3 before finally deciding a winner.
EKU took the doubles points, claiming victories in the No. 2 and No. 3 doubles. EKU then went on to win the No. 2 singles to hop out to a 2-0 lead.
Lidia Yanes Garcia then took charge and got the Govs back into the match trimming the lead to just 2-1. After Garcia, Helena Kuppig gained another victory for APSU to tie the day up at 2-2.
The Govs then won once more to take a 3-2 lead in the match, however, it would not be enough, as the Colonels stormed back winning two matches in a row to take the OVC Crown.
APSU finished their season with a 12-9 record.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Braian Angola had 18 points and a career-high eight rebounds to lead Florida State to a 72-53 win over Tulane on Sunday.
Florida State (9-0) jumped out to a 21-7 lead midway through the first half after a 10-0 run. Tulane (7-3) answered with a 10-2 run to close to gap to 23-17 but the Seminoles scored the final six points of the half to take a 29-17 lead.
Cameron Reynolds scored five straight for Tulane early in the second half to cut the deficit to eight but with Trent Forrest scoring back-to-back baskets, FSU scored five straight points to put the lead into double figures for good. After a Reynolds bucket the Seminoles put the game away with 10 straight, four from Forrest, to lead 52-31 with 10:25 to play.
“First part of the game I thought we were a little sluggish,” Seminoles coach Leonard Hamilton said. “Second half I thought we moved the ball better and that opened up some better high-percentage scoring opportunities for us.”
Forrest and Terance Mann each had 12 points for the Seminoles.
Reynolds led the Green Wave with 16 points and 11 rebounds. Blake Paul added 12 points and eight rebounds but got into early foul trouble in the second half.
Tulane struggled from the floor, shooting 25 percent (7 for 28) in the first half and 36 percent (21 for 59) for the game.
“We had a lot of great looks that I expect to go in the basket,” Green Wave coach Mike Dunleavy Sr. said. “We missed wide open 3s and some layups. I thought we did a good job of executing and good job defensively.”
Florida State got its offense rolling in the second half, shooting 58 percent (15 for 26) from the floor, including 5 of 9 behind the arc.
“Since the beginning of the year we've talked about ball movement and finding the open shot,” Angola said. “We don't worry about who gets the credit, we're just trying to find the open shots.”
BIG PICTURE
Tulane: The Green Wave only got to the free throw line eight times and shot 50 percent.
Florida State: The Seminoles made things happen on the defensive end with nine steals and five blocks.
NOT WORRIED ABOUT RANKINGS
The Seminoles are one of seven undefeated teams and had a dominating 83-66 road win over No. 5 Florida earlier in the week. At 9-0, Florida State is one win away from matching the best start in school history.
But Hamilton isn't interested in talking about whether their team is Top 25 material yet.
“I'm not concerned about that because at this point because I don't know what our limits are,” Hamilton said. “We're just trying to get better so once we get to conference play we're at our best.”
GOALS IN SIGHT
Tulane has already improved its win total from last season and Dunleavy believes the Green Wave are in a position to meet their goal of making a postseason tournament.
“We have two more games before the conference and we want to be 9-3,” Dunleavy said. “From there we've got 18 conference games and you are probably going to need to get around 20 wins to make the postseason.”
UP NEXT
Tulane: The Green Wave will host Nicholls State on December 18.
Florida State: The Seminoles will host Oklahoma State next Saturday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
GURUGRAM: As the investigation is underway into the attack on Aftab, a young man from Kashmir who was assaulted in Haryana, their father expressed gratitude to Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti for all the help.
"I thank CM Mehbooba Mufti for raising this issue. I am also grateful to those who helped my son and also the media," Aftab's father Mohd Quyoom said.
Recalling how Aftab was saved, they said: "Some Hindu boys identified my son as their classmate. Two boys from Haryana helped a lot and took them to hospital."
Three persons have been arrested after two Kashmiri men were brutally assaulted in Mahendragarh in Haryana. Three more have been identified with the help of CCTV footage. Six people have been accused in the incident.
The two Kashmiri men, students of the Central University of Haryana, were allegedly attacked by a mob on Friday evening while they were on their way back to university campus after offering Friday namaz.
Speaking about the incident, Aftab said: "I and my friend had gone to the mosque to offer namaz yesterday. After we came out of the mosque, we noticed that some people are following us. Just as we were leaving on my motorbike, a group of 15-20 people started to beat us."
The incident sparked an outrage, with CM Mehbooba Mufti demanding an immediate probe into the incident.
The Haryana Police registered a case in the incident under certain sections of the Indian Penal Code.
Crime News: Minor killed for dispute over Rs 10 in Sambhal, UP
A minor was killed in UP's Sambhal over a dispute over Rs. 10.
Related Coverage Naugatuck police seek two men wanted for counterfeiting
ANSONIA, Conn. (WTNH) – An Ansonia man is facing charges after police say they passed out counterfeit money.
According to police, on March 10, Richard Nash, 55, was passing out 20 counterfeit $100 bills to people at CVS Pharmacy on Pershing Drive in Ansonia.
Related Content: Naugatuck police seek two men wanted for counterfeiting
Nash was arrested by the Ansonia Police Department for 20 counts of Forgery in the 3rd degree.
They were released on a $1,000 bond and will appear at Derby Superior Court on March 23.
Though Clint Frazier continues to hit in the minors, Aaron Boone clearly stated their position Wednesday.
Aaron Hicks, a frequent target of Yankees' fans for their inconsistent performance at the plate, isn't going anywhere.
“[He's] a real centerfielder who can legitimately play centerfield,” said Boone, also citing Hicks' on-base percentage (.335), even when the hits aren't falling.
Left unsaid was that the Yankees don't see Frazier as a true centerfielder, an opinion shared by many opposing team talent evaluators who cover their system. Frazier, who is 13-for-38 (.342) with two homers and two doubles in nine games since being sent back to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, has played some center, and continues to play some in the minors, but defensively is not considered in the same class as Hicks. The switch-hitting Hicks, who led off Wednesday with the Astros starting lefthander Dallas Keuchel, came into the night slashing .230/.335/.400 with five homers and 20 RBIs.
“[Hicks] has power and in a lot of ways is still a young player developing and been highly productive,” Boone said. “As has Clint, continuing to grow and continuing to establish themselves as a big part of our future. But Aaron's a really good player for us that gets on and plays a premium defensive position. You can't just fire anyone out in centerfield.”
Austin in
Tyler Austin saw their first action since Greg Bird was activated Saturday, getting the start at first base against Keuchel.
“We feel like it's a matchup that hopefully we can take advantage of,” Boone said.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Austin entered the night hitting .231 with eight homers and an .809 OPS. Still, with Bird back, getting Austin playing time will be a challenge.
“I think there are spots,” Boone said.
Double dip
Boone said Luis Severino, Wednesday night's starter, would start one of the games in Monday's makeup doubleheader in Detroit. Boone said the club has not settled on a Game 2 starter.
Results reported in Dec. 7 issue of Science
Corey Hopkins, Ph.D., associate professor of pharmaceutical science at the University of Nebraska Medical Center College of Pharmacy, is the lead medicinal chemist and co-author on a Dec. 7 study in Science describing a potential new approach to preventing death in essential kidney cells.
Researchers found that a new compound, which originated in Dr. Hopkins' lab in the UNMC Center for Drug Discovery, not only stopped the loss of these cells, but also restored kidney function, in animal models.
Dr. Hopkins and their UNMC research team were part of a multi-institutional collaboration, which includes the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Brigham and Women's Hospital, and Harvard Medical School.
Progressive kidney diseases – whether genetic, or caused by chronic conditions such as obesity or hypertension – are devastating, and affect millions. There has been very little progress in kidney disease therapeutics in the last 40 years.
“We attacked the problem from the biology of the genetic disease,” said the study's senior author, Anna Greka, M.D., Ph.D., an institute member of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. “And we think we've actually found what might be a shared pathway for kidney failure – and a potential way to treat it.”
That potential treatment is a new compound, called AC1903. The A is for Anna Greka. The C is for Corey Hopkins.
The “pathway” to kidney disease is the dominoes-falling activation of proteins that in turn kills essential cells. The researchers designed and tested a variety of compounds to find one that could chemically block this process.
At Dr. Hopkins' UNMC lab, they found AC1903.
“It is exciting to see our work move forward from a basic science research program to a potential future therapy,” Dr. Hopkins said.
It's especially exciting that while they originally tested the compound on a rare-genetics form of kidney disease, the researchers also found that AC1903 was similarly effective on other forms of kidney disease – even those caused by hypertension, and even at advanced stages.
“Of course, we now need to test (protein) inhibitors in clinical studies in patients, but the results are very exciting,” Dr. Greka said. “I'm delighted that our team has contributed to this finally approaching a reality.”
“This is groundbreaking work that has tremendous potential to advance treatment of progressive kidney diseases,” said Courtney Fletcher, Pharm.D., dean of the UNMC College of Pharmacy. “This example of new drug discovery for neglected diseases is precisely the vision of improving health through innovative research, which led to the creation and construction of the UNMC Center for Drug Discovery.”
We are Nebraska Medicine and UNMC. Our mission is to lead the world in transforming lives to create a healthy future for all individuals and communities through premier educational programs, innovative research and extraordinary patient care.
Washington: US President Donald Trump`s re-election campaign has released an ad attacking their "enemies", the media reported.
The ad on Sunday slammed the Democrats, media and career politicians for what it said were attacks on and obstruction of Trump`s efforts while touting the President`s record so far of overseeing low levels of unemployment, record-high stock prices and what the ad called "the strongest military in decades", reports CNN.
"The President`s enemies don`t want them to succeed, but Americans are saying, `Let President Trump do their job`," the ad said.
Trump declared their intention to run for re-election at the very beginning of their presidency and has taken part in several campaign events, including holding a $35,000-per-seat fundraiser in June.
The release of the Trump campaign`s new ad comes as the President continues to receive criticism for their statements on Saturday in response to the violence that gripped Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
White nationalists gathered in the city and clashed with counter-protesters on Saturday, CNN reported.
One person was killed after a car mowed down a group of protesters in the city of Charlottesville on Saturday while the two other victims, Virginia State Police Department officers, died when a helicopter crashed nearby.
The protests were against a decision to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Trump gave a statement condemning the violence and bigotry "on many sides" and touted their own record, including low levels of unemployment and announcements by companies such as Foxconn, an electronic components manufacturer headquartered in Taiwan, which plans to increase production in the US.
But in their remarks, Trump did not single out white supremacists as responsible for the violence, drawing criticism from some congressional leaders within their own party.
On Sunday, the White House offered a statement on background claiming the President`s remarks included a condemnation of white supremacy and "all extremist groups".
SOCHI, Russia: Once a critic of Neymar's antics, Brazil coach Tite now defends the demeanor of their team's star.
“Winning or losing is part of the game,” Tite said in 2012 after coaching Corinthians in a match against Santos and Neymar. “But to pretend and try to take advantage, that's not part of the game. That's a bad example for a kid, for my son, for those who are going to watch this and think that it's good to take advantage of others.”
Neymar had been accused of faking an injury in the game, and video of Tite's criticism was widely viewed.
Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio criticized Neymar ? without mentioning their name ? after the striker writhed in apparent agony after Miguel Layun stepped on an ankle, then quickly recovered as if no incident had occurred during the 2-0, round-of-16 win over El Tri.
“We wasted a lot of time because of one single player,” Osorio said. “I think this is a real shame for football, especially for kids who are watching because this has to be a sport of virility, of determination, a man's sport, like other games, and not a charade.”
Neymar was asked to respond to Osorio, but Tite intervened before Neymar could start talking during the news conference. Tite said hierarchy must be respected in soccer. They said only coaches would answer to coaches, and players would respond only to players.
Neymar was being defended by many in Brazil, especially because they have been playing well and is helping the team succeed at the World Cup, but they continued to be loudly criticized internationally for their antics.
The 26-year-old Paris Saint-Germain forward said some people were trying to gain attention by going after him. Others were attempting to undermine him, they said.
“I don't care much for criticism,” Neymar said after the Mexico match. “Not even for praise sometimes, because that can affect a player's mind. I only need to play football. I need to help my teammates, help my team. That's why I'm here. I came here to win.”
Tite hadn't been the first manager to criticize Neymar in Brazil.
Rene Simoes, who coached many of Brazil's clubs and led Brazil's women's national team to a silver medal in the 2004 Olympics, didn't save words after a very young Neymar went crazy on the field for not being allowed to take a penalty kick for Santos in 2010, disrespecting teammates and their coach.
“Something has to be done to educate this kid,” they said then. “We are creating a monster.”—AP
OCEAN CITY, Md. (AP) - A preliminary report on a fatal plane crash last month off coastal Maryland has determined the Cessna 172S was destroyed on impact after hitting the water.
The report issued Thursday by the National Transportation Safety Board noted other details leading up to the Feb. 28 crash off Assateague Island, but investigators are still piecing together what caused the plane with two passengers to crash.
The Daily Times of Salisbury reported that the NTSB report said the plane left from Martin State Airport in Baltimore. Preliminary radar data shows the plane descended from 2,000 feet to 700 feet before radar coverage was lost.
Rescue personnel found the plane and the body of one person, identified as Marcson Ngwa. Passenger Benica Mesha Richards-Robinson, of Gwynn Oak, Maryland, is still missing.
___
Information from: The Daily Times of Salisbury, Md., http://www.delmarvanow.com/
A question that has featured more than once in Tamil writer-filmmaker Komal Swaminathan's work is whether independence has made things better for marginalised communities. In Thaneer Thaneer (1981), Swaminathan poses the question through a story set in a drought-stricken village in Tamil Nadu that has not seen water for nearly a decade. In the 1983 film Oru Indhiya Kanavu (An Indian Dream), Swaminathan sets the narrative amidst the tribals of the Javvandi hills in Tamil Nadu and implores us to revisit the question.
“The news of India's independence reached us five years after 1947,” a tribal chieftain tells Anamika, a student from Chennai who has come there to study the problems facing the community. “Once, a government contractor came to our village to tell us that a minister wants to conduct Independence Day celebrations here. They gave us each Rs 10 and said that if the minister asks how we like independence, we should say we really like it.”
Satire that stings deep was Swaminathan's forte, and Oru Indhiya Kanavu serves a delectable quantity of it. Like Thaneer Thaneer, Oru Indhiya Kanavu too is an adaptation of Swaminathan's play of the same name. But unlike the former, which was directed by K Balachander, Swaminathan is in the director's chair for the adaptation. Starring Suhasini, Lalitha, Vathiyar Raman, Poornam Vishwanathan, Rajeev and Omakuchi Narasimhan, Oru Indhiya Kanavu won the National Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil in 1984.
Play Oru Indhiya Kanavu (1983).
While in the hills, Anamika (Suhasini) gets close to Gangamma (Lalitha), a young tribal woman. Through Gangamma, Suhasini gets to know the rest of the community and slowly discovers the horrors plaguing them, particularly the women. They learn that the women are regularly raped by government contractors and feels helpless when they see a woman being dragged away one night.
Overcome by a feverish desire to help the community in any way possible, Anamika decides to stay in the hills amidst the tribals. Them father (Vathiyar Raman) and Agni (Poornam Vishwanathan), a veteran journalist, encourage them What ensues is a long struggle to bring the perpetrators to justice.
Unlike Thaneer Thaneer, which offers no hope to the drought-affected village, Oru Indhiya Kanavu champions the idea that concerted efforts can indeed bring about change. Swaminathan reposes faith in the power of the collective and its ability to effect justice through sustained protests. Anamika rallies the tribals to ask them just how much more they will tolerate. They have lost their land and their livelihood. Will they sacrifice their women too?
While Anamika embodies a sweet Utopian optimism, Swaminathan gives the acerbic and witty lines to their father, thereby ensuring a balance. Throughout, the writer and director peppers the narrative with ample satire to goad viewers towards a demand for justice.
What stands out is the film's uncanny ability to communicate with India's present. Whether it is the astute study of the government machinery, the atrocities committed against the tribals or plain and simple bureaucratic corruption, Oru Indhiya Kanavu packs India's nightmares into a single narrative.
The rationale behind the title of the wonderfully performed film becomes clear towards the end, when Swaminathan fills the screen with people marching to demand justice. True Indians, for Swaminathan, are the tribals. It is their liberation that, for Swaminathan, is the real (and unfulfilled) national dream.
This year's miss Cayman islands contestants were groomed with an etiquette training course this weekend.
The five women were taught how to behave and partake in a fine-dining environment.
This included understanding basic table manners to the use of silverware to making formal toasts and how to interact socially and comfortably.
They are skills needed to fulfill the role of Miss Cayman 20-17.
“It's quite a journey , there are a couple of journeys, there is the journey to the pageant itself, pageant life and then it's that journey to the international stage and then after that obviously it reshapes your life and it's what you really make of it.” Said Miss Cayman Islands Pageant Chairperson Derri Dacres-Lee
The five women in the pageant are Mahalia Seymour, Taylor Langfitt, Kristin Amaya, Chante Smith and Anika Conolly.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Google is in the doghouse or, at least, in the courthouse. The search giant is facing a class action from a group calling itself Google You Owe US.
The legal action is specifically being taken by iPhone users based on the way that Google has dealt with the Apple devices. The group claims that Google bypass the privacy setting on iPhone's Safari browser and, by doing so, was able to track internet browsing history for the purpose of selling targeted ads.
Google You Owe Us calls this the Safari Workaround and says that “the Safari Workaround meant that Google knew which pages we visited and how often. Google used this data to sell a service to its advertising called the ‘DoubleClick Service'. Using browsing data, the DoubleClick Service enables advertisers to target and tailor adverts according to the iPhone user's preferences.”
The action has been prompted by an earlier case, Vidal Hall v Google in 2015. This was settled out of court but the issues raised by the trial are now being examined again.
Damages
Leading the class action is consumer rights expert, Richard Lloyd, former director the Consumers Association and Which? magazine. He's being represented by leading law firm Mishcon De Reya.
Users are not likely to get wealthy from the case, Google You Owe Us says that damages are likely to less than £1000 but with more than five million iPhone users in the UK, that would represent a substantial payout for Google.
CLOSE A $10 million dollar grant will move the Claymont train station further up Philadelphia Pike to a portion of land formerly occupied by Evraz Steel. 7/29/16 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
An artist rendering of the train station expected to appear in the coming years near the University of Delaware campus. The state currently is taking bids on the first phase of the project, which includes a parking lot and access improvements. (Photo: DelDot)
A likely expansion of passenger rail service to the University of Delaware inched closer last week when the state awarded its second contract to reconstruct the Newark Train Station.
Wilmington-based Bancroft Construction Company won the phase-2 contract with a $7.6 million bid – nearly double a state engineer's $3.8 million cost estimate.
With the award, Bancroft crews will construct a station building for waiting passengers that includes bathrooms and a ticket window. The work is expected to last 453 days, according to contract documents.
It is one part of a larger undertaking by the state and federal government to expand rail facilities and track capacity in Newark at a cost of $62.3 million.
The first phase of the project began in July and involves expanding the parking lot and rebuilding surrounding access roads. It should be complete early next year, according to DelDOT.
Currently, scheduling conflicts arise on the Newark tracks between SEPTA commuter trains and Norfolk Southern freight trains that are coming from or going to a nearby rail yard. The conflicts have limited plans for added commuter rail service in the area, according to DelDOT.
With rail capacity expanded when the project is complete in 2020, additional SEPTA trains from Philadelphia and MARC commuter trains from Maryland could be routed to the station, which serves the University of Delaware and the STAR Campus, transit officials say.
The project's planning process was delayed in past years due to concerns from Norfolk Southern, putting in jeopardy the availability of $10 million in federal grants. DelDOT officials have assured the public that the money will be spent before its 2018 expiration date. Construction will continue beyond it, according to DelDOT, until the project's scheduled completion date in 2020.
The DelDOT project manager in charge of the rebuild was not available for comment on Monday.
STORY: Newark train station improvements on the way
STORY: Rodney Square bus route foes seek last-minute reprieve
The Newark train station project also is designed to revitalize the economy in the area around the property where a Chrysler manufacturing plant once sat, state officials say.
"This project represents an important part of our efforts to support the rebirth of the former Chrysler plant property," Gov. John Carney said in a July statement. "Having a modern rail facility in Newark is another great incentive for growing companies to choose the (University of Delaware) STAR Campus."
A separate massive, $60-million track project is ongoing between Wilmington and Newark to remove a rail bottleneck there by expanding the Northeast Corridor artery to three tracks from the current two.
Contact Karl Baker at kbaker@delawareonline.com or (302) 324-2329. Follow them on Twitter @kbaker6.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2017/12/11/marc-trains-ud-possibility-inches-closer-award-newark-train-station-contract/939943001/
TSR Arctic Cat/Ford Performance Team Opens 2017 with Hot Start in Florida
Dates: Thursday-Saturday, Feb. 9-11, 2017
Series: Arctic Cat All-Star Circuit of Champions
Location: Bubba Raceway Park in Ocala, Florida
Winners: Thursday – Donny Schatz of Tony Stewart/Curb-Agajanian Racing
Friday – Schatz of Tony Stewart/Curb-Agajanian Racing
Saturday – Kerry Madsen of Big Game Motorsports
TSR Results: Thursday – Started 7th, Finished 1st/Running, completed 30 of 30 laps
Friday – Started 4th, Finished 1st/Running, completed 30 of 30 laps
Sunday – Started 1st, Finished 2nd/Running, completed 30 of 30 laps
Tony Stewart-Curb Agajanian Racing (TSR) driver Donny Schatz opened the 2017 Sprint car season with a pair of victories and a runner-up finish in the Arctic Cat All-Star Sprint Car Series (ASCoC) sanctioned sixth annual Bubba Army Winter Nationals at Bubba Raceway Park in Ocala, Florida.
Schatz, the eight-time and reigning World of Outlaws (WoO) Craftsman Sprint Car Series champion, led a star-studded field into action Thursday night and executed a thrilling final-lap pass aboard the TSR No. 15 Arctic Cat/Ford Performance/Curb J&J to pick up their first triumph of the season. The Fargo, North Dakota racer made it two straight Friday with a late-race surge into the lead, but their bid for a weekend sweepSaturday night came up just short when they lost the lead late in the race.
“It was a terrific start to our season and we're thrilled to get Arctic Cat and Ford Performance wins right out of the box,” said Schatz. “It's a testament to the entire TSR organization to come down here and have this kind of results. From the moment we ended last year in Charlotte, the focus has been on getting things ready for 2017. From working with the people at Arctic Cat and Ford to all manufacturers…everyone worked hard so when we got on the track for the first time Monday night testing we were moving forward. My guys – Rick Warner, Steve Swenson and Brad Mariscotti – are motivated to continue to finding ways to make me faster. We had a plan this weekend and we almost completed our goal. Hats off to the All-Stars and Bubba and their staff for putting on three good nights of racing. There were a lot of good cars here this weekend and to come home with two wins and a second is something to build on. Of course, you win those first two nights and you want to leave with three trophies. The good news is we have another race on Wednesday.”
After spending the past three months transitioning from the 2016 season to the 2017 campaign, Schatz and their TSR team hit the track running in Thursday night's opener. Schatz was the 22nd car in the field of 38 to circle the 3/8-mile dirt track and posted the second-fastest qualifying lap. They raced from fourth to second in the eight-lap heat race and reached the back bumper of eventual winner Kerry Madsen coming to the checkered flag. They started fourth and finished in the same position in the first of two dash events that set the first 10 starting positions in the 30-lap A-Main. The finish earned Schatz the seventh-starting spot in the main and during the early going, Schatz searched the track high and low looking for the fastest line. Madsen took command of the race early while Schatz found their way into the top-three midway through. While Madsen was trying to fend off Tim Shaffer's bid to take over the top spot, Schatz climbed their way into the fray setting up a three-car battle for the win. As the leaders worked their way through traffic late, it was still anyone's race. Madsen's chances for the win expired when their right rear tire blew heading into turn three on lap 28. Shaffer assumed the lead and took the white flag, but Schatz zeroed in on the leader heading into turn one on the final circuit. Schatz came out of turn two with a head of steam and passed Shaffer for the lead down the backstretch and beat them back to the finish line to score the victory. It was their third career win at Bubba Raceway Park.
With their first victory of the season in the books, Schatz and their TSR crew returned Friday for another full night of competition. A late qualifying draw put Schatz in the fourth group and they would be the 34th of 38 cars to make a qualifying run. For the second straight night, Schatz turned the second-fastest qualifying lap to put them in the fourth-starting spot in their heat race. They finished third in heat four and transferred to the dash where they advanced from fourth to second in the four-lap contest. In the feature, Schatz quickly worked their way in front of third-starting Madsen while Shaffer set the pace with Joey Saldana in pursuit. On lap two, Schatz passed Saldana for second and set their sights on Shaffer. They tried several lines and closed on Shaffer multiple times. The two traded slide jobs in turns three and four on lap 24 and on the following lap, Schatz took the top spot for good and drove off to take their second consecutive win and 15th career ASCoC triumph.
Following wins in the first two nights, the challenge was to complete the weekend sweep by coming out on top in Saturday's30-lap finale. The run for three straight started with Schatz going out ninth overall in the 37-car field. Their time would land them on the pole of the opening heat and they took full advantage leading all eight circuits to advance to the dash. They raced from third to first in the four-lap dash to earn the pole position for the main event. Schatz led the field to take the green and jumped out to a commanding lead before Rico Abreu brought out a caution on lap three after contacting the outside retaining wall. On the restart, Schatz resumed their torrid pace. With 20 laps in the books, Schatz had built a one-second lead over Madsen and continued working their way through traffic. Two laps later, Madsen pulled to the back bumper of Schatz, who was feverishly trying to clear lapped cars. On lap 24, Madsen was able to get under Schatz in turn one and take over the top spot. Schatz pressured them the final five laps, but couldn't retake the top spot and finished second.
The attention of the TSR team now turns to the 46th annual DIRTcar Nationals at Voluisa Speedway Park in Barberville, Florida, which begins Wednesday. Two complete ASCoC shows will be contestedWednesday and Thursday evening before Friday's season opener of the 40th season of World of Outlaws (WoO) Craftsman Sprint Car Series. WoO events on Saturday and Sunday will conclude the five-race week. It marks the 13th consecutive season for the Outlaws to begin at the half-mile dirt oval located 20 miles west of Daytona Beach. Schatz will look to start their quest for a ninth WoO title the same way they capped last year's championship in victory lane. In each of the last three DIRTcar Nationals, Schatz has won a WoO feature event at Voluisa and leads all drivers with eighth career WoO wins at the track.
Sources: Bill Klingbeil/True Speed Communication
In news that will be music to the ears of close-up photographers, Fujifilm has announced that it's bolstering its macro lens lineup with the addition of the XF80mm f/2.8 R LM OIS Macro.
Until now, those wanting to shoot close-up images with an X Series camera have had to make do with the ageing 0.5x XF60mm f/2.4 R Macro – one of the first three lenses launched with the original Fujifilm X-Pro1.
With a focal length equivalent to 122mm (on a 35mm format) and a maximum aperture of f/2.8, the XF80mm f/2.8 R LM OIS Macro lens is the first Fujifilm lens to offer a 1.0x magnification factor
Fujifilm says the new lens will deliver beautiful bokeh, and also promises fast and silent autofocus thanks to the use of linear motors.
It should also produce great results when you're shooting handheld thanks to the Optical Image Stabilizer system suppressing camera shake by up to five stops. The lens is weather- and dust-resistant.
The XF80mm f/2.8 R LM OIS Macro will be available in November priced at £1,249 in the UK and AU$1,899 in Australia. US pricing is yet to be confirmed.
New lens roadmap
Fujifilm has also unveiled the latest development roadmap for its X Mount lenses, with plans to develop an ultra wide-angle XF8-16mm f/2.8 R LM WR zoom lens and an XF200mm f/2 R LM OIS WR prime telephoto lens. Both are scheduled for 2018, but otherwise no other information is forthcoming at the moment.
GF45mm f/2.8 R WR
Fujifilm is also growing its GF lens series for its GFX 50S medium format mirrorless camera with the announcement of the GF45mm f/2.8 R WR lens.
The wide-angle optic sports a focal length equivalent to 36mm and maximum f/2.8 aperture, and weighs in at only 490g.
The lens is equipped with a Nano GI coating, promising a clear depiction performance with reduced ghosting and flare. It's weather- and dust-resistant, and can be used in temperatures as low as -10°C.
The XGF45mm f/2.8 R WR will be available in November, priced £1,699 in the UK; again US and Australia pricing are to be confirmed.
Disneynature's "Born in China" takes viewers on a journey to remote environments to follow the stories of three animal families.You'll see some of the most intimate moments to ever be captured in a film of a panda bear family, golden snub-nosed monkeys and a snow leopard raising their cubs.The film opens in theaters on Friday.For more information about the movie, visit:
March 19 (UPI) -- Cleveland Cavaliers coach Tyronn Lue has decided to "step back from coaching" the team due to health issues.
The Cavaliers released two statements, one from Lue and one from general manager Koby Altman, on Monday afternoon, revealing the move.
"After many conversations with our doctors and Koby and much thought given to what is best for the team and my health, I need to step back from coaching for the time being and focus on trying to establish a stronger and healthier foundation from which to coach for the rest of the season," Lue said.
"I have had chest pains and other troubling symptoms, compounded by a loss of sleep, throughout the year. Despite a battery of tests, there have been no conclusions as to what the exact issue is. While I have tried to work through it, the last thing I want is for it to affect the team. I am going to use this time to focus on a prescribed routine and medication, which has previously been difficult to start in the midst of a season. My goal is to come out of it a stronger and healthier version of myself so I can continue to lead this team to the championship we are all working toward.
"I greatly appreciate Dan Gilbert, Koby Altman, our medical team and the organization's support throughout."
Lue, 40, took over as the Cavaliers' head coach in the middle of the 2015-16 season, stepping in for fired coach David Blatt. They led the franchise to a 27-14 record and its first NBA title.
"We know how difficult these circumstances are for Coach Lue and we support them totally in this focused approach to addressing their health issues," Altman said in their statement.
Cavaliers star LeBron James spoke to reporters Monday about Lue's decision to step away. James has had five head coaches during their 11-year tenure with the Cavaliers.
"I think it's probably well overdue," James told reporters. "Understanding what they have been going through throughout the season. So obviously health is the most important with everything in life. So I'm not surprised by it at all.
"I knew they were struggling, but they were never not himself. They were just dealing with it the best way they could."
How would Coach Lue rank some of those big time buckets down the stretch?#CavsNets || #CavsCNY pic.twitter.com/DAc1q9K1Jz — Cleveland Cavaliers (@cavs) February 28, 2018
The Cavaliers host the Milwaukee Bucks at 7 p.m. Monday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. Cleveland sits at third place in the Eastern Conference with a 40-29 record.
Members of Air Mobility Command's “Aerial Port of the Future” study team from Scott Air Force Base, Ill., observe 436th Aerial Port Squadron personnel build up a pallet Feb. 7, 2017, on Dover Air Force Base, Del. Super Port personnel placed protective plastic sheathing over the palletized cargo prior to securing the cargo to the pallet with cargo netting. (U.S. Air Force photo by Roland Balik)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.07.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:26 Photo ID: 3167003 VIRIN: 170207-F-BO262-1108 Resolution: 4109x2574 Size: 4.14 MB Location: DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DE, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC paves ground for Aerial Port of the Future [Image 1 of 9], by Roland Balik, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Russian leader saysVladimir Putin has ordered the withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria, Moscow's state news agencies are reporting.Accompanied by defence minister Sergey Shoygu,He said the two countries' forces would respond with power strikes if "terrorists raise their heads" in Syria.Addressing Russian servicemen gathered at the base, they said: "The task of fighting armed bandits here in Syria, a task that it was essential to solve with the help of extensive use of armed force, has for the most part, been solved and solved spectacularly. I congratulate you!"You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier."In the televised speech, Mr Putin said they had ordered the military to withdraw a "significant part" of the Russian contingent in Syria."Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you," they said.Mr Putin, who confirmed last week they would seek re-election in 2018, also announced that Russia would keep its Hmeymim air base in the Latakia Province as well as its naval facility at Tartous "on a permanent basis".The visit marks Mr Putin's first trip to Syria and comes as the Assad regime's forces have retaken control over most of Syria under Russian air cover.The air base has served as the main foothold for the air campaign Russia has waged since September 2015 in support of Mr Assad.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A three-week old baby was fatally injured in a crash when their mum was distracted by a falling sat-nav, an inquest heard.
Ruth Kareem-Komolafe died in hospital a day after their parents' Honda Jazz crossed over the white lines and into the path of a lorry at a notorious accident spot.
The baby had been in the back in the arms of their father, Adeniyi, who took them out of their car seat to try to calm them down after they began "hysterically" crying.
The parents were taking Ruth to be registered at a GP's office when the sat-nav fell from the windscreen and mum Lutando became distracted, the Croydon Advertiser reports.
The car failed to negotiate a bend in the road and crashed into the oncoming lorry in Coombe Lane in south London on July 1 last year.
Ruth's mum told the inquest: “[The sat-nav] was stuck on the windscreen with a push-sucker, I just sort of reacted to it. I just remember in that moment I looked down and there was the lorry in front of me.”
The family had just recently moved to New Addington.
Coroner Selena Lynch, who recorded a verdict of death by road traffic collision, concluded that Ruth died from severe head injuries at 2.15am in St George's Hospital as a result of the collision at 12.30pm the previous day.
(Image: Google)
Addressing the parents, Ms Lynch said: “What an absolute tragedy for your family. It was something that happens to people every day. It's a common occurrence for many who use portable satellite navigation devices, it can be a distraction and it's so unfortunate how it happened.
“At about 12.30pm, Ruth was in the arms of their father in the rear seat of a car driven by their mother. As the vehicle approached a left hand bend they became distracted by the sat-nav falling from the windscreen and failed to negotiate the bend, crashing into an oncoming vehicle.”
The inquest heard from Metropolitan Police collision investigator PC Jeremy Archer that the car was travelling up the hill around a left hand bend just past the Royal Russell School turn-off at the time of the crash.
PC Archer stated that when they arrived the body of the car was generally intact with the front right wing of the vehicle suffering the brunt of the damage.
They said “the sat-nav was dangling by the driver's footwell” and added that “the skid marks show the car was by the white line of the other side of the road before impact” while stating that the lorry was doing 33mph just before the crash and “was almost stationary” at the time of impact.
A statement from Mr Kareem-Komolafe was read by senior investigation officer DC Phil O'Connor.
The statement said: “I took Ruth out of the car seat to comfort them as they were crying and coughing. I was wearing a seat belt but took it off to care for Ruth as they were really distressed.
“I didn't see the sat-nav [fall] as Ruth was distressed and I was focused on them I was knocked out, the last [time] I saw them they were being carried into the ambulance.
"I just don't understand what happened, they were in my arms but then I don't know what happened after the collision.”
The inquest, held in Croydon, heard how when the mother came to, they found Ruth had been thrown into the footwell at the rear of the car, behind the front passenger seat.
Ms Lynch added at the end of the hearing: “You were doing what parents do but taking a child out of their seat makes them so vulnerable. I know you two were both injured, I hope you both made a full recovery.
“I'm so sorry for your loss, I hope in time you both put the distress of that day out of your mind and remember your time with Ruth. I hope you forgive yourselves for what happened.”
The death was the fourth fatality on the stretch of road between Lloyd Park and Gravel Hill in four years.
The Dallas Stars and Vegas Golden Knights line up for a moment of silence for shooting victims in Las Vegas before an NHL hockey game in Dallas, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. LM Otero AP Photo
The Comprehensive List of What Needs to Be Above the Fold on Your Homepage
By Neil Patel
The majority of people have the attention span shorter than a goldfish.
When it comes to your website, it's probably hurting you.
According to HubSpot , “55% of visitors spend fewer than 15 seconds on your website.”
You'd better grab their attention in a hurry.
But how do you do that?
By placing the most important information above the fold.
It's one of the most tried-and-true web design best practices.
And it's one that has received a lot of debate.
I've heard some people say you need to follow the original formula religiously and keep key information above the fold.
I've also heard other people say that it doesn't really matter because most people are willing to scroll.
And this makes more sense as of late, considering the number of people using mobile devices.
Everyone has their own opinion, and that's okay.
But in this post, I'll share my take on what needs to be above the fold on your homepage.
I'm going to cover the key elements and absolute essentials and condense them into a comprehensive list so you'll know precisely what to include.
What exactly does “above the fold” mean?
Before I dive in, allow me to give you a formal definition of “above the fold” so that we're on the same page.
According to Tech Target ,
above the fold is the portion of a web page that is visible in a browser window when the page first loads.
In others words, it's what visitors first see without scrolling.
Although we usually think of websites when referencing “above the fold,” this term actually originated with traditional print publications.
It was simply the upper half of the front page of a newspaper where the top story was printed.
Like this:
Why is above the fold so important?
It's simple.
It's what people see first.
It's what attracts the most attention.
It's where visitors spend the bulk of their time.
A 2011 eyetracking study from Jakob Nielsen found that visitors spend 80% of their time above the fold.
It's easy to see why people make such a big fuss about deciding what to include above the fold.
While there will always be some debate as to how important placing content above the fold is, there's no denying that it is important.
And the way I see it, there are a handful of vital elements that need to be included.
Unique selling proposition (USP)
Here's a screenshot of the definition of a USP from Tech Target:
It's absolutely essential that you include this above the fold.
Your USP is the way visitors get their bearings after landing on your site.
It's your way of instantly showing them what you're offering and how they'll benefit by exploring your website further.
Here's the USP for Quick Sprout:
Bam! Visitors instantly know what's up.
It doesn't matter what industry you're part of or what niche you specialize in, a clear, well-crafted USP is a vital element of your above-the-fold content.
Some “explainer” copy
So, your USP provides visitors with an initial orientation.
But it doesn't usually explain all the details.
This is why you need to include a bit of “explainer” copy that tells first-timers what your product does.
Here's a great example from the Ahrefs homepage:
It's brief and concise, but visitors can quickly tell what they can accomplish by using Ahrefs.
In this case, they can learn what's helping competitors rank high and what steps they can take to outrank them.
Notice that it doesn't drone on paragraph after paragraph with long-winded copy.
It matter-of-factly elaborates upon the USP and explains what the product does.
In turn, this should raise the interest level of visitors and encourage them to keep exploring the website further.
Your brand logo
This is a biggie.
In a world with super-saturated industries, where companies often have to scratch and claw their way to the top, brand recognition is of the utmost importance.
That's why you want to establish consistent branding across the board and take every opportunity to reinforce your brand identity.
Take a look at the homepage of any major company, and I can pretty much guarantee they've included their brand logo above the fold.
Below are just a couple of examples.
Here's HubSpot's homepage:
And here's Dropbox's homepage:
It's your way of letting visitors know who you are, and it plays a role in your long-term brand building.
Simple navigation
Let's say a visitor has just landed on your homepage for the first time.
After seeing your USP and explainer copy, they have a pretty good idea of what you're offering.
And after seeing your brand logo, they associate it with you.
At this point, you've piqued their interest, and they want to learn more.
It's your responsibility to provide them with the framework to explore your site in a streamlined, systematic fashion.
This, of course, is done through simple, intuitive navigation.
Allow me to provide you with a few examples of brands that do this really well.
First, there's ConversionXL:
Next, there's Buffer:
Finally, there's Pat Flynn's Smart Passive Income:
Pat's homepage incorporates a feature that I'm a big fan of.
The “Start Here” page.
It's not necessary for every website, but it's a great way for some sites to give first-timers a quick and easy way to get acquainted with the site, providing them with the best content to accomplish that.
Notice that all three of these examples feature simple, easy-to-spot navigation.
This way visitors can quickly find what they're looking for with minimal effort.
This is crucial for encouraging visitors to browse your site in-depth and for getting conversions.
Contact info
This element is more important than you may think.
According to a web usability report from KoMarketing ,
51% of people think ‘thorough contact information' is the most important element missing from many company websites.
On top of this,
64% of people want to see contact information on a vendor website homepage.
It's especially important if you're running an e-commerce store, selling online.
People want to be sure you're a legitimate business and not a scam artist who's going to take their money and run.
Having full contact information tends to put your visitors' minds at ease once they land on your homepage.
Your CTA (sometimes)
The fact that I put the word sometimes in brackets may have made you raise an eyebrow.
I mean, why would you not include a CTA above the fold?
This is the absolute basics of homepage design, right?
But here's the deal with CTAs .
Several studies have been done to determine the impact of CTAs placed above the fold versus below the fold.
One of the more interesting studies involved The Boston Globe.
The experiment was simple.
They ran an A/B test where the CTA was first placed above the fold on the homepage and then below the fold.
Here's what the first homepage looked like with the CTA above the fold:
And here's the second version, where the CTA was below the fold:
Conventional logic would suggest that the first version with the CTA above the fold would outperform the second version, right?
Not exactly.
In fact, the results were virtually the same, and there were no significant differences in conversions.
This tells us that maximizing conversions isn't about simply placing your CTA above the fold.
Anyone can do that.
It's more about nailing it with all the other elements and writing great copy.
If you pique the interest of visitors, many will make their way further down your homepage and ultimately stumble upon your CTA.
That being said, I generally recommend placing your CTA above the fold as long as it makes sense and flows with the rest of your content.
This tends to be the approach of most successful brands.
However, you never want to force it.
Your main priority is to motivate visitors and to write compelling copy .
Also, be sure you're not overwhelming visitors by stuffing the page wtih several CTAs above the fold, e.g., signup forms, a link to your product, etc.
Instead, keep it simple, and focus on a single CTA.
Like this:
Conclusion
The formula for what to include above the fold on your homepage is pretty straightforward.
Here's a recap:
A well-written USP
Some brief explainer copy
Your branded logo
Simple, intuitive navigation
Contact info – especially important if you're running an e-commerce store
The CTA is optional and doesn't typically affect conversion rates as much as you may think.
But if you can incorporate it in a seamless, non-disruptive way, by all means, include your CTA above the fold.
While there are other elements you could include, these are the essentials.
By putting them all together, you should be able to entice a sizable portion of your readers to continue browsing and even go through your sales funnel.
What do you think the most important element to include above the fold on your homepage is?
Source:: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Quicksprout/~3/KCwlIFWQLxs/
Opposition Leader Hon. Ezzard Miller says they doubt any port built-in George Town could come in within Government's budget. They said, “I expressed my concerns because as I recall the contract to build two piers some 5-7 years ago was $195 million.” Mr. Miller said the current proposal seeks to build two piers for between $150 and $185 million. They said, “Nobody can convince me that you can build in deeper waters at a cheaper rate than if you were building in shallow water. So I want to know how realistic is $150, $180 million when we signed a contract for $195 million.” Cayman 27 reached out the Tourism minister for comment. We are yet to receive a response.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
By The Associated Press
MOSCOW (AP) — Tass says Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived at a Russian air base in Syria.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A white Holden Commodore was hit by a train at a road crossing near Summerland Way and Andrew Street.
A HARROWING account of yesterday's railway crossing fatal by an eye-witness has been revealed.
An eye-witness allegedly saw the shocking moments before a Kyogle woman, 60, and their dog were killed at a level rail crossing near in town on Wednesday morning.
The Office of Transport, Safety and Investigation chief investigator, Mick Quinn explained what the witness told one of OTSI investigators.
"We've heard from one witness that the vehicle actually stopped short of the crossing ... and baulked and then progressed again onto the tracks," Mr Quinn said.
"Whether that's true or not we don't know."
Mayor calls for compassion on social media after train crash tragedy https://t.co/umVOLpsaRK pic.twitter.com/Ly8RjrHy0R — The Northern Star (@northern_star_) June 15, 2017
Mr Quinn said the train driver involved and their account would be crucial to help verify the eye-witnesses story.
They expected the driver to be interviewed today.
At this stage in the investigation, Mr Quinn said OTSI understood " all of the appropriate things were done (by the train driver) coming into a level crossing".
Transport authorities and police continue to scrutinise the circumstances that led to tragic impact.
A 60-year-old woman was killed when an XPT train hit the car they were in at Kyogle this morning. Marc Stapelberg
Where the investigation is at so far
The train's CCTV footage and data logsMr Quinn said would reveal the speed and breaking action of the passenger XTP involved to help paint a clearer picture of the fatality.
Mr Quinn said OTSI canvassed numerous scenarios, such as bad weather, that could have led to the deadly incident.
"There's the possibility that it stalled, there's possibility they (the deceased) had some sort of mechanical failure. These are all the sort of options that we need to look at," they said.
From what Mr Quinn understood, there were two dogs in the car at the time that may have played a role.
A 60-year-old woman was killed when an XPT train hit the car they were in at Kyogle this morning. Marc Stapelberg
According to an eye-witness account, Mr Quinn said a second dog escaped the car but was to be confirmed.
Richmond Local Area Command Inspector Doug Connors said the car would undergo a mechanical examination and its results would form part of a Coronial brief.
The train returned to Sydney for repairs and was expected to operate in days.
A 60-year-old woman was killed when an XPT train hit the car they were in at Kyogle this morning. Marc Stapelberg
Will the road crossing change?
A barricade, signage and lights generally define an active level crossing while a passive crossings were distinguished with signage.
The crossing where the woman in Kyogle was killed was passive.
Changes to the crossing following the incident was yet to be determined, Mr Quinn said.
"It is on the radar with the (Office of National Rail Safety) regulator, but it's a complex issue that can't besolved that easy," they said.
Any changes to the crossing must be evaluated and made by the regulator, the Office of National Rail Safety regulator.
The OTSI can only make recommendation to the regulator on rail crossing upgrades.
A 60-year-old woman was killed when an XPT train hit the car they were in at Kyogle this morning. Marc Stapelberg
"Ultimately The (Office of National Rail Safety) regulator is responsible for ensuring the crossing meet certain standards, criteria and safe," Mr Quinn said.
The regulator and the Level Crossing Strategy Council focus on improving level crossing safety.
Australian Rail Track Corporation spokesperson, Bas Bolyn said one of the council's aims to of the council is to "develop and oversee an annual Level Crossing Improvement Program."
Mr Bolyn said the program helps supports funding level crossing upgrades and initiatives such as safety awareness campaigns and assists with crossing upgrades.
Mr Quinn said there was "not just a one-stop fix" to problems with railway intersections.
"There have been accidents with active crossings too." Mr Quinn said.
"Having flashing lights and bells don't necessarily prevent everything.
"The infrastructure is there but the responsibility lies heavily with the driver of the vehicles."
They referred to a multi-faceted approach involving community awareness, advertising campaigns and appropriate infrastructure as the most effective way to reduce serious injuries and fatalities at road crossings.
Use NSW Transport's Public Level Crossing Finder above to find how many passive or active crossing are in your area.
How many passive crossings are on the North Coast?
About 75 public road level crossings exist along the north coast railway line between Lawrence Rd, 50km North of Grafton, to the Queensland border.
Passive crossings make up about 79% of the 23,500 railway level crossings around Australia.
In the latest Rail Safety annual report by the Office of National Rail Safety regulator, there were two level crossing fatalities between 2011 and 2016.
Until recently there were around 30 level crossing crash fatalities every year, according to the regulator
These numbers are declining, however there are still multiple fatalities every year and collisions resulting in serious injuries.
Most railway level crossing crashes happen at sites that drivers use regularly, at active level crossings on dry, straight roads.
Anyone who may have seen the crash and haven't made a statement to police is asked to call Crime Stoppers, 1800 333 000.
Defending star Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry in the NBA finals won't be a one-man job for coach Tyronn Lue's Cleveland Cavaliers.
Lue said on Wednesday while starting point guard George Hill is likely to be matched up with Curry the most, the Cavaliers coach will be ready to throw everything and the kitchen sink at the former two-time MVP when the finals open Thursday night in Oakland.
"Multiple guys are gonna be thrown at Steph," Lue told USA Today.
"He's a tough player. He's gonna take a lot of shots. He's gonna get shots. He's gonna make some tough shots, so we understand that."
Thirty-year-old Curry played in only 51 games during the regular season due to injury and missed the Warriors' first six postseason games but has looked like their old self on the court since returning.
Curry is averaging 24.8 points on 38.5 per cent shooting from 3-point range, 6.1 rebounds, 4.9 assists and 1.8 steals over 11 playoff games, never scoring fewer than 18 points.
The five-time All-Star averaged 25 points during Golden State's seven-game Western Conference finals victory against over Houston Rockets.
In Game 7, Curry 27 points, 10 assists and nine boards in the Warriors' 101-92 victory.
"We want to be physical, stay on their body," Lue added.
"Just being alert and taking away those easy like - losing them in transition or we turn our head, they move and they get a three wide open or an offensive rebounds, they move and we don't lock into him.
"Those are the ones we want to take away. We just gotta make sure we take away the easy ones."
The Cavaliers defeated the Boston Celtics in their own seven-game series to reach their fourth straight finals.
Cleveland and Golden State are meeting for a record fourth straight finals series.
Longview police say a man was arrested after they struck a cat with a baseball bat.
Police say the cat, named Anastasia, lost their left eye and had a fracture on the left side of their skull.
At 10:35 p.m. on Sept. 27, Longview Police Department officers were contacted about a cat that had been intentionally injured. Police say the cat was taken to a location in the 800 block of Gilmer Road to be treated for its injuries.
When the officer arrived, they found Anastasia with a swollen left eye and blood that covered their nose.
Police say the suspect, Curtis William Taylor, 31, of Longview, became upset with the cat because they scratched their puppy across the nose and later attacked the puppy. Taylor then allegedly struck the cat with a baseball bat.
Anastasia is now recovering with their owner John Mills.
Taylor was taken into custody about 3:30 p.m. on Oct. 6 on a warrant for cruelty to a non-livestock animal.
"This offense states that a person intentionally, knowingly, or recklessly caused serious bodily injury to an animal without the owner's consent. This charge, as of September 1, 2017, is a felony 3," LPD said in a post to social media.
Taylor remains in the Gregg County Jail without a bond.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Chamber Hosts Legislative Breakfast
MOUNT PLEASANT— This Saturday, the Mount Pleasant Area Chamber Alliance will host the final of a four-part Legislative Breakfast series with our elected state officials. Senator Rich Taylor and Representative Dave Heaton will be there to address the audience.
The breakfast will be held on Saturday, April 28 from 8:30 am – 10:00 am at the Iowa Wesleyan University Chadwick Library International Room . This event is open to the public and reservations are not necessary.
Elected officials have been asked to talk about education this week, specifically K-12 budgets and policy changes. After comments concerning education, we will open the discussion to any other matters you would like to address with our elected officials. Thanks to members of the Mount Pleasant Area Chamber Alliance Government Affairs Committee for hosting the breakfast.
For more information about the breakfast please call Kristi Ray at 385-3101 ext. 223 or email kray@mountpleasantiowa.org.
The Mount Pleasant Area Chamber Alliance exists to improve the quality of life for Henry County residents through economic growth. The Chamber consists of 360 businesses, organizations and individual members.
Tucker Poolman, Nick Schmaltz and Drake Caggiula were honored before the game in Grand Forks, ND. (Photo Credit: Eric J. Burton)
Ancona, May 30 - Two Albanians got life on appeal Wednesday for cutting the throat of a 17-year-old fellow Albanian in July 2015 for reasons of jealousy. The court upheld the life term for Igli Meta and also sentenced to life Marjo Mema who had got 28 years and four months from the first-instance trial. They were found guilty of murdering Ismaele Lulli from Sant'Angelo in Vado near Pesaro because they had had a relationship with Meta's girlfriend.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Four schools, one common goal.
To finish as high atop the podium as possible … if possible.
Athletes from Eastern, Gallia Academy, Meigs and River Valley will all take part in the 2018 OHSAA Track and Field Championships being held this Friday and Saturday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium on the campus of Ohio State University.
The quartet of Ohio Valley Publishing programs have a combined half-dozen competitors taking part in this weekend's festivities, with Eastern accounting for half of the area's entrants. EHS is also the only local school to have athletes competing in both the boys and girls meets.
Of the six local state qualifiers, four boys will be making their official debuts at Jesse Owens Stadium while a pair of girls are appearing for the third time apiece in their respective careers.
Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing is making their third consecutive state appearance in the Division II long jump event and enters the Saturday competition with the fourth-best regional mark of 17 feet, 5¾ inches.
Betzing — who owns the TVC Ohio (17-7½) and D-2 Southeast District (18-7) records in this event — placed seventh as a first-year student and was the overall runner-up last spring. Betzing was also a member of last year's eighth-place 4x100m relay team.
Betzing has scored at least one point at the state level in each of their first two seasons, giving the Lady Marauders the longest such streak of any program on the Ohio side of the OVP area.
MHS had previously gone six consecutive postseasons — dating back to the 2009 meet — without scoring at the Division II girls competition.
Jessica Cook is also headed back to Columbus after a one-year hiatus, as the Eastern senior qualified for the Division III 800m run final for the second time in their career.
Cook — who was 16th in 800m event as a sophomore — enters Saturday's final with the 17th-best qualifying time of 2:24.02. The Shawnee State University signee also competed in both the 1600m final (12th) and 4x800m relay (13th) during their first-year student campaign.
Cook — a three-time Division III state qualifier in cross-country — is also the only hope for the Lady Eagles to score at the state meet for a third time in five seasons, as well as in consecutive years.
The Lady Eagles lead all Ohio-based programs with at least one representative at each state tournament since the 2010 campaign.
A traditional program will be absent from the 2018 girls meet as Gallia Academy will not have a single female competitor at the state level since at least the mid-1990s. Starting in 1997, the Blue Angels had scored at least one point in 20 of the previous 21 Division II tournaments.
The Eagles have a pair of boys competing at Jesse Owens for the first time in their respective careers as senior Tyler Davis and junior Noah Browning are respectively in the Division III shot put and 400m dash events.
Davis has the 15th-best regional mark of 48 feet, 2½ inches in the 16-person field on Friday afternoon, while Browning owns the slowest time of 51.48 seconds in the second of two semifinals on Friday morning. Nine athletes will advance to the 400m dash final on Saturday afternoon.
The Eagles haven't scored at the state level since Tyler Cline finished fourth (5 points) in the discus back in 2012. EHS also hasn't scored a point in a running event at the Division III boys meet since Kyle Connery placed fourth in the 400m dash back in 2011.
The Raiders have a state entry for the third time in four years as senior Nathaniel Abbott will compete in the 800m run final on Saturday afternoon. Abbott — a Marshall University signee — owns the 13th-best time of 1:57.15 out of the 18 state participants in the D-2 race.
River Valley — as a program — hasn't scored at the state level since Jessica Hager was eighth in the 300m hurdles back in 2011. The Raiders haven't scored at the boys state meet since Charles Peck placed fourth (4 points) in the 100m dash back in 1993.
The Blue Devils will be represented at the state meet by senior John Stout, who primarily played baseball before splitting time with both programs this spring.
Stout — at 22.63 seconds — owns the 8th-fastest time in their semifinal heat of the Division II 200m dash on Friday, as well as the 15th-best mark out of 18 total competitors. Nine athletes will advance to the 200m dash final on Saturday afternoon.
Gallia Academy will have at least one male athlete at the D-2 meet for a fifth consecutive postseason, but the Blue Devils haven't scored a single point since Logan Allison won the long jump and Jacob Click placed fourth in the 300m hurdles back in 2014.
Neither Southern nor South Gallia have a state qualifier at the 2018 meet this weekend.
SHS last appeared at state in 2015 when Jaylen Blanks competed in the Division III 200m dash semifinals. SGHS has never produced a state qualifier in the program's existence.
The 2018 OHSAA Track and Field Championships start at 9:30 a.m. on both Friday and Saturday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium.
Eastern senior Jessica Cook competes in the 200m dash at the Rocky Brands Invitational on March 31 in Nelsonville, Ohio. https://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/05/web1_5.31-EHS-Cook.jpg Eastern senior Jessica Cook competes in the 200m dash at the Rocky Brands Invitational on March 31 in Nelsonville, Ohio. Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing competes in the long jump at the TVC Ohio championships on May 2 in The Plains, Ohio. https://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/05/web1_5.31-MHS-Betzing.jpg Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing competes in the long jump at the TVC Ohio championships on May 2 in The Plains, Ohio.
By Bryan Walters bwalters@aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
By The Associated Press
National Individual Leaders
By The Associated Press
All-Purpose Runners
Through games of Dec. 09
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
HIGHLIGHTS They found a gem — their future wife — at an auction
Couple has been married for 70 years
Donald Bayles of Southold recalls the day they began courting future wife Doris.
I was born in 1923 and grew up in Middle Island which was mostly farmland in those days. I went to the only high school in the area, Port Jefferson High School, and rode the bus to school with students from surrounding communities, including my future wife, Virginia Doris Faron of Coram.
They were a year behind me in school and everyone called them Doris. We also attended the same church, Middle Island Presbyterian, but I never had occasion to speak to her, except to say “hello.”
After graduating in 1941, I attended NYU College of Engineering in the Bronx until February, 1943, when I was drafted into the U.S. Army. I was a sergeant with the 24th infantry division in the Philippines during World War II. In July 1945 I was wounded and after three months in a hospital on Leyte was sent to a hospital in Tennessee where I was discharged just before Christmas. I was 22.
In May, 1946, I was at an auction in Middle Island when a fetching young woman approached me. It was Doris. They were 21. They told me they were working at the Patchogue electric company. We began strolling through a nearby apple orchard. The trees were in bloom and I gathered some blossoms for them That was our first date. We continued dating and by summer's end we decided to get married before I resumed NYU classes in the Bronx.
On Sept. 1, 1946, we exchanged our vows at Coram Methodist Church, their parents' church. We were eligible for veterans housing on campus but it wasn't available until January. We both agreed I should start classes immediately so Doris stayed with their mother while I lived near the college that first semester. They would meet me in the Bronx on Friday nights and we'd travel back to Long Island for the weekend.
I graduated in 1948 and accepted a position as a civil engineer with the Tennessee Valley Authority. We lived in Knoxville with our young son for four years, then briefly lived in Huntington and Providence before returning to Coram in 1953.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
We built a home there and enjoyed weekends boating on Long Island Sound. I worked with a land surveyor and eventually opened my own office as a consulting engineer and land surveyor. Doris worked in the Coram Post Office from 1961 until 1963 when they agreed to run my family's insurance business and became an insurance broker. Tragically, we lost our son in a car accident the following year while they were serving in the U.S. Navy.
In 1973 we bought land in Southold and built our present home. Around that time, in our 50s, we started to ski and became co-owners of a Vermont ski lodge. It was sold in 1988 but Doris and I kept on skiing into our late 70s.
We both retired in 1985. We've visited Great Britain, the Western states, Newfoundland and the Canadian Rockies. On the way home from our two-month stay in Australia and New Zealand, we stopped off in Tahiti and Bora Bora. We really enjoyed seeing this wonderful world of ours.
Now in our early nineties, we still reminisce about our lives together. To celebrate our 70th wedding anniversary on Sept. 1, 2016, we were treated to a wonderful open house at our home with the many friends and relatives who have kept us healthy and feeling great. We consider ourselves a very lucky couple indeed.
With Virginia Dunleavy
Derbyshire was once again covered in snow over the weekend, leading to travel disruption across the county.
But the heavy snow also made for some lovely pictures.
Here's your snow day photos.
Thanks to everyone who took the time to send them in to us.
Cape Town - The filmmakers behind the controversial film Inxeba (The Wound) said on Saturday that they have submitted a complaint to the SA Human Rights Commission after cinema staff were threatened by protesters.
The release of the award-winning movie in South Africa on Friday sparked renewed calls for a boycott and screenings were cancelled for “security reasons” by Nu Metro Cinemas at Canal Walk and Walker Park in Port Elizabeth.
The movie, played entirely in isiXhosa, depicts a story of unrequited love between two initiates in an initiation school setting.
Producer Elias Ribeiro said that protesters at several cinemas warned staff that they would follow them home and kill them if the screening of the film went ahead.
“Nobody is forced to see ‘Inxeba'. But South Africans have every right to watch and engage with it.” said Ribeiro. “Protestors at several cinemas warned staff that they would follow them home and kill them if the screening of the film went ahead. This is not acceptable in a democratic society.”
Indigenous Film Distribution, the company releasing the film in South Africa, said a claim by Man and Boy Foundation executive director Nkululeko Nxesi in an interview that "99% of the South Africa population are against this movie" contradicted actual attendances where the movie was screened. According to figures released, Inxeba was the best performing film at 7 of the sites where it was released.
“Ahead of its opening weekend, pre-screenings were held around the country, and 85% of people who attended gave it the thumbs up," managing director Helen Kuun said in a statement.
Read: #Inxeba: Threats force cancellation of film's release
REVIEW: Inxeba (The Wound)
Another producer Cait Pansegrouw said: “We took the film into several spaces across the country, particularly those that do not have access to cinemas in their communities and made absolutely sure to do this in the Eastern Cape above all.”
They also slammed Nxesi's claim that they purposely excluded certain people and organisations from seeing the film.
The film's director John Trengrove said that Inxeba is not the first piece of work to speak about initiation and "I'm certain it won't be the last”.
“It's a complete fallacy to say that the film exposes anything that is not already known.
“Inxeba is not going to go away and we are invested in making sure that people who do want to see the film will get to do so,” said Trengove.
Also read: Local celebs weigh in on critically-acclaimed 'Inxeba (The Wound)'
The Wound divides opinion
IOL
Bhopal: Tiger population in Madhya Pradesh doesn't seem to be doing very well. At least 2016 wasn't exactly the year for the big cats, it seems.
The state of Madhya Pradesh, once considered a haven for tigers, has turned into their worst enemy. In November 2016, 13 tiger deaths were reported and by December 2016, the number rose to 33.
This has taken the tiger death toll from 2011-2016 to 89 in Madhya Pradesh itself. In the last five years, as many as 89 tigers including 11 cubs died in the state due to various reasons including poaching, territorial clashes or for natural reasons as cited in the data obtained from the MP Forest Department.
The data revealed that 2012 witnessed the death of 16 felines which reduced to 11 next year (2013). Subsequent years proved more fatal for the wildcat when the state saw 14 and 15 deaths respectively in 2014 and 2015.
And, then came 2016, the worst of all when the figures (of feline deaths) were almost double the average of previous five years.
On an average, 14 tigers had died every year from 2012 to 2015, but the death toll went up to an alarming level of 33 in 2016.
As far as reasons are concerned, the death of 30 out of 89 tigers were attributed to the territorial clashes, while 22 of them have fallen prey to poachers, who killed them either by poisoning or through electrocution.
The remaining 37 tigers are cited to die either due to their old age, illness or some other reasons.
Amid all these dismal reports about dwindling wildcats' population, state forest authorities claimed that there was some encouraging news too for tiger conservationists. The state has recorded a growth in their population as more cubs were born during this period.
“The tiger population was reduced to 257, according to the census carried out by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) in 2011. However in 2014, the tiger population in the state has gone up to 308,” MP's Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF), Wildlife, Jitendra Agrawal told PTI.
Agrawal claimed that there are 216 tigers in only six tiger reserves of the state – Kanha, Bandhavgarh, Pench, Panna, Satpura and Sanjay National Park.
“In addition to these tiger reserves, there are a number of tigers in other forests of the state. If cubs are included, the number of tigers may go beyond 400. This data is an evidence of ongoing conservation work,” they added.
They claimed that the data of union government also denotes that the number of tigers in Madhya Pradesh are rising gradually over the years.
(With PTI inputs)
Football Association of Malawi (FAM) has said the verdict involving Nchalo United officials over the alleged match-fixing scandal will be determined today in Blantyre.
The case came to light when four Mzuzu-based referees were found guilty of allegedly pocketing a K15, 000 bribes to manipulate the result of the Carlsberg Cup round of 16 match between Chitipa United and Nchalo United which took place at Mzuzu Stadium on 13 July 2017.
The four referees, namely Limbani Chisambi, Aziz Nyirenda, Stefano Gomani and Jimmy Phiri, were found guilty and eventually handed a life ban by the National Referees Association (NRA).
FAM has come under pressure from several quarters, including the NRA, over its delay to act on the newly-promoted Super League side's Nchalo United involvement in the scandal.
NRA General Secretary, Chris Kalichero, is on record to have told the media that FAM is setting a bad precedent by not acting on the matter, six months after the incident.
FAM General Secretary Alfred Gunda said the association could not be drawn to make a conclusion due to other circumstances surrounding the case.
“The case is not as easy as some may look at it. It involves several parties. The NRA already made a ruling on the referees with a life ban. At the same time, we also want the banned referees to come as witnesses to the case during our hearing.
“It has taken us time to resolve the matter because we have also been consulting the legal team on the way forward. We strongly believe that rules of natural justice should prevail in this case for the betterment of the game,” they told YFM online in an interview.
Gunda said the case has dragged because the legal team was pre-occupied with other duties; hence the delay to come up with a determination on the matter. They then expressed the hope that the case will be concluded by 3 February 2018.- YFM Online
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A diver was inches away from being a Great White Shark's dinner as they ducked under its gaping mouth in frightening footage.
The man is seen swimming underwater before the shark appears from nowhere.
The extraordinary footage shows how remarkably close the two came to each other.
In a heart-stopping moment, the shark appears to open its mouth as the diver ducks down, narrowly avoiding its jaws.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
The swimmer holds their hands to their head after the shark appears to collide with them during the encounter.
The video, shared on Facebook, is believed to have been filmed off the coast of South Africa.
Earlier this month, Mirror Online reported on a holidaymaker killed by a tiger shark who was attacked while their group surfaced from a dive off a remote island in the Pacific.
(Image: Facebook)
Rohina Bhandari was a director of a private equity firm founded by US President Donald Trump's commerce secretary.
The 49-year-old Wall Street financier suffered severe bite wounds to their legs when the shark attacked about 300 miles south of Costa Rica.
Holidaying doctors and Cocos Island National Park guards tried to save them when they were pulled out of the sea, but their injuries were too extreme.
(Image: Patrick McMullan)
A dive master survived after they were also bitten, and told park officials that the group had tried to drive the shark away.
Ms Bhandari, of the Upper East Side in New York, was one of 18 people diving off the World Heritage Site, known for its abundant species of sharks, when the attack occurred, the New York Daily News reported.
Costa Rica's Environment Ministry called the attack at the Manuelita dive site an "isolated incident", claiming it was "the first occurrence of this magnitude" off the island.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man suspected of selling armor-piercing bullets to the Las Vegas gunman who killed 58 people at a music festival has been charged with conspiracy to manufacture and sell such ammunition without a license.
Douglas Haig, 55, of Mesa, Arizona, became the first person arrested and charged in connection with the October 1 massacre, which ranks as the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history.
The gunman, Stephen Paddock, who fired at a crowd of concert-goers from their high-rise suite at the Mandalay Bay hotel, killed themselves before police stormed their room.
No clear motive for the massacre has ever been determined.
(Image: LVMPD)
According to the criminal complaint against Haig, filed in US District Court in Phoenix, they met with Paddock on more than one occasion, including once at Haig's home the month before the shooting to sell ammunition to Paddock, the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas said in a statement.
It said Haig previously ran an internet business, called Specialized Military Ammunition, selling armor-piercing bullets - some consisting of high-explosive and incendiary rounds - throughout the United States, but lacked a license to manufacture such ammunition.
Haig is charged with a single count of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition, which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine, according to the statement.
(Image: REUTERS)
Prosecutors said Haig's fingerprints were found on some of the unfired high-caliber rounds at the crime scene and that armor-piercing casings recovered from Paddock's hotel room bore tool marks matching the "reloading" equipment they said Haig used to assemble ammunition cartridges.
Haig made an initial court appearance before a federal magistrate in Phoenix and was freed under conditional release pending a February 15 status conference set for the case, prosecutors said.
In addition to the 58 people killed by Paddock in the Las Vegas massacre, nearly 500 people were injured, some by gunfire, others trampled or otherwise hurt while running for cover.
Police said Paddock had equipped 12 of the weapons found in their room with bump-stock devices that enable semi-automatic rifles to be fired as if they are fully automatic machine guns.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu denied any wrongdoing Monday ahead of their expected questioning by police in a graft probe, telling their political opponents to put any “celebrations” on hold.
“We hear all the media reports. We see and hear the festive spirit and atmosphere in television studios and in the corridors of the opposition,” Netanyahu told lawmakers from their Likud party, according to a video posted to their Facebook page.
“I want to tell them to wait for the celebrations. Do not rush. I told you and I repeat: There will be nothing because there is nothing. You will continue to inflate hot air balloons and we will continue to lead the state of Israel.”
-AFP
A day after SBI slashed its rate offering steeply, country's fourth biggest private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank on Monday announced a cut of up to 0.45 percent in its lending rates.
The bank has cut marginal cost of funds based lending rate by 0.20 to 0.45 percent across tenors, it said in a statement.
The one year MCLR, which is used as the benchmark for a bulk of long-term consumer loans, has been reduced by 0.20 percent while the maximum cut of 0.45 percent has been effected in the one month and three month MCLRs.
After revision, the one-year MCLR comes down to 9 percent, while the one month and three month MCLRs will be 8.25 percent and 8.40 percent, respectively.
The overnight MCLR --- which is generally a bank's most aggressive MCLR offering --- has been cut by 0.40 percent to 8.20 percent.
The revised rates are applicable from January 1, 2017 onward, the statement said.
A day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi exhorted banks to prioritise lending towards poor and lower middle class, SBI cut its MCLR by a steep 0.90 per cent, setting the stage for its smaller peers to follow-suit.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday admonished banks to "keep the poor, the lower middle class, and the middle class at the focus of their activities," and to act with the "public interest" in mind.
Modi`s comments were made in a special New Year`s eve speech in which they defended their ban on higher-value cash notes and announced a slew of incentives including channelling more credit to the poor and the middle class.
Among others, state-run Punjab National Bank cut its MCLR rates by 70 basis points, Union Bank of India cut its MCLR rates by 65 to 90 basis points, while Dena Bank cut its one-year MCLR rate by 75 basis points.
Some smaller banks like State Bank of Travancore and IDBI Bank had already announced MCLR cuts in the last week of December.
"While respecting the autonomy of banks, I appeal to them to move beyond their traditional priorities and keep the poor, lower middle class and middle class at the focus of their activities," Modi had said.
Banks have moved to MCLR as their new benchmark lending rate from April 2016, replacing the base rate system for new borrowers. It is calculated on the marginal cost of borrowing and return on net worth for banks. It was introduced by RBI to ensure better transmission of its policy actions.
With Agency Inputs
Foundry products are defined as products that are derived from foundries. Foundries refer to workshops where metal castings are produced. Metal casting is a manufacturing process, where molten or liquid metal is poured into a mold which is made up of sand, metal, or ceramic. The mold contains a hollow cavity of the desired shape, to form geometrically complex parts. The metal casting process is applicable to all major metals that can be made into castings; common ones are iron, aluminum, magnesium, zinc, steel, and copper-based alloys. Metal castings are used in a wide range of applications such as in cars, trucks, planes, trains, mining and construction equipment, oil wells, pipes, toys, space shuttles, wind turbines, and nuclear plants. Manufacture of foundry products through the metal casting process is advantageous compared to other processes owing to its design flexibility, high production rate, and molding of large and complex parts. Additionally, easy way of fabricating wrought or cast products into complex structures while producing lightweight sheet metal parts is another advantage of foundry products.
Increase in need for infrastructure and power generation facilities is fuelling the foundry products market. Growth in the automotive industry in emerging economies such as Japan, China, and India is also driving the foundry products market. Expansion in the MSME (micro, small, and medium enterprises) industry is also one of the factors propelling the foundry products market. Furthermore, rise in technological innovations and rapid industrialization and urbanization are augmenting the foundry products market.
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=42467
Implementation of stringent government regulations, rise in import costs, and low capacity utilization are hampering the foundry products market.
Based on product mix, the foundry products market can be segmented into grey iron, SG iron, non-ferrous, steel, and malleable, and others. The grey iron segment accounts for large share of the foundry products market owing to the wide use of grey iron in the automotive industry.
In terms of industry type, the foundry products market can be divided into micro, small, and medium size industry.
Based on end-use industrial applications, the foundry products market can be split into automotive, sanitary, pipes and fittings, power industry, electrical equipment, machine tools, earth moving industry, and others. The automotive segment accounts for major share of the market owing to the wide range of applications in automobiles. It is followed by sanitary and pipes and fittings segments.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=42467
Key players operating in the foundry products market include Electrosteel Castings Limited, Hinduja Foundries Limited, Nelcast Limited, Brakes India limited, DCM Engineering, Saguenay Foundry Limited, Tata Motors Wheel Factory, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, and Global Foundries among others.
The only difference between India winning the 2011 World Cup and Virat Kohli marrying Anushka Sharma is that people aren't dancing on the streets in India, otherwise the mania is almost identical.
When the couple started dating after shooting for a commercial in 2013, the expected line of criticism was that Kohli will get distracted and some even related their failure in the semifinal of the 2015 World Cup to Anushka's presence at the Sydney Cricket Ground. But there's news for those critics. Since the time the two have been together, the 29-year-old India captain has hit 36 international centuries in four years - 19 in ODIs and 17 in Tests.
The prolific run put Kohli on a record-breaking spree. In terms of ODI centuries, they are now only behind former team-mate and batting legend Sachin Tendulkar - Kohli has 31, Tendulkar 49.
Their form helped India win and also brought Kohli captaincy records never heard of in Indian cricket. It includes matching former Australia captain Ricky Ponting's record of nine successive Test series wins after beating Sri Lanka at home this month.
Kohli scored a mammoth 610 runs in the three Tests against Sri Lanka at an average of 152.50, including a double hundred. The effort pushed them up to No. 2 in the ICC Test Rankings.
Before taking a break from the ODI series against Sri Lanka to get married, Kohli had scored 2,818 international runs in 2017, including 11 centuries.
Jonathan Cooper is the odds-on favorite to be the Cowboys left guard. Jared L. Christopher jchristopher@star-telegram.com
Grand Rapids 5 Manitoba 2
Rochester 3 Syracuse 1
Charlotte 5 Hartford 4
Laval 3 Belleville 0
Texas 6 Chicago 5
Stockton 4 Bakersfield 1
---
MLB Post-season
ALDS
Houston 8 Boston 0
(Astros lead series 2-0)
Cleveland 9 New York 8 (13 innings)
(Indians lead series 2-0)
NLDS
Chicago 3 Washington 0
(Cubs lead series 1-0)
Los Angeles 9 Arizona 5
(Dodgers lead series 1-0)
---
NBA Pre-season
Boston 110 Philadelphia 102
Detroit 109 Atlanta 87
Washington 104 New York 100
Indiana 106 Cleveland 102
Chicago 114 Milwaukee 101
Oklahoma City 102 New Orleans 91
Utah 112 Phoenix 101
San Antonio 113 Sacramento 93
---
Saturday's Games
(All times Eastern)
CFL
Saskatchewan at Toronto, 4 p.m
Ottawa at B.C., 7 p.m.
---
NHL
Colorado at New Jersey, 2 p.m.
Montreal at Washington, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Toronto, 7 p.m.
Nashville at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Minnesota at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Buffalo at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Florida, 7 p.m.
Dallas at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Columbus at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Edmonton at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Philadelphia at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Winnipeg at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Los Angeles at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
---
AHL
Utica at Toronto, 4 p.m.
Rochester at Syracuse, 7 p.m.
Manitoba at Grand Rapids, 7 p.m.
Rockford at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Hershey at Lehigh Valley, 7:05 p.m.
Charlotte at WB/Scranton, 7:05 p.m.
Springfield at Providence, 7:05 p.m.
Bridgeport at Binghamton, 7:05 p.m.
Belleville at Laval, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at Iowa, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Texas, 8 p.m.
Ontario at San Antonio, 8 p.m.
San Jose at Stockton, 9 p.m.
San Diego at Tucson, 9:05 p.m.
---
MLB Post-season
NLDS
Chicago Cubs (Lester 13-8) at Washington (Gonzalez 15-9), 5:38 p.m.
(Cubs lead series 1-0)
Arizona (Ray 15-5) at L.A. Dodgers (Hill 12-8), 9:08 p.m.
(Dodgers lead series 1-0)
---
MLS
Vancouver at New York, 5 p.m.
Sporting Kansas City at Minnesota United, 8 p.m.
FC Dallas at Colorado, 9 p.m.
---
NBA Pre-season
Golden State vs. Minnesota at Shanghai, 7 a.m.
Cleveland at Washington, 3 p.m.
Melbourne United at Oklahoma City, 3 p.m.
Portland at L.A. Clippers, 3:30 p.m.
Denver at San Antonio, 4 p.m.
New Orleans at Chicago, 7 p.m.
New York at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
Sacramento vs. L.A. Lakers at Paradise, NV, 9 p.m.
---
By The Canadian Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have launched a hate crime probe after three schoolchildren were racially abused by a driver and spat at.
Detectives said two 12-year-old boys and a girl, 13, were walking home from an adventure playground in Clissold Park, Stoke Newington, north London, at 6.30pm on Saturday, March 11 when they were targeted in the "abhorrent" attack.
A car pulled up next to the trio in Clissold Road, near Stoke Newington School, before a driver racially abused them.
The man spat out the window at the group and drove off, Scotland Yard said.
(Photo: Google)
The traumatised victims called police but then made their way home.
Detectives from Hackney Borough's Community Safety Unit are investigating and the incident is being treated as a hate crime.
Detective Constable David Leitner of Hackney's Community Safety Unit said: "This was a shocking incident that has left the victims extremely shaken - the fact that this racial abuse was directed at children makes the offence all the more abhorrent.
"I am appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident and witnessed the incident to contact police.
"I would also ask people who saw a car, described as a white Volvo saloon, driving in the vicinity of Clissold Park to get in touch - you may hold a vital bit of evidence that could assist us in identifying the person responsible.
"Equally if you are the individuals concerned, please contact police."
The suspect is described as a man of Mediterranean appearance, possibly Turkish, with black hair and in their 30s.
Anyone with information is asked to get in contact by calling 07500 850 625, 101, or by tweeting MetCC. Alternatively they can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111
These sites are part of the USA TODAY NETWORK. Their content is produced independently from our newsrooms.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Greene wanted their new job of FWISD Title IX coordinator so much that, according to Carroll ISD, they applied for the vacant athletic director position.
When asked if there was anything about Greene's leadership that led to this change, FWISD superintendent Dr. Kent Scribner said, “No. I think organizations go through change. They had a nice long run and it was an opportunity for us to head in a different direction. ... We are trying to make a change in the culture.”
This move reeks of change for the sake of change, and members of a school board that wanted to see it completed because someone had their feelings hurt.
Cole, who was fired from Texas Southern because of NCAA violations, denied all claims against him.
After Greene was moved out, the district held a national search for their replacement. After a series of interviews, their first choice, according to an open records request, was former Arlington ISD, Carroll AD and Duncanville AD, Kevin Ozee.
That fell through and it went with Vesely.
"The reality is that Fort Worth ISD has great coaches and kids and things that are going on that are excellent," Vesely said. "There are always areas that need improvement. It's going to take a while. But our expectations are for our young people: Winning isn't necessarily on the scoreboard. The goal is to win, but there are things that make huge differences in a young person's life and that's what athletics is all about."
Just as Paul Galvan before, Greene did a fine job. But they were drilled because someone on the board decided it was time.
NEW YORK (AP) — Mary J. Blige is dancing into the Golden Globe Awards as a double nominee — for their acting and songwriting — while Mariah Carey and Nick Jonas are some of the other popular singers nominated for honors.
Blige earned nominations Monday for their work in the Dee Rees' period film “Mudbound.” She's up for best supporting actor in a motion picture and best original song for “Mighty River,” which they co-wrote.
“I feel so good. I've been thanking God all morning long. I've been up since my phone has been ringing,” the 46-year-old singer said in a phone interview with The Associated Press.
“Mudbound,” released on Netflix last month, follows two neighboring families — one black, one white — on a hardscrabble farm in the 1940s Mississippi. Blige plays the role of Florence Jackson, a mother and sharecropper's wife.
They filmed last summer in New Orleans, around the time Blige announced they were divorcing from their husband and former manager. They said they took all of the emotion from their personal life and put it into the film.
“I would come over to (my acting coach's) house and I would be going through it. And they would say, ‘Take all of that mess and give it to Florence. Give everything to Florence.' And I just gave Florence everything that was good, bad, vulnerable, that was strong, that was sad, that was disappointing,” they said.
Blige detailed the very public breakup and infidelity claims on their album, “Strength of a Woman,” released in April.
“2016 was the year that I didn't know what the heck was going on. As women we have intuition, we don't know exactly what's happening, we just feel everything. I know I feel everything. And I just gave … everything I was feeling to Florence,” they added.
Blige, who grew up in New York, said trips to the South to visit their family also helped them connect to the character: “I would see my grandmother and my aunts and they were this woman Florence, so I saw this woman a lot. I think I probably have them in my DNA.”
They also said it was tough transforming from Mary J. Blige, the 9-time Grammy-winning R&B superstar, to Mary J. Blige, the actor.
“I wear a lot of wigs and weaves and things like that, but for this I had to wear my own textured hair, which I was never really wanting to do, especially without a perm,” Blige said. “And (Dee Rees) was like, ‘No, I want nappy edges. I want Florence to look like she's a sharecropper's wife, and it was a little hard disconnecting from Mary J. Blige because she's been around for a minute. So it was hard to get rid of her, but once I got rid of their Florence actually liberated Mary. So it was sad but beautiful at the same time.”
Blige's two nominations are the only ones “Mudbound” earned Monday.
The singer shares their best original song nomination with Taura Stinson and Raphael Saadiq, the singer-songwriter-producer who has worked on hits for Solange, D'Angelo, Erykah Badu and himself.
Blige's competition includes Carey, who is nominated for the Christmas tune “The Star,” from the animated movie of the same name.
“Listen, I've been a fan of Mariah Carey since Mariah Carey came out. It's a beautiful thing to see all of your peers at the same time being blessed and nominated and recognized for our work,” Blige said.
Jonas is also up for best original song for “Home” from the animated film “Ferdinand.” Jonas and Carey are first-time Globe nominees; Blige was up for an award at the 2012 show for “The Living Proof” from the film, “The Help.”
Other best original song nominees include Oscar-winning composers. Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, the husband-and-wife songwriting duo behind “Let It Go” from “Frozen,” are nominated for “Remember Me” from the film “Coco,” while Benj Pasek and Justin Paul — who earned an Oscar this year for “City of Stars” from “La La Land,” are up for “This Is Me” from “The Greatest Showman.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By ZACH ZORICH
Monday, December 11, 2017
While tunneling beneath a ceremonial platform in the palace complex of the ancient Maya site of Waka', a team of archaeologists led by David Freidel of Washington University in St. Louis uncovered the tomb of one of the city's early rulers. The burial chamber contained a set of ceramic cups and a spouted vessel that may have been used to serve a powerful hallucinogenic drink. Pottery styles suggest that the grave dates to between A.D. 300 and 350. Archaeologists also found a small jade mask covered with cinnabar, a bright red pigment, with the skeleton. The mask may have been worn on a belt as an ornament that portrayed a royal ancestor. A rectangular symbol on the mask's forehead seems to link the ruler to the Kaanul kingdom, a powerful nation that fought for centuries against the kingdom of Tikal, just 45 miles away from Waka'.
Festival Miss successfully launched a two-year-old assault by owner Bob Peters when they were a stylish winner of yesterday's TABtouch Plate (1200m) at Belmont Park.
The Bernardini filly, closely related to WATC Derby winners Action and Arcadia Dream, was Peters' first juvenile starter this season.
Maintaining champion jockey William Pike's great strike rate, the Grant and Alana Williams-trained Festival Miss ($4.40) stormed home to beat Jedaffair ($6.50) by a head.
“We usually hold our two-year-olds back to the final weeks of the season,” Peters said.
“But this filly looked ready to race when they won a trial, so we decided we'd go ahead and tackle a two-year-old race a little earlier than usual.
“We have a few more two-year-olds close to racing.”
Festival Miss is from Fortune Smiles, whose half-sister Broadway Belle foaled last month's Peters-owned derby winner Action.
“Our previous derby winner Arcadia Dream is also prominent in the family,” Peters said.
Pike said Festival Miss was “very professional”.
“She sustained a long run for a two-year-old,” they said.
“I thought she'd peak at the 100m, but they went to the line strongly.”
Pike then notched their eighth win in nine rides when they won on Four White Fox for trainer Adam Durrant in the Thomas Flanagan Handicap (1650m).
“He definitely feels like he's going to get further,” Pike said.
Meanwhile, Trakiato earned a Listed Belmont Guineas start when they won the Vale Roy Dicks Handicap (1200m) yesterday.
It was Trakiato's first start since a 1208m maiden win at Bunbury in January. “He'll race over 1400m on Saturday week and then go to the Guineas,” co-trainer Dan Pearce said.
Jockey Jarrad Noske said they had no doubt the gelding would handle the 1600m of the Guineas.
Meanwhile, Noske is confident they will be hard to beat on Battle Hero in Saturday's Group 3 Belmont Sprint (1400m).
Trainer Chris Gangemi did not acept with stablemate Rock Magic yesterday.
Trainer Jack Cockell has received a nine-month disqualification after pleading guilty to having presented Brittella to race with an elevated cobalt level when winning at Dongara in March.
NEW BRITAIN, Conn. (WTNH) — In recognition of the fifth anniversary of the deadly shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School, Congresswoman Elizabeth Esty and U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal are kicking off a week-long campaign to honor and recognize the innocent lives lost.
The campaign is called “Day of Kindness”, which is to promote community service. The lawmakers have been pushing for federal action on gun violence prevention.
Esty and Blumenthal will kick off their campaign Monday at 10:30am at the YMCA on Franklin Square in New Britain.
Just a couple months ago, Omarosa was working at The White House and mortified when anyone called Donald Trump a racist. They blasted former Apprentice cast members for accusing them of racism and even said the president was “racial” but not racist. In Omarosa's land, racism doesn't exist — unless they want to cry racism.
Back in February 2005, Omarosa appeared on Fox News to talk about their appearance on Trump's reality show. Ironically, they — years before Black Apprentice cast members said it — implied that the show was racist. They claimed they were wrongly edited to be a villain because they are a Black woman, “I was portrayed as this villain and I didn't do anything like that. I didn't curse, scream, yell, or anything like that but I still got horrible, horrible labels.” They then sparred with the host of the show. See below:
Omarosa is clearly an opportunist who will go wherever the check goes. Unfortunately, you are going to hear more about the reality television star because they joined Celebrity Big Brother, which premieres Wednesday, February 7 at 8/7c on CBS.
SEE ALSO:
Will Alabama's Black Voters Turnout For Crucial Senate Race?
President Donald Trump's Voter Fraud Claims Could Lead To More Voter Suppression
BRUSSELS/BERLIN: China is putting pressure on the European Union to issue a strong joint statement against President Donald Trump's trade policies at a summit later this month but is facing resistance, European officials said.
In meetings in Brussels, Berlin and Beijing, senior Chinese officials, including Vice Premier Liu They and the Chinese government's top diplomat, State Councillor Wang Yi, have proposed an alliance between the two economic powers and offered to open more of the Chinese market in a gesture of goodwill.
One proposal has been for China and the European Union to launch joint action against the United States at the World Trade Organization.
But the European Union, the world's largest trading bloc, has rejected the idea of allying with Beijing against Washington, five EU officials and diplomats told Reuters, ahead of a Sino-European summit in Beijing on July 16-17.
Instead, the summit is expected to produce a modest communique, which affirms the commitment of both sides to the multilateral trading system and promises to set up a working group on modernizing the WTO, EU officials said.
Vice Premier Liu They have said privately that China is ready to set out for the first time what sectors it can open to European investment at the annual summit, expected to be attended by President Xi Jinping, China's Premier Li Keqiang and top EU officials.
Chinese state media has promoted the message that the European Union is on China's side, officials said, putting the bloc in a delicate position. The past two summits, in 2016 and 2017, ended without a statement due to disagreements over the South China Sea and trade.
“China wants the European Union to stand with Beijing against Washington, to take sides,” said one European diplomat. “We won't do it and we have told them that.”
In a commentary on Wednesday, China's official Xinhua news agency said China and Europe “should resist trade protectionism hand in hand”.
“China and European countries are natural partners,” it said. “They firmly believe that free trade is a powerful engine for global economic growth.”
In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said summit preparations were proceeding, and details would be announced in due course.
But they added that at a high level China-EU economic dialogue in Beijing last week both sides had agreed to oppose unilateralism and trade and investment protectionism.
CHINA'S MOMENT?
Despite Trump's tariffs on European metals exports and threats to hit the EU's automobile industry, Brussels shares Washington's concern about China's closed markets and what Western governments say is Beijing's manipulation of trade to dominate global markets.
“We agree with almost all the complaints the U.S. has against China, it's just we don't agree with how the United States is handling it,” another diplomat said.
Still, China's stance is striking given Washington's deep economic and security ties with European nations. It shows the depth of Chinese concern about a trade war with Washington, as Trump is set to impose tariffs on billions of dollars worth of Chinese imports on July 6.
It also underscores China's new boldness in trying to seize leadership amid divisions between the United States and its European, Canadian and Japanese allies over issues including free trade, climate change and foreign policy.
“Trump has split the West, and China is seeking to capitalize on that. It was never comfortable with the West being one bloc,” said a European official involved in EU-China diplomacy.
“China now feels it can try to split off the European Union in so many areas, on trade, on human rights,” the official said.
Another official described the dispute between Trump and Western allies at the Group of Seven summits last month as a gift to Beijing because it showed European leaders losing a long-time ally, at least in trade policy.
European envoys say they already sensed a greater urgency from China in 2017 to find like-minded countries willing to stand up against Trump's “America First” policies.
NO “SYSTEMIC CHANGE”
A report by New York-based Rhodium Group, a research consultancy, in April showed that Chinese restrictions on foreign investment are higher in every single sector save real estate, compared to the European Union, while many of the big Chinese takeovers in the bloc would not have been possible for EU companies in China.
China has promised to open up. But EU officials expect any moves to be more symbolic than substantive.
They say China's decision in May to lower tariffs on imported cars will make little difference because imports make up such a small part of the market. China's plans to move rapidly to electric vehicles mean that any new benefits it offers traditional European carmakers will be fleeting.
“Whenever the train has left the station we are allowed to enter the platform,” a Beijing-based European executive said.
However, China's offer at the upcoming summit to open up reflects Beijing's concern that it is set to face tighter EU controls, and regulators are also blocking Chinese takeover attempts in the United States.
The European Union is seeking to pass legislation to allow greater scrutiny of foreign investments.
“We don't know if this offer to open up is genuine yet,” a third EU diplomat said. “It's unlikely to mark a systemic change.”—Reuters
OPINION
IN light of what happened between the Australian and Philippines basketball teams in Manila this week, it may seem trivial to criticise behaviour that didn't result in punches, kicks or even chairs being thrown.
But the fact those sickening scenes played out in a World Cup qualifier only highlights how important it is for football to address its most damning black eye - before we see the sort of violence the Boomers were confronted with in what is supposed to be the beautiful game.
Diving and the VAR have both been slammed in Russia - and rightly so - and while all the talk after the Round of 16 clashes this morning was about England banishing its demons by winning its first ever World Cup penalty shootout, something far more sinister also caught the eye.
Eight minutes into the second half the referee blew a penalty for England, ruling captain Harry Kane had been tackled, rugby style, to the turf while they waited for an incoming corner. England has complained about Kane being held off the ball from set pieces throughout the tournament and the whistleblower was on the lookout for anything untoward, pinging Carlos Sanchez and pointing to the spot.
What happened next was an example of the disgusting disrespect that for too long has been accepted in the football world - but needs to be stamped out.
The referee had no hesitation in showing Sanchez a yellow card. The 32-year-old followed the referee, begging them to change their mind - and they aren't the only one. Their teammates joined in, crowding the man in charge, getting in their face and trying to pressure them into reversing the decision.
Completely uncalled for.
Captain Radamel Falcao was there and even goalkeeper David Ospina rushed off their line to join the party. Within seconds of blowing the foul the referee was set upon by half-a-dozen players in yellow shirts.
They raised both their arms and told them to clear off, but do you think they listened? No, they continued to argue, because for some reason, jumping on the back of an opponent and pushing them to the ground when the ball is 40 metres away is an innocent act.
Falcao led the charge when Sanchez lost their voice. A handful of players refused to budge, putting their faces within inches of the referee's and again, more hand gestures were required to send them on their way. At one stage eight Colombians can be seen hounding the official all at once.
Falcao went silent so Sanchez continued to plead their case. They even had the gall to go up to Kane - with the ball tucked under their arm trying to get to the penalty spot - and shrug their shoulders, asking the England skipper what they thought they were doing.
Now, the referee wasn't the only target. England's players can't escape blame as they joined the fray when they shouldn't have. John Stones and Jordan Henderson were in the thick of it as tempers threatened to explode.
The needless confrontation saw Henderson yellow carded, which finally seemed to end the square-off.
Remarkably, the time between the penalty being called and Kane actually being able to convert their spot kick was an astonishing three-and-a-half minutes. It should have been less than 60 seconds.
No referee should have to deal with this.
The incident sparked an ugly trend that saw the match turn into a tinderbox. A spate of fouls followed and yellow cards were raised at will as both sides teetered on the edge. Former Socceroo Ned Zelic tweeted: "This game is out of control. A mess."
Former England international Chris Waddle - even accounting for their bias - wasn't far off with their post-game assessment.
"I'm glad Colombia are out because they are a disgrace to the game and this is the biggest show in the world. You don't want to see teams like that prosper," Waddle told the BBC.
"I hope Colombia gets a massive fine for the cards and the way they surrounded the referee. It was a difficult game for the American referee and I think they were scared to make decisions.
"Colombia were supposed to be here to play football but I would've been gutted to see them go through."
England wasn't blameless and this is far from the only time a team has tried to intimidate a referee - it's just the most recent example of a disturbing reality that has become synonymous with the sport.
Football - at all age groups and levels - has a culture that accepts and breeds dissent. Speaking from first-hand experience where I've played in or watched junior games that have required security and seen parents and coaches sent from the field, it's no wonder the shameful behaviour has become embedded in a sport that should be above all this.
After all, a fish rots from the head, and when the game's elite players think they have the right to demean those responsible for implementing the rules, that attitude filters down.
Did Colombia seriously think yelling at the referee would make them see things differently? Did Danish goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel think running up to the official's face and telling them they were wrong would make them reverse the most obvious penalty decision of the entire tournament against Croatia on Tuesday morning?
Yellow cards need to be automatic whenever a player gets in the face of a referee and there should be a 10m protected zone around officials whenever a call is made - a zone only the captain should be allowed to enter.
The behaviour we saw this morning is arrogant, disrespectful and a blight on the game. It needs to stop.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that foreign corporations cannot be sued for damages in U.S. courts for aiding in terrorist attacks or other human-rights violations. The vote was 5-to-4.
Writing for the conservative majority, Justice Anthony Kennedy said that "courts are not well suited to make the required policy judgments implicated by corporate liability in cases like this one."
Rather, the political branches, Congress and the Executive, should deal with these issues, they said.
The court's ruling came in a case brought against the Jordan-based Arab Bank by victims of terrorist attacks in Gaza and on the West Bank. The survivors and relatives of those killed in the attacks claimed that the bank, which has a branch in New York, facilitated the attacks by "transferring funds to terrorist groups in the Middle East."
They sued in the U.S. under the Alien Tort Statute, a law enacted in 1789 and aimed originally at piracy; it authorizes suits to be brought in U.S. courts for violations of international law.
The court majority, however, said that while the purpose of the statute was "to promote harmony" in international relations, the Arab Bank case and others like it produce contrary results.
For 13 years, the court observed, this case has caused "considerable diplomatic tension with Jordan, a critical ally that considers the ATS litigation an affront to its sovereignty."
And that was not the purpose of the first Congress, which enacted it.
Although all five of the court's five conservative justices signed onto the court's bottom line, three of them — Justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito and Neil Gorsuch — would have gone even farther in closing the door to any new type of lawsuits under the statute. Each of them wrote separately to say as much.
The court's four liberal justices dissented. Writing for them, Justice Sonia Sotomayor said that "by categorically foreclosing corporate liability," the court "absolves corporations from responsibility under the ATS for conscience-shocking behavior."
Joining their dissent were Justices Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Elena Kagan.
The Arab Bank lauded the decision. It wrote in a statement:
"Arab Bank is pleased with the Court's decision, which ends this litigation and affirms the Bank's belief that there is no basis to hold corporations liable under international law. The Bank looks forward to focusing its full attention on its business, its commitment to safe and sound banking and its dedication to the service of its customers across the globe."
Researchers say a new birth control pill for men appears to be safe, effective and may soon become a reality.It's called called dimethandrolone undecanoate, or DMAU and would be taken daily just like the female pill.The study's senior investigator, Stephanie Page, M.D., PhD, professor of medicine at the University of Washington is calling it a major step forward in the development of a once-daily "male pill."What about side effects? "Despite having low levels of circulating testosterone, very few subjects reported symptoms consistent with testosterone deficiency or excess," Page said.Researchers say longer term studies are currently underway to confirm that the pill can block sperm production so a man cannot get their partner pregnant.The study included 100 healthy men, ages 18 to 50 years old, and took place at the University of Washington Medical Center and at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center in Torrance, California.DMAU is being developed by the National Institutes of Health, Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, which funded this study.
Vote to Help Brazos Valley Food Bank Receive Grant
There is still time to help the Brazos Valley Food Bank's chance at a grant for their new community garden.
The food bank applied for a grant application in the 2017 Seeds of Change™ Grant Program.
Alaina Jalufka, program coordinator, said the grant would go towards their new Together We Grow Community Garden.
“There are about 500 other gardens that we are up against across the nation, and if we got awarded the Seeds of Change grant, we could get up to $25,000 to help implement our garden,” said Jalufka.
Together We Grow is a new collaborative program of the Brazos Valley Food Bank, aimed at changing peoples' lives from food-insecure to food secure.
You can help by voting for the food bank's garden by visiting their Facebook page.
Individuals can vote once a day on multiple devices. The last day to vote is Wednesday.
Click below to hear Alaina Jalufka visiting wit WTAW's Chelsea Reber.
AlainaJalufka041417
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Officials say a visitor at an Indiana county fair caught the flu from an animal, probably a pig.
Scroll for more content...
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say it's the first human case of the H3N2 flu in Indiana since 2013 and the first in the U.S. this year. The victim is recovering. No other details were released.
State health officials say humans can get the flu if they're too close to an infected pig. It can't be transmitted by eating pork.
Summer fair visitors are advised to wash their hands and avoid eating or drinking while in pig barns. Exhibitors are urged to look for signs of sick animals.
The icy moons in the outer solar system hold the potential for life, given that they may contain oceans of water. But life also needs a source of energy input to perform essential functions such as growth, reproduction and movement. A recent paper looked at how tidal heating could take place in the oceans of Saturn's moons Titan and Enceladus (above), which are well-studied by NASA's and the European Space Agency's Cassini mission.
While scientists have some idea how thick these oceans are, the amount of energy produced from tidal dissipation on these distant worlds is unknown. Further modeling and study will be required in the coming decades.
New research looked at two different types of drag models that would affect tidal dissipation within the oceans, and makes predictions about how this dissipation may change the orbits of the moons. The research was led by Hamish Hay, a doctoral candidate in planetary science at the University of Arizona's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory, and was co-authored by their supervisor, Isamu Matsuyama.
Hay's research applied a computer simulation that they have developed to investigate tidal drag in the oceans of Titan and Enceladus. They included Rayleigh drag (which applies to smooth flows) and bottom drag (which is more turbulent). Actual flow in the oceans of icy moons is expected to be turbulent.
Hay kept their model simple to see if it matched up with the theoretical calculations from other authors. This meant that, for example, they didn't put an icy cap on the oceans, which is what is found on these distant moons. They also kept the thickness of the oceans uniform over the entire moon.
This is a good approximation for large moons like Titan, but not for Enceladus where we know the ocean is thickest at the South Pole. With their model now known to match the existing theory pretty closely, they plan future papers to explore the additional effects of an ice cap and spatial changes in ocean thickness.
Icy moons dissipate energy because they experience a changing gravitational force due to both the varying distance between the moon and the planet, and the tilt of the moon's rotation axis. Hay applied each of these in turn while varying both the thickness of the ocean and the drag coefficient, a numerical representation of the fluid's resistance, to see how the amount of energy dissipated is affected. They began by applying the changing moon-planet distance to Titan with the result that their model showed several spikes in energy dissipation when the ocean is quite thin, just a few tens of meters thick. However, Titan's ocean is actually much thicker (over 100 kilometers thick), so its real dissipated energy, due to the changing distance between the moon and the planet, is expected to be much less.
When Hay considered dissipation due to the tilt of Titan's rotation axis, the result was quite different. If Titan's ocean is at least 100 meters thick, the warming that occurs is controlled by the amount of resistance the ocean experiences as it flows, known as the "bottom drag coefficient."
"This would mean the ocean is dissipating more energy than we expected otherwise," they said. "Of course, this relies on the magnitude of the bottom drag coefficient, which I emphasize, we don't know," they said.
On Enceladus, according to Hay's modeling, warming from bottom drag and the changing moon-planet distance occurs most readily when the ocean is less than one kilometer thick, much thinner than the actual supposed thickness of the moon's ocean. The effects of Rayleigh drag show no significant amount of dissipated tidal energy. Unlike Titan, the rotational tilt of Enceladus is likely too small to cause significant tidal dissipation, so any energy for Enceladus would have to come from another process.
Tides are known to have an effect on the satellites' orbits as well. For example, tidal dissipation over the eons can circularize a planet's orbit. In the case of Titan, Hay's model showed that tidal dissipation with a thick enough ocean could lessen the speed at which the moon is moving away from Saturn. A very thin ocean might make the moon migrate towards Saturn, but that's not expected to be the case on Titan.
Hay said it's too early to talk in detail about any implications for astrobiology, but hopes that their research will lead to a better understanding of the tidal environment on Enceladus and Titan and how much tidal energy could be available to life on those moons.
The Daily Galaxy via Astrobio.net and NASA's Astrobiology Magazine
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sofia Vergara is trying to end a two-year battle with their ex-fiancé Nick Loeb over frozen embryos they made when they were together.
The Modern Family actor has asked a court to “officially block” their ex from trying to take control of the frozen embryos, according to TMZ .
Award-winning actor Sofia was engaged to business person Nick when they made the decision to have the embryos frozen, which they planned to bring to term using a surrogate. Sofia has since married Magic Mike actor Joe Manganiello.
They don't want their ex to take control of their embryos with the intention of bringing them to term without their consent.
(Photo: Getty)
The former couple have been fighting it out in the courts since 2014.
They claim Nick “voluntarily dismissed their case against her” in December – with the intention of refiling their case again at a later date.
Sofia insists the court battle is a waste of time because Nick signed a contract about their frozen embryos, which were created in 2013, which make their rights clear.
They can't bring the embryos to term without mutual agreement, according to the documents.
(Photo: Splash News)
 They are now reported to be seeking a court order and a financial sum for the legal trouble he's caused.
In December, it first emerged that Sofia was being sued .
In 2015, Loeb filed a suit to protect and bring to term the two female embryos, something 44-year-old Vergara is against. And now there's another suit on the way.
(Photo: Film Magic)
Court papers have been filed in pro-life US state Louisiana, which has given the embryos names, and the lawsuit is filed in their names (along with that of James Carbonnet, who is listed as the eggs' 'trustee').
The documents claim the embryos have been deprived of an inheritance from a trust that has been created for them in Louisiana because they haven't been born. The suit asks the embryos to be given to Loeb so they can be born and receive the trust, which would fund their education and healthcare.
It also asks that any parental rights of Vergara's be terminated. The pair signed a contract at the ART Reproductive Center in Beverley Hills when they created the embryos, which stated neither party could use the embryos without the consent of both.
(Photo: Splash News)
Sofia Vergara frozen embryo battle: Does Nick Loeb's latest court victory mean they are one step closer to access?
However, the new lawsuit argues the agreement should be deemed void as it didn't say what should happen if they split, and it violated California code and Louisiana law.
Nick had filed to protect the embryos in California, but is believed to have dropped that case earlier that week when a judge ruled in favour of Vergara.
Vergara's legal team had applied for Loeb to identify two former lovers who had abortions during their relationships with them.
