After graduating from Middle Tennessee State University, Sipp started their 11-year commercial insurance career in Nashville, working first in marketing and then growing into an account manager role.
“I'm very happy to be back in Lebanon where I grew up and can spend more time with my family while also reconnecting with old friends. THW Insurance is my forever home and where I plan on staying for the remainder of my career. I'm excited to have the opportunity to offer services, which help businesses' project their assets. I look forward to this new journey and have already had the pleasure of helping clients with their insurance needs,” said Sipp.
“We are extremely excited to have Rebecca on board sharing their knowledge and experience with our customers on their insurance needs,” said Rick Thorne, partner at THW Insurance Services.
To find out more information about Sipp or THW Insurance Services, call them at 615-446- 9742 or email them at rebecca@thwins.com. Visit thwins.com to find out about all the insurance services offered.
THW Insurance Services is an independent agent for the sale of insurance products available through, and underwritten by, a number of carefully selected insurance companies. Founded in 1999, the experienced insurance professionals at THW are dedicated to assist in selecting the insurance program that best fits a person's needs. The THW Insurance team has more than 75 years of combined insurance experience.
Atlanta has been the premier town where hitmakers reside as acts such as Future, Gucci Mane and Migos have been flooding the streets and clubs with bangers-after-club bangers. Now, it seems like the flood gates is ready to be open to a new rising star in the dirty south.
Meet Runway Richy. Hailing from Decatur, GA, Runway has GA on tilt with their crafty rhyme schemes and attention grabbing prescence on the track. Their project “China Cafeteria,” which was hosted by comedian DC Young Fly of MTV2's Wild-N-Out was well received. This is far from foreign to Rich as they became witness to 2 Chainz‘s recent break out hit “Watch Out” in which Runway's producer Saucelord Rich of FKI was behind the making of that monstrous beat . Picking up the pieces from an amazing start in 2016, The Source Magazine was able to catch up with Runway to talk about music, their trials and tribulations of re-learning how to walk again from an horrible car accident and the future of their career.
The Source: Who has been a major influence in your creative process?
RR: I would have to say my life experiences. The type of s*** I've been through from when I was born. Everything from my entire family being from New Orleans, which is considered music state, everything down there has rhythm. Even through experiences from playing sports growing up, my ups & downs through the streets, being in accidents, you know its basically just life and everything I had to overcome played a major part in my creative process.
The Source: How is your music different from the majority of the ATL artists that's out now?
RR:My music is different because my stuff came from writing and I'm not in the studio trying to make a song that you can dance and sing to. Even though, sometimes that's how it ends up. I'm really speaking on real life stuff. I try to perfect real life moments with through my music. I want my fans to see where I come from through my music. I want fans to see realism from my music.
The Source: I see your single “Made It Happen” has been buzzing all throughout the streets. How was the experience working with a legendary Down South artist such as Trae The Truth ?
RR: Man, Trae The Truth a real one. He's one of the last of the dying breed down there. I mean Trae The Truth have shown me nothing but love. It's always a pleasure working with him. It's just big and I'm truly grateful for that.
The Source: Now what's the creative process consist of when it comes to making new content for the fans?
RR: Man, I got some roll up and some gas when I walk into the studio. Basically, I go to the studio and play beats to search for that vibe or be in that feeling where whatever is on my mind on that day, I just bring it out by writing. Most of this s*** comes from the heart and that's what I think music is made from. Music should come from the heart and half of the time these rappers be talking about stuff they are not made for or have no knowledge about. Usually, roughly 90% of the time is off the top because that's what I like to do and I like to get whatever is marinate on my mind on wax.
Runway currently has an mixtape out now called Traps and Trunks: Strictly 4 The Traps N Trunks 113. It's definitely worth the listen. Check it out by clicking here and see why Runway Richy is one of the hottest names buzzing in the game now.
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). In this May 12, 2017 photo University of Southern California, university President C.L. Max Nikias presides at commencement ceremonies on the campus in Los Angeles. Nikias has agreed to step down amid a sex scandal involving a...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). In this May 12, 2017 photo University of Southern California, USC President C.L. Max Nikias presides at commencement ceremonies on the campus in Los Angeles. Nikias has agreed to step down amid a sex scandal involving a school...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles on Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual...
(AP Photo/Christopher Weber). University of Southern California student Daniella Mohazab, center, speaks at a news conference at the office of their attorney, Gloria Allred, left, Tuesday May 22, 2018, in Los Angeles. Mohazab, a USC student seeking a ma...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
By BRIAN MELLEY
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The University of Southern California has received hundreds of complaints about a former school gynecologist suspected of conducting inappropriate exams for decades, prompting the resignation of the school president and a police investigation.
More than two dozen lawsuits have been filed and police are investigating allegations from more than 50 women, so far.
Whether Dr. George Tyndall faces charges, though, depends on if complaints about creepy comments, improper photos in the exam room and uncomfortable probing went beyond dubious doctoring and into the criminal realm.
The university has come under fire since the Los Angeles Times reported earlier this month that complaints and comments about Tyndall's care went unheeded by the school for decades and that USC failed to report them to the state medical board even after the school quietly forced them into retirement last year.
Two administrators were fired and President C.L. Max Nikias agreed to step down Friday after criticism for leadership failures during a string of scandals that included reports by the Times that the university's former medical school dean used drugs with criminals and was present when a woman overdosed in a Pasadena hotel room.
Lawsuits accuse Tyndall, the school's staff gynecologist for nearly three decades, of using their authority to sexually abuse women between 1990 and 2016. The suits allege the school concealed the conduct.
Tyndall was a "serial sexual predator" who groped breasts and used their fingers to penetrate rectums and vaginas for no medically necessary purpose, attorney John Manly said in a suit filed Friday. Tyndall is also accused of taking close-up photos of genitalia and commenting on the bodies of women, their race and sexual activity.
In some instances, Tyndall is accused of conducting vaginal exams without gloves when students were only seeking birth control.
Tyndall, 71, denied wrongdoing in interviews with the Times. They didn't return phone calls or an email from The Associated Press. It wasn't known Tuesday if they have an attorney.
USC concluded in 2016 that Tyndall violated policies on harassment and making racially discriminatory and sexually inappropriate remarks, but two criminal law experts it consulted said there was no criminal activity to report, the school said.
Los Angeles police said they are looking into behavior and practices that appear to go beyond the norms of medical and gynecological exams.
"Many of them are just inappropriate comments which, obviously, do not constitute a crime," Police Capt. Billy Hayes said at a news conference Tuesday asking more women to come forward. "We could look at the issue of penetration as one of the more significant crimes."
The allegations have similarities with the case of Larry Nassar, the disgraced former sports doctor at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics now serving multiple life terms in prison. Michigan State agreed to a $500 million settlement with more than 300 of their victims.
One key difference with the high-profile case involving Olympic champions, though, is that Tyndall as a gynecologist could argue their treatments were within the scope of their medical expertise.
Internal investigations by USC got mixed reviews on Tyndall's practice of using a finger before inserting a speculum during pelvic exams. One expert said it could be considered acceptable, though another review found it outdated.
Some women who have spoken about their encounters - some of whom were on their first visits to a gynecologist - said they didn't realize their treatment was improper until they saw recent news stories.
"These women had no idea they were being sexually abused," said attorney Ron Labriola, who is working with Manly. "They said it was odd, it was weird, but that's different from (perceiving it) as a sexual assault."
That could make it challenging but not impossible for authorities to pursue charges against Tyndall, particularly given the potential number of complaints.
A jury in Casper, Wyoming, this year convicted a gynecologist who touched women in ways they said were unusual and made them feel uncomfortable. Prosecutor Mike Blonigen said there is often no physical evidence or eyewitnesses in such cases and the difference between proper care and a crime can be subtle.
"Some of the challenges are distinguishing between clumsy execution in the procedure and illegal touching. That's hard to do," Blonigen said. "The thought that my doctor is molesting me is a hard thing to process."
Dr. Paul Harnetty was sentenced to 20 to 30 years in prison on two counts of second-degree sexual assault.
Successful prosecutions almost always involve multiple women who can provide corroborating testimony, Blonigen said. In Harnetty's case, six patients testified against him, though they were cleared of several counts.
If there's a single victim, the case can devolve into a said-she said dispute, said Michele Goodwin, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine. In the medical environment, a typical defense is that it was part of an exam and there were no supporting eyewitnesses or video.
In Tyndall's case, female nurses or medical assistants known as chaperones who often accompany male gynecologists during exams, had complained about their behavior, including their use of a camera, the Times reported. Those colleagues could provide valuable testimony.
But Goodwin pointed out that chaperones can't see everything in such an intimate setting.
"A gynecological exam can include things that are very graphic," Goodwin said. "That is also what makes these types of cases so frightening for these young women ... The abuse happens to be hidden in the worst way."
If investigators can't find physical evidence of abuse, they will see if women reported incidents at the time to roommates, family members or others and whether medical records match up with when they said they were abused.
One advantage prosecutors have is they can present evidence of similar misconduct the defendant may not be charged with to show a pattern, said criminal defense attorney Robert A. Schwartz, who is not involved in the case.
Jurors were unable to convict Bill Cosby of sexual assault at their first trial when only one additional woman testified against him. Cosby was convicted at a second trial after five other women testified about prior bad acts dating to the 1980s.
"Most doctors as a defendant in a criminal case would get the benefit of the doubt," Schwartz said. "What tips the scales against the doctor and their testimony would be the sheer volume of complaints."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
New York lawmakers will return to Albany this week to begin their work for 2017, with a full slate os issues on the table.
This year's agenda includes proposals to modernize state voting rules, address government corruption and permit Uber and Lyft to expand upstate.
Democrats say they will also look for ways to stand up to Republican President-elect Donald Trump if they move to restrict abortion rights, deport immigrants or roll back efforts to address climate change.
Other prominent proposals include legislation to allow the terminally ill to request life-ending medication from a physician and a bill to end the state's practice of prosecuting 16- and 17-year-olds as adults.
The six-month legislative session gets underway Wednesday. Lawmakers expect to adjourn in June.
By DANICA KIRKA
Associated Press
LONDON (AP) - Britain's information commissioner plans to apply for a warrant to access the servers of Cambridge Analytica, which allegedly used data mined from Facebook to help Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election.
Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement Monday that they would request the warrant because Cambridge Analytica had been uncooperative with their investigation into whether the company illegally acquired and used Facebook data.
"This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously," they said.
Denham launched their investigation after weekend reports that Cambridge Analytica improperly used information from more than 50 million Facebook accounts. Facebook has suspended the company from the social network while it investigates the claims.
Facebook said Monday that it has put its own audit of the claims on hold at the request of the U.K. information commissioner.
The New York Times and the U.K.'s Guardian newspaper reported that the U.K.-based company obtained Facebook account data without the users' knowledge and retained it after claiming it had been deleted. Chris Wylie, who once worked for Cambridge Analytica, was quoted as saying the company used the data to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Cambridge Analytica says the information was acquired from a contractor who was contractually obligated to comply with data-protection laws. None of the data was used in the Trump campaign, the company said.
"I'm not accepting their response so therefore I'll be applying to the court for a warrant," Denham told Britain's Channel 4. "We need to get in there, we need to look at the databases, we need to look at the servers and understand how data was processed or deleted by Cambridge Analytica."
The scandal has also triggered calls for further investigation from the European Union, as well as federal and state officials in the United States.
The head of the EU parliament said Monday that the bloc will investigate Facebook's role in the case.
"Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights," Antonio Tajani tweeted. "The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account."
U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen, both Democrats, have sought written responses from Facebook. Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, also a Democrat, promised an investigation.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee.
___
Associated Press Writers Nick Jessdanun and Barbara Ortutay in New York contributed to this story
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Cleveland Cavaliers head coach Tyronn Lue released a statement Monday saying they will be stepping away from the team to focus on their health.
Lue said he's been dealing with chest pains, sleep deprivation and other complications over the past year. Despite multiple tests, doctors have been unable to give a diagnosis.
WKSU sports commentator Terry Pluto says the announcement doesn't come as a surprise.
Pluto's response to Lue's announcement
"You can just tell they were struggling. Whether it was at their press conferences, they didn't seem to be very connected and I just thought some of their moves and games were strange. And of course if you're not feeling well, that explains it," Pluto says.
During Lue's absence, assistant coach Larry Drew will take over. Pluto says they believe the Cavs are in good hands because of Drew's background.
Drew as interim head coach
"You know the Cavs right now, I think it's more basketball issues and some health issues for them with Kevin Love getting healthy and Larry Nance Jr. getting healthy and that kind of stuff. So, if they didn't have an experienced coach like Larry Drew ready to step in, I would be more concerned from the basketball point," Pluto says.
Lue did not say when they will return to the team.
AP Photo/Michel Euler
PARIS (AP) — Paris Saint-Germain is dreaming big, just like its motto says. The French club, desperate to join Europe's elite since Qatari owners QSI took over six years ago, made an eye-catching breakthrough in the Champions League on Tuesday, routing Barcelona 4-0 in the first leg of the last 16. “This was the best performance I've been part of since coming to PSG,” said midfielder Blaise Matuidi, one of QSI's first signings after its takeover in June 2011. In the years since the new ownership came in, PSG has pumped hundreds of millions of euros (dollars) into acquiring big-name coaches and big-name players, including Thiago Silva, Edinson Cavani, Angel Di Maria and Julian Draxler. QSI also launched an advertising campaign with the motto “Revons Plus Grand,” French for “Let's Dream Bigger.” It hasn't always worked out, though. In the past four seasons, PSG has dominated in France but has failed to reach even the semifinals of the Champions League. Twice the team lost to Barcelona, in 2013 and '15, in the quarterfinals and then again last year to Manchester City. The result of European frustration has led to swift and ruthless change, with coach Laurent Blanc fired in the offseason despite winning back-to-back domestic trebles. Their successor, Unai Emery, was hand-picked by PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi, who liked what they saw in the Sevilla side that Emery guided to three straight Europa League titles. That team played with passion, total commitment and relentless energy, and the Spanish coach has allied those qualities to a PSG team with considerably more individual talent than Sevilla. After a difficult start, their methods are working well. — NO IBRA, MORE TEAMWORK Zlatan Ibrahimovic's departure to Manchester United before the season left a huge void – one that PSG has filled with more teamwork. When Ibrahimovic played, everything revolved around him. They were given such freedom by then-coach Carlo Ancelotti and by Blanc that they roamed wherever they wanted. While the Swede was a prolific scorer, the loose way they played often unbalanced PSG and made the side predictable against better European opposition. With the unselfish Edinson Cavani as the main striker, PSG is much harder working. And Cavani has stepped up with 34 goals this season. Ibrahimovic also hardly ever defended, while Cavani tracks back to support their teammates. — EMERY'S TACTICS The team Emery picked against Barcelona was brave and innovative. They dropped Brazilian winger Lucas, one of their best players, and recalled the inconsistent Angel Di Maria – who scored twice. But it was Emery's midfield formation that really caught the eye and earmarked them as a clever strategist. Switching from the 4-3-3 formation they usually deploy, Emery went for a 4-2-3-1 with Adrien Rabiot and Marco Verratti as the holding pair and with Blaise Matuidi pushing up almost as a playmaker. Matuidi is usually either a holding or a wide midfielder, but Emery used them as a thrusting spearhead where their relentless energy and ability to time late runs behind the defense caused havoc. — HOMEGROWN TALENT As the final whistle blew at Parc des Princes, three homegrown PSG players joined in the celebrations. Center back Presnel Kimpembe had marked Barcelona star Lionel Messi out of the game and Adrien Rabiot had won their midfield battle against Sergio Busquets. Midfielder Christopher Nkunku came on for the last 20 minutes. Kempembe and Rabiot are both 21, while Nkunku is 19. All three grew up in the Paris region and came through the club's youth ranks. While Ancelotti and Blanc rarely trusted homegrown players, offloading central defender Mamadou Sakho to Liverpool and winger Kingsley Coman to Juventus, Emery has great faith in them. Kimpembe is an athletic defender who reads the game well and is strong in the air. The graceful Rabiot has great composure on the ball, a dangerous shot from outside the box and is a perceptive passer. Homegrown players also give the club a stronger local identity because fans feel like they're watching one of their own, rather than only imported stars. — KEEPING VERRATTI The diminutive Marco Verratti is the heartbeat of the side and PSG has done well to keep him, despite interest from Real Madrid. The 24-year-old Italy midfielder is a great organizer and sets the tempo for PSG's game with quick-thinking and crisp passing. They have an excellent passing range, whether short or long, and they regularly create chances with their defense-splitting passes. All they need to add now is goals, with only five in 185 games since joining from Italian side Pescara five years ago.
Comments
comments
Omaha Burke has one player that has received a Husker offer. Junior linebacker Nick Henrich is on Nebraska's radar. But the Bulldogs have plenty of other talent as well that will be on display in 2017.
"We have a pretty good tradition here that we've established," said head coach Paul Limongi. "We want to make sure our guys are in shape and that they play hard and they form a brotherhood. And this team is no different."
Limongi is about to begin their 12th season as Burke's head coach.
"He knows what he's doing," senior linebacker Bobby Murray said. "He's treating us like men, making us become men. We're just learning a lot here which is great."
Burke returns 13 starters from last year's team that went to the state quarterfinals including quarterback Tyler Chadwick.
"We try to get three percent better which is not a huge amount but it's enough to get the job done and get ready for that first game," said senior lineman Nathan Herrera.
The Bulldogs host Omaha Central in the season opener August 25.
Navient is moving into the student lending business with the announcement that it has entered into a $155 million deal to acquire Earnest, an online based student and personal company based in San Francisco.
Navient is headquartered in Wilmington.
“Combining Earnest's best-in-class data science, digital marketing, and technology with Navient's industry and capital markets experience create an exciting platform to deliver value for consumers and investors,” said Jack Remondi, CEO, Navient. “Together, we will create and deliver consumer-centric education credit products for the digital age.”
Founded in 2013, Earnest serves digitally savvy consumers who have been underserved by traditional banks, according to a release.
Advertisement
The company is expected to originate nearly $1 billion in student loan refinancing loans in 2017.
As part of Navient, Earnest will continue as a distinct brand and will be led by its current management team, including founders Louis Beryl and Ben Hutchinson. Earnest clients will continue to enjoy the same customer service, rates, terms and benefits, a release stated.
Under the terms of the agreement, Navient will acquire Earnest for $155 million in cash. Effective this week, Navient will suspend its remaining share repurchase program through year-end 2018 to allocate capital towards growing the education lending business and building book value.
The company's annual dividend of $0.64 per share is unchanged. Closing of the transaction is expected in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Navient was spun off from student lender Sallie Mae and handles student loan servicing and other activities. It has been acquiring companies as part of an effort to broaden its services.
TechCrunch reported that the sales price of Earnest was less than half of the amount investors had plowed into the company. Ernest had reportedly been seeking capital or a partner.
The fintecharena that includes companies like Earnest and SoFi, has been a popular investment area for venture capitalists who see opportunities in taking on the conventional banking system.
Navient, meanwhile faces a federal lawsuit from the Pennsylvania Attorney General over its student loan business practices. Navient vowed to fight the lawsuit. The lawsuit contributed to a double-digit drop in Navient's stock price in recent days.
The lawsuit contributed to a 13 percent drop in Navient's stock price in recent days.
Share this: Print
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Google
Transcript for Plane crashes in NY neighborhood, killing pilot
A deadly plane crash in a Long Island neighborhood the plane going down in Melville New York detail breaking off there a fire igniting we're told tonight the pilot did not survive.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
ALBANY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork/AP) — New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is putting together a proposal to charge motorists more for entering the most congested parts of Manhattan.
The proposal would impose congestion pricing, an idea increasingly popular around the globe that aims to discourage vehicular traffic in dense urban areas while also raising money for mass transit.
The governor hasn't released any details yet, but any congestion pricing plan will likely face big political challenges, especially from representatives of New York City's outer boroughs and the suburbs.
Former Mayor Michael Bloomberg proposed their own congestion pricing plan that would charge drivers $8 to get into Midtown Manhattan during peak hours several years ago, but it quickly fell apart under opposition in Albany.
Many drivers give the idea of congestion pricing a thumbs down.
“I don't think we should be charged to go over our own bridge,” said one driver as they waited to cross the Brooklyn Bridge. “Why doesn't the governor use some of the money that they're wasting? They're wasting a lot of money on lights and all that crap that we don't need.”
“I would stop taking the bridge,” another driver said.
“It's not fair, it's going to hurt the cab drivers,” one taxi driver said.
City and state officials are considering several approaches to fixing the city's beleaguered transit system, now beset by mounting delays, outages and other problems.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Transcript for 'Jeopardy!' contestants hilariously fail entire football category
single question about football. Football 400. Dallas cowboys? Fair catch? 800. They're called offsetting penalties. Let's look at the thousand dollar include just for the can dollar clue just for the fun of it. After the show jeopardy tweeted fun fact our contestants answered as many clues in this category as the browns had wins this season.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – A Johnson City woman has been charged with criminal simulation after they allegedly purchased a car with counterfeit money.
Police said Emma Boone, 19 of Johnson City, met a woman at the Walgreens parking lot on Broadway Street on the evening of April 13. The woman sold a car to Boone after, police said, the victim posted the vehicle for sale on ‘various online sources'.
After the transaction, police said the woman realized they were paid a very large amount with fake money.
Boone was identified as the person that gave the fake bills to the victim as payment.
Boone was arrested the next day and taken to the Washington County Detention Center where they are being held on a $30,000 bond.
Kinja Roundup · Kinja!
Adequate Man How Many Squares Of TP Do You Use Per Wipe? | The Slot Office of Government Ethics Recommends Disciplinary Action…
(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File). FILE - In this Dec. 22, 2017, file photo, the U.S. Capitol in the early morning in Washington. Top-level Capitol Hill talks on a massive $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill are reaching a critical stage as negotia...
By ANDREW TAYLOR
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Battles over priorities in a huge government-wide spending bill are essentially settled, leaving a scaled-back plan for President Donald Trump's border wall and a huge rail project that pits Trump against Capitol Hill's most powerful Democrat as the top issues to be solved.
An agreement could be announced as early as Tuesday.
Efforts to tackle politically-charged immigration issues and rapidly rising health insurance premiums appeared to be faltering.
Capitol Hill Democrats rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $25 billion in funding for a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. Democrats appeared likely to yield on $1.6 billion in wall funding, Trump's official request for the 2018 budget year, but they were digging in against Trump's plans to hire hundreds of new immigration agents.
A dispute over abortion seemed likely to scuttle a Senate GOP plan to provide billions in federal subsidies to insurers to help curb health insurance premium increases.
Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was working on Trump's behalf against funding for a Hudson River tunnel and rail project that's important to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and Republicans from New York and New Jersey.
Monday's developments were described by several lawmakers - as well as congressional aides in both parties who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks remain secretive.
House and Senate action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The bill would implement last month's budget agreement, providing 10 percent increases for the Pentagon and domestic agencies. Coupled with last year's tax cuts, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits as soon as the budget year starting in October.
Many battles over policy riders were sorted out in marathon negotiations over the weekend. As is typical, many of the policy issues were melting away.
"We've had at least 100 that we've taken out," said Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, top Democrat on the Appropriations Committee.
For instance, an effort to add a plan to revive federal subsidies to stabilize the individual health insurance market and help the poor cover out-of-pocket costs under President Barack Obama's health law appeared to be failing. A complicated dispute involving abortion was at fault.
Trump told Sens. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, that they support addressing the health insurance issue now as part of the catchall spending plan.
Alexander and Collins are seeking to revive payments to insurers, which Trump halted last fall, that reimburse the carriers for reducing out-of-pocket costs for many low-earning customers. Those reductions are required by the Obama health law, and insurers have made up for the lost federal payments by boosting premiums.
The Republicans said their subsidy plan would reduce premiums by up to 40 percent over time. They would also create a $30 billion, three-year reinsurance program that states could use to help insurers afford to cover their most seriously ill, expensive consumers.
Democrats, however, oppose GOP provisions that would forbid the federal payments from being used to help pay for insurance policies that provide abortion.
And Republicans appeared likely to fail in a bid to fix a glitch in the recent tax bill that subsidizes grain sales to cooperatives at the expense of for-profit grain companies, several aides said.
"We need to fix that problem," said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif.
Elsewhere, efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, program appeared likely to fail, lawmakers and aides said. Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now. The White House had revived the idea in recent days - offering on Sunday a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall - but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants than had signed up for DACA, a request denied by GOP negotiators.
"Nobody's really moved," said No. 2 Senate Republican John Cornyn of Texas.
Trump tweeted Monday night: "The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!"
The president, meanwhile, has privately threatened to veto the whole package if a $900 million payment is made on the Hudson River Gateway Project, a priority for Schumer. Trump's opposition is alarming Northeastern Republicans such as Rep. Peter King of New York, who lobbied Trump on the project at a St. Patrick's luncheon in the Capitol Thursday.
The Gateway Project would add an $11 billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River to complement deteriorating, century-old tunnels that are at risk of closing in a few years. It enjoys bipartisan support among key Appropriations panel negotiators on the omnibus measure who want to get the expensive project on track while their coffers are flush with money.
___
Associated Press writer Alan Fram contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
West Lincoln's mayor planned to move forward with their request for an extra Niagara regional councillor for the township Monday during a face-to-face meeting with Ontario's Minister of Municipal Affairs.
Douglas Joyner was scheduled to meet with Minister Bill Mauro Monday at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario conference in Ottawa, where local politicians and those throughout the province are gathered until Wednesday.
Joyner's request to change the composition of Regional council by adding an extra member was emailed to the minister on July 21.
“I wanted the opportunity just to put the letter in their hand and more or less say to him, ‘Look, West Lincoln is ready to go. The Niagara Region has given its blessing',” Joyner said Monday by phone from Ottawa. “Please sooner than later sign off on this, so that we can begin the next steps.”
Joyner told Regional council on July 21 that they wanted another regional representative for West Lincoln because its population is anticipated to double in the next 25 years.
West Lincoln and Wainfleet are the only two municipalities in the region with only one representative on regional council — their mayors.
The 31-member body is made up of the chair, 12 mayors and 18 members elected from 10 Niagara municipalities.
Niagara Regional council agreed to ask the province for permission to begin the process to change the size of council.
If the province grants that authority, the region would have to hold at least one public meeting. It would then have to go through a “triple majority” process. A majority of regional councillors would have support the idea and the majority of Niagara's 12 municipalities, representing the majority of the population, would have to support it.
That's sure to set off debate within the various municipalities.
St. Catharines city councillor Bruce Williamson, who represents Port Dalhousie, is already planning to ask for a city staff report at the city's Aug. 21 meeting in anticipation of the issue coming to council.
Williamson said St. Catharines citizens are under-represented at the Region and city council needs factual information about the state of representation by population in Niagara Regional government when it deals with Joyner's request.
They said Pelham received an extra seat a few years ago and at the time St. Catharines was told the inequity it faced would be addressed next.
“It never was,” they said. “Now we've got an even smaller town with much superior representation comparatively, wanting another seat to get even more representation. It flies in the face of common sense.”
While Williamson said he's in favour of representation by population, they don't think the region needs more politicians. They said there may be another governance model they can explore, but it won't be in time for the next election.
St. Catharines has six regional councillors plus the mayor. Its 2016 population was 133,113, compared to West Lincoln's 14,500.
Joyner is aiming to have the process for an extra West Lincoln councillor done by Dec. 31, which is the deadline for changes for the 2018 election.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
The prototype device links to a host of wearables to gather health data for doctors
Researchers at IBM have developed a hub for wearables that can gather information from multiple wearable devices and share it with a doctor, potentially cutting down on the time patients need to spend in a hospital.
The gadget, which IBM has dubbed a 'cognitive hypervisor,' funnels data from devices such as smartwatches and fitness bands into the IBM Cloud. There, it's analyzed and the results are shared with the user and their doctor.
The idea is that patients can be monitored reliably through the device so they can be sent home to recover from illnesses a day or two earlier than they might otherwise have been allowed. It also means that should a problem develop, a doctor can be alerted immediately and an ambulance dispatched if it's serious enough.
IBM demonstrated a prototype of the device in San Francisco on Tuesday.
"I am Chiyo, your new companion. During this time, please touch me to start," it said after powering up. "Every time you touch me, I will tell you about your status."
Magdalena Petrova IBM's Chiyo health device as seen during a demonstration in San Francisco on February 14, 2017.
Fed with simulated data, the prototype alerted to a low blood oxygen level and a high temperature after it was tapped.
The device will react to voice commands and interact through a text-to-speech engine. One of the jobs facing researchers is to make the digital speech more realistic and more conversational.
Doing that will encourage users to interact with the device, said Rahel Strässle, a researcher working on the technology at IBM Research in Switzerland.
In developing the system, IBM isn't planning to get into the wearables business. Instead, it plans to offer the service as a platform on which other companies can build their own health services.
"They can use this technology to build their own wearable devices," said Bruno Michel, manager of smart system integration at the same IBM Research office.
The prototype is about the size of a grapefruit and is built with off-the-shelf components such as a Raspberry Pi and Arduino boards, but Michel thinks it can be made much smaller.
"I think in about five years, we will be able to have that fit into the ear canal," they said.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A judge ruled Tuesday that a USC graduate student accused of stabbing a professor to death on campus was not guilty by reason of insanity.
The ruling, based on reports from two psychiatrists, means that David Jonathan Brown could spend the rest of their life in a state psychiatric hospital. The 29-year-old has a March 6 hearing to determine where they will be placed.
Brown killed their mentor, Siaufung "Bosco" Tjan, on Dec. 2, 2016, inside the University of Southern California building where the 50-year-old psychology professor ran an intensive lab that studied vision loss, authorities said.
The killing occurred on the final day of classes before final examinations. Prosecutors said that Brown told authorities they believed they were "a victim of human experimentation."
Tjan's widow spoke during the hearing in Los Angeles Superior Court.
"He was not a soldier in a war zone or police officer in a dangerous street. They were murdered in their research lab," Carissa Pang said, according to City News Service.
"I feel helpless when my son asked me why their father was killed," they said.
They said they told them that the killer was "having bad thoughts."
Brown's family "gives their condolences and hopes that you find some solace," defense attorney Steve Schoenfield told them
Tjan's family will be notified of any changes in where Brown is housed and what treatment they receive, Judge Leslie A. Swain told Pang.
After the killing, Brown's fellow graduate students described them as nice and intelligent but possibly troubled.
Brenton Keller wrote on Facebook that classmates knew things weren't right because Brown wouldn't always finish their work and would go missing for weeks at a time.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Republican tax plan will deliver a swift adrenaline shot to the economy that will send hundreds of billions pouring into federal tax coffers, the Trump administration asserts in a new analysis. But nonpartisan analysts make a less rosy projection of new revenue from the tax legislation now before Congress.
House and Senate negotiators are rushing to finalize the tax legislation and deliver the promised measure to President Donald Trump before Christmas. Trump will try on Wednesday to sell the American people on a GOP tax overhaul that is unpopular with many. Their pitch: the plan will lift all economic boats, bringing a brighter future for taxpayers and their families, according to spokesperson Lindsay Walters.
A Treasury Department analysis issued Monday estimated the tax legislation will generate a large part of $1.8 trillion in new revenue over 10 years.
Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising that the tax cuts will boost the economy and create jobs. Their idea is that growth sparked by the legislation will let the tax cuts pay for themselves and not balloon the $20 trillion deficit.
Public polling shows many Americans are unhappy with the proposal. The separate bills recently passed by the House and Senate combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals.
Both measures would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the deficit. They would bring the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system in 30 years, pushing into every corner of the U.S. economy and society. They would double the standard deduction used by most Americans to $12,000 for individuals and $24,000 for couples.
The administration's estimate of new revenue from the tax plan is a lot higher than nonpartisan congressional analysts have projected. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that growth stimulated by the anticipated tax cuts in the Senate bill will generate some $408 billion in additional tax revenue over 10 years. For the House bill, the House-Senate committee sees $483 billion in new revenue.
The Treasury analysis "is nothing more than one page of fake math," said Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer.
The analysis includes an assumption that tax cuts and other administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 percent annual pace over 10 years. Economic growth at that level would, in theory, be enough to keep the national debt from rising.
But most analyses have concluded that the tax plan would add at least $1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because the analyses foresee significantly less growth resulting from the tax cuts.
The Treasury Department analysis says about half the expected increase in economic growth likely will result from tax benefits for corporations. Trump and the Republicans have insisted that businesses will use the tax savings to invest and create new jobs.
According to the analysis, the other half of the increased growth will come from tax reductions for individuals and businesses whose profits are reported on owners' personal income tax returns, as well as from planned administration initiatives such as infrastructure development and a welfare overhaul.
GOP leaders in Congress aim to iron out the significant differences between the House and Senate tax bills to pass a final blended package. Republicans are determined to produce the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law.
Rep. Kevin Brady, who heads the House Ways and Means Committee and is a key leader in the House-Senate compromise talks, said Monday that lawmakers were moving toward a vote on the final package next week. Still, key issues appeared to remain unresolved.
"I'm pleased with the progress we're making," Brady, R-Texas, told reporters. "We still have work to do."
The only issue for which Brady noted a firm commitment was repeal of the inheritance tax on multimillion-dollar estates, a benefit for ultra-wealthy Americans. "In the House, we feel very strongly about fully repealing the estate tax," they said.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
___
Associated Press writers Jill Colvin and Josh Boak contributed to this report.
If you can remember the 1960s, as the cliché goes, you weren't there. But if you can remember the '70s, you're simply not trying...
Ezekiel Elliott plopped a cowboy hat on their head and flashed a wide smile that made them look like someone closing in on a few weeks of vacation.
"Feel like a real cowboy," the star Dallas running back said after the second-to-last offseason practice Wednesday. "Do I look the part?"
Hard to say with the beard, but they looked the part in what mattered last year: NFL rushing champion as a rookie fourth overall draft pick. Now the question is the encore, and the offseason handling of a known commodity at a position predisposed to short careers.
"We don't really talk about taking it easy," offensive coordinator Scott Linehan said. "I think we're pushing forward with him. We've got to still manage that for him. But certainly we'll want to amp it up this year as far as their ability to affect the game in the run game and the pass game."
Elliott missed the first week of offseason practices after hitting their head as a passenger in a car accident, the second straight year they were involved in a car wreck during the offseason program.
Still not cleared by the NFL despite authorities dropping a domestic case in Ohio last year, Elliott made headlines again in March when they pulled down a woman's shirt during a St. Patrick's Day parade. As a result, questions about their off-field activities persist.
Running backs coach Gary Brown says they see a more disciplined Elliott, and the former Ohio State star acknowledged easing up on their nightlife in recent weeks as the team's offseason program accelerated.
"You learn from your mistakes," Elliott said. "And if you don't, it could be brutal. Just part of life."
When Elliott reports to training camp after a five-week break, he'll be preparing for what figures to be a similar workload after they led the NFL with 322 carries for their league-best 1,631 yards.
Because Elliott is a good blocker and pass-catcher, the Cowboys really don't have a reason to take their All-Pro off the field, except they know they must.
And that's why the question comes up even though Elliott turns just 22 the day the team is scheduled to arrive in California.
"You have to learn how much your body can take," said Elliott, the fifth rookie to lead the NFL in rushing since the 1970 merger.
"That's really important, so developing a routine, week in, week out, that will keep you fresh, that will keep you from having those nagging injuries."
Quarterback Dak Prescott was the fellow rookie sensation who helped the Cowboys to a 13-3 record and top seed in the NFC before losing to Green Bay in a divisional playoff. The NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year faces the same encore question.
"We're going to get better together," said Prescott, who set rookie records in passer rating (104.9) and completion rate (67.8 percent). "He's kind of my partner in crime. If I need something, he's going to make sure on the field and off the field it happens."
Elliott had a 60-yard score and an 83-yard touchdown on a screen pass as a rookie, but breakaway runs top their list of ways to improve in their second season. Brown said drills where Elliott tries to elude defensive backs are one way to work on what they call second-level running.
"You try to come up with different creative ways to keep them motivated, other than the way they are motivated already by just being better," Brown said. "But you've still got to give them more. You don't want it to get stale."
Elliott is listening.
"You can say I've proven myself, but I've got to keep doing that," they said. "So it's all just kinda learning this offense inside out and kind of learning more beyond what I do."
———
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
Selma Trio Arrested for Identity Theft
by George McDonald
From the West Alabama Newsroom–
Three Selma men are arrested after local and federal authorities execute a search warrant at a Selma hotel and uncover an identity theft and counterfeiting ring.
Authorities say Demario Benjamin, Christopher Ford and Markus Gloss were operating an extensive criminal enterprise.
A several month investigation lead authorities to the trio and a counterfeit check and credit card making operation.
Investigators say the names, birthdays and social security numbers of more than a dozen people in the room — along with guns, marijuana and more than a dozen cell phones.
“This wasn't any little mom and pop criminal operation. This was a sophisticated operation with computers, machines, all that to produce counterfeit credit cards, counterfeit checks, all of this,” said Dallas County DA Michael Jackson.
“It was a sophisticated operation. Now they locked up in a sophisticated jail.”
Benjamin, Ford and Gloss are being held in the Dallas County Jail on $150,000 dollars consolidated bond.
Authorities say anyone who suspects they may have been a victim in this case — call the DA's Office at (334) 874-2540.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — Bono and the guys in U2 are big football fans, as in soccer.
So when they sang about “Sunday Bloody Sunday” and “New Year's Day,” they had no intention of describing the end of the 2016 NFL season.
Yet, the firings of Chip Kelly and Trent Baalke in San Francisco, Mike McCoy in San Diego, and the resignation of Gary Kubiak for health reasons in Denver certainly rang true to those rock classics.
Usually, the axings take place the day after the regular season concludes. Except, of course, for the teams in a rush to get into the personnel market extra early, which in '16 were the Jaguars (Gus Bradley), Rams (Jeff Fisher) and Bills (Rex Ryan).
On Sunday, while other franchises were scrambling to make the playoffs or improve their postseason standing, the coaching carousel spun wildly in California. With Fisher already canned in Los Angeles, Kelly and McCoy became unemployed within an hour of each other.
Both moves were predictable, as was the release of Baalke, whose success as a GM with the 49ers now, it's clear, was dependent on how Jim Harbaugh molded and improved the players Baalke gave him. Baalke won a power struggle with Harbaugh, who headed to Michigan. The Niners became historically bad without him, and Baalke's choice of Kelly to work with such a weak roster looks worse than hiring caretaker Jim Tomsula after Harbaugh left. At least Tomsula went 5-11, three more victories than Kelly managed.
Indeed, their only wins in a 2-14 record came against the Rams, so maybe LA owner Stan Kroenke will turn to Kelly.
Don't count on it.
“Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip, I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary,” 49ers CEO Jed York said in a statement. “The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans, and that is truly disappointing. We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on, but unfortunately that did not happen. That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team.”
The new direction for the Chargers looks like it will be north a bit to become a tenant of Kroenke and the Rams in the new Inglewood, California palace that will open in a few years. McCoy's team lost its last five games and finished second for two straight seasons in the tough AFC West. Injuries tore it apart, too, but with the focus on whether the Chargers would move to LA, it was hard to judge what kind of job McCoy was doing.
Apparently Chargers chairperson Dean Spanos wants a totally fresh start when the club abandons its long-time home.
Which means both of the new teams in Los Angeles, which was without the NFL since 1995 until the Rams moved back last year, will be riding the coaching carousel.
More moves could be coming, too. Is Chuck Pagano safe in Indianapolis? Might the Saints do something with Sean Payton? What about Bears coach John Fox?
Safe for another year are Todd Bowles and Mike Maccagnan, who the Jets are bringing back. And Cleveland coach Hue Jackson, despite a 1-15 record. And Marvin Lewis despite the meltdown in Cincinnati.
The saddest news comes from Denver. Never was there a question about Kubiak returning after leading the Broncos to their Super Bowl win last February. But Kubiak's health issues forced them to step aside, disappointing fans, players and John Elway alike.
“We love Kube, we love how they treated us,” said cornerback Aqib Talib. “We pray they get healthy.”
Denver won't have any trouble filling Kubiak's spot. One of the hot candidates, for example, is Atlanta offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan, son of Mike Shanahan, who coached Elway to two Super Bowl championships.
Given how well Kubiak fit in the Broncos' family, such a hire makes a lot of sense.
Then again, sensibility isn't always a criterion in NFL coaching circles.
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Rafa Benitez says it's NOT the time to make excuses at Newcastle United – as the solutions to the club's problems must come from within the dressing room.
Benitez's side were beaten 3-2 at St James's Park by Leicester City on Saturday.
Claude Puel's side claimed all three points on what was the club's 125th birthday thanks to a late own goal from substitute Ayoze Perez.
Newcastle, now 16th in the Premier League, go into Wednesday night's hugely-important home game on the back of a dismal run in which they have taken just one point from seven games.
United manager Benitez acknowledged the urgency of the club's plight after the Leicester defeat.
“What I said before and I will say it again, the only way is for players, supporters, staff and everyone to stick together,” said Benitez.
“It's not the time to make excuses. It's the time to analyse what's going on and improve – quickly.”
Newcastle, as high as sixth in October, are just two points above the Premier League's relegation zone.
Benitez has always maintained that their team is good enough to stay up.
However, United's rivals are picking up points – and their team must follow suit.
Asked if they still believed Newcastle could stay up, Benitez said: “Yes, for sure.
“I think we can do it, but it depends on the other teams.
“If they have two or three chances and they take two of them, then you will suffer.
“We have to create more chances, if possible, and not give them so many.”
Benitez believes that their players are giving them everything on the pitch.
“I think the supporters appreciate it (the effort), but it's difficult, when you lose another game, to try and explain everything,” added Benitez.
“But this team's working so hard – it's trying so hard to win games.
“We're reacting in the right way when things are going wrong, but we have to learn to manage the situation.
“We're still making a lot of mistakes, and it's quite difficult for everybody. All we can do is keep working harder.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill's request for the removal of another judge from the rapper's case.
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that they don't have jurisdiction over the matter. They say only the state Supreme Court can decide that.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill's release from prison last month where they were serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from their case. They allege she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending them to prison for the probation violations.
They have strongly defended their impartiality.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
___
This story has been corrected to show the judge didn't address retrial, only removal of other judge.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Irvine's Bryce Tanikawa, top, is brought down by Woodbridge defender Sam Tipple, bottom, in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Irvine's Ethan Shank, left, reaches to tackle Woodbridge quarterback Nick Nash, right, in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Irvine's Bryce Tanikawa jumps up to receive a pass against a Woodbridge defender in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Woodbridge's Nikos Reza, left, tries to avoid Irvine defender Zeke Alleman, right, in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Woodbridge quarterback Nick Nash heads up field for yardage in varsity football action against Irvine Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Woodbridge quarterback Nick Nash, left, is congratulated by teammate Mathew Ploof, right after Nash scored a touchdown against Irvine in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Irvine's Rian Fields catches a touchdown pass in action against Woodbridge during varsity football Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Irvine's Rian Fields, right, celebrates their touchdown with teammate Zeke Alleman, left, as they play against Woodbridge in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Irvine's Bryce Tanikawa, top, drives up field against the Woodbridge defense in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Woodbridge head coach Rick Gibson, left, studies the game against Irvine in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Irvine's Dany Frukacz, right, celebrates their touchdown in action against Woodbridge during the varsity football game Friday October 6 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
7-year-old Charlotte Mirsch cheers for their team, the Woodbridge Warriors, prior to Friday's game against Irvine in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Woodbridge dancers enter the field at the start of the game against Irvine in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Members of Irvine's band cheer for their team during the game against Woodbridge in varsity football action Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Woodbridge fans enjoy the game during varsity football action against Irvine Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
Woodbridge marching band members take the field at the beginning of the game against Irvine Friday October 6, 2017 in Irvine. (Photo by Greg Andersen, Contributing Photographer)
IRVINE – Woodbridge appeared to be in control with a 27-point lead late in the third quarter in a Pacific Coast League opener against Irvine Friday night at University.
However, that lead almost evaporated.
The Warriors were challenged by Irvine in the final quarter but were able to hold on and capture a wild 47-41 victory over the Vaqueros.
Irvine (3-3, 0-1) scored the last three touchdowns of the game to cause some anxious moments for Woodbridge.
Irvine cut the lead to 47-41 when quarterback Marc Filia connected with Zeke Alleman on a 7-yard TD pass with 3:48 remaining.
However, on the next series, Woodbridge quarterback Nick Nash connected with their brother, Jacob Nash, on a 9-yard pass play which moved the ball to the Irvine 38 with 1:44 left to secure the victory.
Woodbridge quarterback Nick Nash talks about the Warriors 47-41 PCL victory over Irvine tonight. @ocvarsity pic.twitter.com/TgNpUMNDOt — Tim Burt (@TimBurtIrvine) October 7, 2017
“We knew it was going to be that way ( a close game),” said Woodbridge coach Rick Gibson. “That's a good football team over there and they're coached very well.
“We had it down at the 1-yard line and fumbled it away (before the last Irvine touchdown). That didn't help us.”
Woodbridge (4-2, 1-0) was led by Nick Nash, who passed for 195 yards and two touchdowns and rushed for 110 yards and two touchdowns.
Jacob Nash also had a big game, hauling in seven catches for 92 yards, including a 6-yard TD catch in the first quarter.
Woodbridge running back Nikos Reza also came up big, rushing for 156 yards and three touchdowns.
Irvine's Filia passed for 233 yards and two touchdowns. Bryce Tanikawa had seven catches for 99 yards and Fields had six catches for 85 yards, including a 37-yard TD catch in the second quarter.
Danny Frukacz also had two touchdown runs for Irvine.
Reza scored on touchdown runs of 7 and 8 yards in the third quarter to help the Warriors move out to a 47-20 lead.
But after their second TD, Irvine's Rian Fields scampered 75 yards on the kickoff for a touchdown to make it 47-27 late in the third quarter.
Irvine then recovered the onside kick and eventually made it 47-34 on Filia's 5-yard TD run with 8:50 left.
Woodbridge then drove to the Irvine 2-yard line but fumbled, giving Irvine some hope.
“I didn't feel (comfortable) because they were moving the ball consistently,” Gibson said. “They out-special teamed us. We beat them in two of the three facets, but that almost wasn't enough.”
A NEW company established using Australian livestock expertise and Chinese capital is looking to tap into the burgeoning demand for agricultural commodities across the globe. The WA-based Harmony Agriculture and Food Co officially started trading last year and recently sent off its first shipment of livestock – 12,500 sheep bound for Muscat, Oman – through its subsidiary company, Phoenix Exports. The group's livestock vessel, MV Yangtze Harmony embarked on its maiden voyage from Fremantle and was loaded at 70 per cent capacity, to trial the vessel. Within 18 months of establishing the company and investing $50 million in Australian assets, the company said it was setting the foundations to grow within the agricultural sector. Harmony Agriculture and Food Co executive director general manager Australia Steve Meerwald said its vision is to build end-to-end transparency within the company's supply chain. “It is a customer focused, food and production business,” Mr Meerwald said. “Our business model is about creating a genuine harmony along the supply chain – it's not just a feel good name. “Our vision is to build supply chains, that are transparent and efficient. “In production, processing and in the distribution of foods.” Even though the company is backed by the Chinese, Mr Meerwald said, its focus was not just on the Chinese market. “Whether it's South East Asia, the domestic or any other market, in beef, sheep, lamb or wool or whatever it may be, we want to look at how we could bring the components of the supply chain together to create transparency,” they said. Mr Meerwald said feedback along the supply chain, including to producers, was key to establishing knowledge of what the consumers want. “In agriculture there are too many barriers within the supply chain,” they said. “The linkages are not transparent, due to vested interests and lack of systems, the process is inefficient to the disadvantage of everyone else.” In mid-2016 chairperson, Mr Wenfeng Wong, executive director Mr Yuan Yixiang, executive director Mr Yanlai Sun, non-executive director Mr Meerwald and executive director Richard Pearce formed the company and started to establish the Harmony group of agricultural businesses.
Working within the maritime and consulting business in China, Mr Sun has had a history of championing innovative and new projects. They were interested in converting vessels into livestock export vessels in their hometown of Dalian in northern China. “After initial meetings with Mr Sun and their group they commissioned one of our companies, Indago Solutions, to provide consulting over the type, size and construction of the livestock fittings and services for the conversion,” Mr Meerwald said. “Through that process, Richard, and myself had been working with another group, HopShun Australia to establish a more meaningful and efficient method for international investors to partner up with Australian businesses and potentially farmers to facilitate investment in Australian agriculture. “And that's not just in beef and cattle, but in all areas where investors are keen to participate in the opportunity that Australian agriculture presents. “Collectively we all thought it was a sound project and decided to participate in helping investment move forward. “We combined HopShun and our existing Australian businesses to form Harmony Agriculture and Food Co in early 2016.” Two former container vessels, MV Yangtze Harmony and MV Yangtze Fortune, were purchased and converted, representing a total investment of about US$50 million to operate from Australia, New Zealand and the US to export to all markets. The MV Yangtze Harmony set off for the Middle East for its first commercial voyage from Fremantle, while MV Yangtze Fortune is near completion and will undertake their maiden voyage this year. Since being established in early 2016, the company has purchased three properties in Australia, including the Westbeef feedlot, Kalannie and Rancho East, Esperance and Mt Fyans, Victoria. The Mt Fyans property was the company's most recent purchase. Located at Dundonnell, in the Victorian western district, the Mt Fyans aggregation covers 5900 hectares of contiguous land.
The Westbeef feedlot has a licensed capacity of 7500 head of cattle. All up the company now runs 15,000 breeding and grazing cattle and 6500 sheep across Victoria and WA. Mr Meerwald said the company would look to sell the breeder herd as the business model was focused on grazing and feeding, not breeding. “Our model is to acquire stock to maximise the genetic potential and the value of every animal, to be able to meet consumer demand wherever that may be,” Mr Meerwald said. “We will then analyse and review the performance data and our own efficiency in a process of continuous improvement. “We will then share the information with everyone involved and get their input to maximise their own efficiencies or to deliver better quality or pricing.” The company is looking at a number of smaller acquisitions within Australia that will complement their existing business, however Harmony said it had no interest in entering the processing sector. Mr Meerwald said it would use or supply third-party processors in Victoria and WA and would charter to other exporters or use its own vessels. “We are not processors and we don't aspire to be,” they said. “Perhaps down the track, but at this stage there is a lot of work to consolidate the business we already have going. “We have been supplying a number of processors and exported livestock ourselves through Phoenix Exports and Breedex Australia. “We think creating transparency will help the industry to work together and will focus on creating maximum value and deliver a product that our customer wants.” Harmony Agriculture and Food Co group general manager of strategy and development and executive director Mr Pearce said through their experience in the export and agricultural sectors, it was clear there were opportunities. They said while Australia presented a wealth of opportunities, business in the sector lacked scale and investors were unsure of how to invest into Australian agriculture and the opportunities and money were unable to marry up.
With the narrowest vote, lawmakers in the Louisiana House spurned their GOP leaders and backed a $28 billion-plus operating budget that would use every dollar forecast to be available for spending.
The vote was a blow to House Republican leaders, who wanted to withhold $100 million from the spending bill in anticipation that Louisiana's income predictions are too optimistic.
The House decision was a victory for Governor John Bel Edwards.
Fifty-six House members, including rank-and-file Republicans who voted with Democrats, agreed Wednesday, June 14 to a spending plan that looks largely like a version previously supported by state senators. It takes 53 votes for a bill to pass.
House GOP leaders' refusal to take up that Senate proposal helped cause the negotiation meltdown that forced lawmakers into a special legislative session.
The plan heads to the Senate Finance Committee Thursday morning at 9:30 a.m.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with them at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
They add that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott themselves starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York City health department says one person has died and two others have become severely ill after they contracted a rare disease transmitted by rats.
The three cases occurred in the last two months in a Bronx neighborhood. City officials say it's the first time a cluster of cases has been identified.
The disease is called leptospirosis (lehp-toh-spuhr-ROH'-sihs).
Infections commonly occur through exposure to rat urine. The disease is rarely spread from person to person. It can be treated with antibiotics.
The city says it's reducing the rat population in the area and educating residents about the disease.
The New York Times (http://nyti.ms/2lOMiA9 ) says that from 2006 to 2016, 26 cases were reported in the city; the Bronx had the highest number with eight.
___
Information from: The New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com
WASHINGTON (AP) – New week's stunning solar eclipse in the United States will generate as much science as oohs and aahs.
From the discovery of helium to proving Einstein right, great science often comes out of eclipses.
NASA and others will monitor next Monday's eclipse with an armada of satellites, airplanes, balloons and citizen-scientists looking up from the ground. Scientists will focus on the sun, but they will also examine what happens to Earth's weather, to space weather, and to animals and plants on Earth as the moon totally blocks out the sun.
The moon's shadow will sweep along a narrow path, from Oregon to South Carolina.
See also:
MINNEAPOLIS & REHOVOT, Israel--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Stratasys (Nasdaq: SSYS), a global leader in additive technology solutions, today unveiled a range of new solutions designed to accelerate the use of additive manufacturing on the factory floor.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005576/en/
The new F900 Production 3D Printer is factory-floor ready with MTConnect interface and composite material compatibility (Photo: Business Wire)
Announcements today at RAPID+TCT 2018 include an expanded number of 3D printers compatible with carbon fiber composite material. Headlining the introduction is the new F900 Production 3D Printer, which is the third generation of the company's flagship FDM system. Features include an MTConnect-ready interface with production-ready accuracy and repeatability.
Manufacturing with additive technology is not a distant future. Stratasys customers widely use its Fortus Production 3D Printers today for rapid tooling, jigs, fixtures and part production applications.
The F900 is built on the Fortus 900mc platform, one of today's most-widely used AM systems for high-end additive manufacturing. The F900 is available in a new series of three solutions: the F900, the F900 AICS (Aircraft Interiors Certification Solution), and the F900 PRO.
Building on the versatility of the F900 to support a wide range of applications, the following two versions of the F900 extend the platform into a series of specialized products to meet the unique needs of production, supported by high repeatability.
The Stratasys F900 Aircraft Interiors Certification Solution (AICS), announced at the Paris Air Show, is the first-of-its-kind solution delivering the performance and traceability required for flight-worthy parts.
The Stratasys F900 PRO is a production-grade system, ready to produce parts with the highest FDM repeatability and performance in ULTEM 9085 resin. It includes all the benefits and value of the AICS product, and it extends the high repeatability developed for AICS to all industries.
“What's really exciting about this development is that Stratasys is showing how additive manufacturing has finally reached the level of repeatability and performance required for final part production,” says Keith Kmetz of consulting firm, IDC. “With the introduction of the F900 Production 3D Printer and the focus on industry standards and standardization, Stratasys is helping to advance this technology from its prototyping and tooling roots to a true industrial additive manufacturing system.”
Owners of existing Fortus 900mc systems can upgrade to any of the three current F900 systems.
In addition to Nylon 12 CF being offered on the Fortus 900 and 450 systems, Stratasys' manufacturing services division, Stratasys Direct Manufacturing, is also now offering parts built with FDM Nylon 12CF, ideal for functional prototypes and production parts in high-requirement applications.
New Competitively Priced System will run Carbon Fiber Filled Nylon 12
Stratasys is also offering this high-performance material on a specialized Fortus 380 and now has a family of 3D printers in a range of price points that can build with Carbon Fiber Nylon 12. Stratasys expects the Fortus 380 CF to ship in Q2 - Q3.
To learn more about Stratasys manufacturing options at RAPID+TCT 2018, visit the Stratasys booth, number 1104.
Stratasys is a global leader in additive technology solutions for industries including Aerospace, Automotive, Healthcare, Consumer Products and Education. For nearly 30 years, a deep and ongoing focus on customers' business requirements has fueled purposeful innovations — 1,200 granted and pending additive technology patents to date — that create new value across product lifecycle processes, from design prototypes to manufacturing tools and final production parts. The Stratasys 3D printing ecosystem of solutions and expertise — advanced materials; software with voxel level control; precise, repeatable and reliable FDM and PolyJet 3D printers; application-based expert services; on-demand parts and industry-defining partnerships — works to ensure seamless integration into each customer's evolving workflow. Fulfilling the real-world potential of additive, Stratasys delivers breakthrough industry-specific applications that accelerate business processes, optimize value chains and drive business performance improvements for thousands of future-ready leaders. Corporate headquarters: Minneapolis, Minnesota and Rehovot, Israel. Online at: www.stratasys.com, http://blog.stratasys.com and LinkedIn.
FDM, Stratasys and Fortus are registered trademarks and FDM Technology, F900, FDM Nylon 12CF, Fortus 380CF, and the Stratasys signet are trademarks of Stratasys Ltd. and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. MTConnect is a trademark of MTConnect Institute. ULTEM is a registered trademark of SABIC and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
The statements in this press release relating to Stratasys' beliefs regarding the benefits consumers will experience from the F900 and Fortus 380CF and Stratasys' expectation on the timing of shipping the F900 and Fortus 380CF are forward-looking statements reflecting management's current expectations and beliefs. These forward-looking statements are based on current information that is, by its nature, subject to rapid and even abrupt change. Due to risks and uncertainties associated with Stratasys' business, actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the risk that consumers will not perceive the benefits of the F900 and Fortus 380CF to be the same as Stratasys does; the risk that unforeseen technical difficulties will delay the shipping of the F900 and Fortus 380CF and other risk factors set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” in Stratasys' most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 28, 2018. Stratasys is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Attention Editors, if you publish reader-contact information, please use:
USA 1-877-489-9449 Europe/Middle East/Africa +49-7229-7772-0 Asia Pacific +852 3944-8888
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005576/en/
CONTACT: Stratasys Corporate & North America
Craig.Librett@stratasys.com
+1 518 424 2497
Joe.Hiemenz@stratasys.com
+1 952 906 2726
or
Europe, Middle East, and Africa
Incus Media
Jonathan Wake / Miguel Afonso, +44 1737 215200
stratasys@incus-media.com
or
Greater China, Southeast Asia, ANZ, and India
Alison.Yin@stratasys.com
+ 86-21-33196051
or
Japan and Korea
Aya.Yoshizawa@stratasys.com
+81 3 5542 0042
or
Mexico, Central America, Caribe and South America
Yair.Canedo@stratasys.com
+52 55 4169 4181
or
Brazil
GP Communications
Caio.Ramos@GPcom.com.br
Nando@GPcom.com.br
+55 (11) 3129 5158
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MINNESOTA MIDDLE EAST ISRAEL
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE SOFTWARE HEALTH DENTAL OTHER HEALTH MANUFACTURING AEROSPACE AUTOMOTIVE MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS ENGINEERING PACKAGING DEFENSE OTHER DEFENSE
SOURCE: Stratasys Ltd.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 10:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 10:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005576/en
For Sale…….2 Honda Motorcycle Jackets…$250.00
26″ Sanyo TV Flatscreen with wall mount..$85.00
AM/FM Boombox….$10.00 584-5380
Want………..Someone who can quilt by hand or machine 584-8442
For Sale………2004 Dodge Ram, 5 speed………………………. 441-8716 for price
For Sale…………1991 Ford F150, 107,000 miles…$900 or best offer…584-6337
For Sale……..Wooden Gun Chest..Can store 10 guns..$125.00 or best offer..441-1530
Gymnasts say that Larry Nassar is far from a “one-man problem.” Here are the stories of three other coaches accused of sexually abusing young gymnasts for years.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
In case you haven't been watching much news lately, the U.S. is currently in the midst of a pretty tense nuclear standoff with North Korea, exacerbated by some heated rhetoric between each country's head of state. Into this precarious situation stepped Last Week Tonight host John Oliver, who sought to cool tensions the only way they knew how: accordion-based diplomacy.
Unfortunately, Oliver themselves does not know how to play the accordion, so in their stead, they enlisted song parody master Weird Al Yankovic — “someone who plays it like a f*cking angel!” — to ask North Korea not to nuke us on his, and our, behalf. Backed by an impressive 10-piece collection of polka players, Weird Al got right down to the matter at hand asking, “Would you annihilate us if you had the chance / That's such an antisocial thing to do / You got us crapping our collective pants / I suggest you take it down a notch or two.”
Then the big ask. “Please don't nuke us North Korea / Right now we're all a little tense / Believe me, we don't hate you / Frankly, we don't think that much about you, no offense.” Midway through, they point out that nuking America would me killing Tom Hanks, and “nobody doesn't like Tom Hanks,” which is an incredibly solid point.
You can watch the hilarious show-ending segment in the video above.
Photo
The best season of quarterback Josh McCown's career has come to an abrupt and painful end.
They will miss the Jets' final three games with a broken left hand that will require surgery.
“It's big for them and it's big for us because he's been leading us all year offensively,” Coach Todd Bowles said Monday during a conference call.
Bowles announced that Bryce Petty will start in McCown's place at New Orleans on Sunday. Petty, a fourth-rounder out of Baylor in 2015, started four games for the Jets last season.
“It's next-man-up mentality and the next man has to step up,” Bowles said.
Christian Hackenberg, a second-year player, remains behind Petty on the depth chart. Bowles said “it's possible” the Jets could bring in another quarterback this week as insurance.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
McCown, 38, was injured when they were hit by Denver's Shane Ray in the third quarter of the Jets' 23-0 loss on Sunday. An X-ray revealed that McCown's hand was broken, and additional tests Monday revealed the severity of the injury.
The Trump administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for President Trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments — known as cost-sharing reduction payments — reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said they may end the reimbursements, which they call "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month to month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesperson says Trump is "working with their staff and their Cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it is offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
And Marc Harrison, CEO of Intermountain Healthcare, which covers 173,000 people in Idaho and Utah, says premium increases could be "astonishing."
Still, they say, their company will stick with the Obamacare markets. "These are our patients. We're not going anywhere. We're going to keep trying to figure this out."
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," they say.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Barack Obama, saying the payments were illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau told reporters on Parliament Hill this morning that they will visit Toronto “as soon as it makes sense to do so,” but that in order not to distract from the investigation into yesterday's fatal van attack, and also to let the focus remain on marshalling support for the families of victims and the injured, they won't be going to Canada's biggest city immediately.
From behind a podium in the foyer of the House of Commons, Trudeau read prepared remarks in a low voice and then answered a few questions in a noticeably restrained tone. They were in the space familiar to many Canadians as the TV backdrop for countless media scrums of politicians. But both the Prime Minister and journalists who put questions to them were, of course, far more subdued than, say, after a routine question period.
Here are four key quotes from what Trudeau said about the aftermath of the attack on Toronto's Yonge Street:
On their plan to hold off on travelling to Toronto:
“I think all Canadians are with Toronto today in our hearts, in our prayers, in our thoughts. I will of course go to Toronto for this as soon as it makes sense to do so. But right now it's very much an active, ongoing situation, and I wouldn't want to distract or remove any personnel or any focus away from the important work that's being done, both for the victims and their families and for the investigation.”
On early indications that there's no national security threat:
“Obviously all Canadians continue and will continue to have questions about why this happened, what could possibly be the motives behind it. As was indicated last night by our public security minister [Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale], we have no reason to suspect that there is any national security element to this attack. But obviously investigations continue.”
On the reports of how paramedics, police and others reacted:
“We can be comforted in seeing the extraordinary response of our first responders, folks who stepped up with courage and ability and ensured that in the face of such terrible tragedy and attack that we are pulling together, and trying to find answers, while keeping people safe. We have extraordinary folks across the country in our police services and our intelligence agencies who work hard every day to keep Canadians safe, and they will continue to do just that.”
On their hope that Canadians won't let this change how they live:
“Obviously we need to continue to reflect on the changing situations that we are in, and do everything we can to keep Canadians safe. But we cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business. We need to focus on doing what we can, we must, to keep Canadians safe, while we stay to true to the freedoms and values that we all as Canadians hold dear.”
It's great for the fans to see the veteran catcher play all over the diamond, but some might not take it so well.
Mr. Abbott is a staunch gun rights advocate who has urged Texans to buy more guns. And they are governor in a state where polling indicates that far more Republicans — the party that controls every major political office in Texas — blame mass shootings on failures of the mental health system than they do on the failure to pass more gun laws.
A series of round tables on school safety organized by Mr. Abbott after the Santa Fe shooting were seen by many as stacked against any significant tightening of gun laws.
The Texas Democratic Party blasted Mr. Abbott's proposals, saying that they “failed to directly address the gun violence that is plaguing our country.”
“Nothing in Abbott's plans address the reality that it is too easy for a weapon to end up in the hands of someone wanting to cause harm,” the party's chairperson, Gilberto Hinojosa, said in a statement. “Texans refuse to accept a reality where going to worship or sending their children to school is dangerous.”
Critics have said the round tables on gun violence convened by the governor excluded most influential gun control and teachers' organizations, and created little opportunity for a meaningful exchange on gun regulations.
Polls conducted by the University of Texas and The Texas Tribune have shown wide support among both Republicans and Democrats in the state for background checks on all gun sales, a measure that would eliminate the ability to purchase firearms in person or online from private sellers without the standard F.B.I. check on the buyer's criminal, domestic abuse and mental health background.
But seven times as many Texas Republicans blame mass shootings across the United States on mental health system failures as on gun laws, a University of Texas/Texas Tribune poll found in October 2017. The same poll indicated that five times as many Republicans in the state believed that more guns would make the country safer than those who believed that they would make it less safe.
One the victims, who was not identified, told Rai News24 from their hospital bed that they feared being killed as the attacker fired. They lifted a sheet to show their leg, wrapped in bandages.
The shootings rattled a nation where such episodes are rare. According to a 2007 study, about 12.9 percent of Italian households have guns.
The rampage came days after the brutal killing of an 18-year-old woman, Pamela Mastropietro, in Macerata, a crime that shook the city of 42,000 people east of Rome.
Ms. Mastropietro's body was found in pieces in two suitcases on Wednesday, and the police arrested a Nigerian man, Innocent Oseghale, the next day. They stand accused of killing them and dismembering their corpse. The arrest quickly became a focal point for anti-migrant sentiments.
On Saturday, officials told reporters there was no indication that Mr. Traini and Ms. Mastropietro had known each other. But Mr. Minniti, the interior minister, said Saturday's shooting “strongly recalls a raid of retaliation — a random, armed retaliation.”
Photo
Macerata's mayor, Romano Carancini, said the connection “may not have been direct, but could be ascribable to the campaign of racial hatred that began after Pamela's death.”
“Nothing so serious had ever happened in Macerata,” at least not in living memory, Mr. Carancini said in a telephone interview about Ms. Mastropietro's killing. “Pamela's death upset and struck a chord in the city,” they said, adding that the racial hatred that followed “filled people with fear.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni told reporters after the shooting that the government would deal “severely” with anyone trying to stoke racist actions. “Hatred and violence won't be able to divide us,” they said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
There are just over five million foreigners residing legally in Italy, about 8.3 percent of the population of 60 million. Of these, 3.7 million are from outside the European Union.
Immigration is a hotly contested issue in Italy with national elections a little more than a month away. Far-right leaders have tried to capitalize on national unease about the unregulated waves of migrants who have made the perilous crossing of the Mediterranean in recent years.
Last year, 119,000 migrants arrived by sea. Many others have died during the attempt; at least 90 may have drowned on Friday.
Matteo Salvini, the leader of the League political party, which has historically run on an anti-immigrant platform, said on Twitter after Ms. Mastropietro's killing that the suspect “was not running from war; they brought war to Italy.”
“The left has blood on its hands. Expulsions, expulsions, controls and more expulsions,” they wrote.
Italian media reports said that the suspect in the shootings on Saturday had been a League candidate in municipal elections last year in the nearby town of Corridonia. They were not elected.
On Saturday afternoon, a sit-in organized in support of Ms. Mastropietro's family by associations that work with migrants and members of the city's Nigerian community was canceled after the shootings.
“Now we are afraid,” Sammy Kunoun, an organizer, told ANSA.
Actress Jacqueline Fernandez played the damsel in distress in the 2016 superhero film “A Flying Jatt”. Now, they want to take a step forward and be a superhero herself. They want to gain powers of Captain Planet to make the environment “safer, greener and cleaner”.
“If I could be a superhero, I would love to be Captain Planet.  They are one superhero I have grown up watching and always loved the fact that with everything they did, they were making the environment safer, greener and a cleaner space,” Jacqueline told IANS in an interview.
If not the superhero, they are now a “green warrior”.
RAW Pressery, a cold pressed juice brand, announced Jacqueline as an investor aka ‘Green Warrior' on Monday. They have invested a sum of Rs 3.5 crore in the brand.
“In a world flooded with highly processed and unhealthy junk, RAW Pressery is the light at the end of the tunnel. It's where healthy meets tasty and also gets you sexy. What the brand does is help us feel healthier, happier and closer to nature while sipping on juice that's all fruit,” they said.
“I'm partnering for change as the ‘Green Warrior'. And also, hope to add more green ninjas to my team to make the world a cleaner, greener, leaner and of course a happier place,” they added.
Them role as a ‘Green Warrior' gives them an opportunity to impact people's well-being.
“Me and my green ninjas wish to use our influence to change the lives for all those around us. We wish to fight for having the good stuff in and the bad stuff out. Making the world healthier one juice at a time,” they said.
Is that all they do for their svelte figure?
“I do a lot of exercises. By exercise I mean, I indulge in a lot of activities through the day that keep me fit. It's either pilates or yoga or even cardio that covers most my workout routine,” said the “Dishoom” actor.
Many go green with envy on seeing them figure, but they do have some favourites within the film industry.
Asked who has an hourglass figure in Bollywood, the Sri Lankan beauty said: “I think Deepika Padukone and Katrina Kaif have the best bodies in the industry today.”
Any sinful food habit they have that they want to get rid of?
“I have always been a conscious eater and don't really indulge in anything that needs to get out of my diet,” they said.
As for films, they are tied up with “Judwaa 2” and “Drive”.
“‘Drive' has been going great so far, I think the combination of Tarun (Mansukhani), Sushant (Singh Rajput) and me is working out pretty well. With regards to ‘Judwaa 2', everyone knows how Varun (Dhawan) is,” they signed off.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Former UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar has informed the mixed martial arts promotion that they are retired from competition.
The UFC confirmed Lesnar's decision Wednesday.
The decision doesn't affect Lesnar's professional wrestling career, where they have spent most of the past five years.
They returned from a 4 1/2-year MMA absence last July to beat Mark Hunt at UFC 200, but the result was overturned after Lesnar failed two doping tests. They were subsequently suspended from competition for a year by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, which administers the UFC's doping policy.
Lesnar's decision to retire means they have been removed from USADA's drug-testing pool, which monitors the fighters year-round.
If Lesnar decides to return to competition, they would have to serve the remaining five months of their suspension.
Photo
To the Editor:
As Roy Moore screams from the campaign pulpit that they want to bring “Alabama values to Washington,” the rest of the nation is watching Alabama in utter disbelief. It is our hope that Mr. Moore's values are not bestowed upon an already ethically challenged Senate.
Mr. Moore's success or failure in Tuesday's election will be received by the citizens of the remaining 49 states as a reflection of and a verdict on Alabama values. Alabama voters have an opportunity to show that Roy Moore's values are not Alabama values. We are watching.
ADAM LIPSON, NYACK, N.Y.
To the Editor:
Even before the recent sexual allegations about Roy Moore, they were a disgraced figure who had twice been removed from their position on the Alabama Supreme Court. One might think that Mr. Moore's Senate campaign would be doomed. Apparently not so.
The framers envisioned a special role for the Senate, a place where longer terms and an older minimum age promised wisdom and judgment. They would have been appalled at Mr. Moore's candidacy.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Alabama voters are entitled to advance their party's interests vigorously, but there must be some limits to the kind of blind partisanship that promotes embarrassingly unqualified candidates.
A Manhattan grand jury voted on Wednesday to indict Harvey Weinstein on charges that they forced one woman to perform oral sex and raped a second woman at a hotel, the Manhattan district attorney said.
The indictment, which was expected, was handed up less than a week after the police arrested Mr. Weinstein after a monthslong investigation into sex-crime allegations.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged,” the district attorney, Cyrus R. Vance Jr., said in a statement.
On Friday, Mr. Weinstein surrendered to the police and was charged, through a criminal complaint, with first-degree rape and other offenses. The district attorney was obligated to seek a grand jury indictment on those charges within six months, and prosecutors moved quickly after Mr. Weinstein indicated on Wednesday afternoon that they would not testify in their own defense before the grand jury.
CBS
Usually, spinoffs built around supporting characters from one show involve them striking out on their own in a new place: Frasier goes to Seattle, Joey goes to Hollywood, Joanie and Chachi go to Chicago, etc. Sometimes, though, a spinoff is basically the original show, minus the original lead. When Andy Griffith wanted to stop playing Andy Taylor, the supporting cast stayed in place for what became Mayberry R.F.D.. Ditto Major Crimes after Kyra Sedgwick was ready to stop being The Closer, and the Valerie producers killing off Valerie Harper's character during a salary dispute and ultimately renaming it The Hogan Family. It may lack the star power of the original version, but if the concept is basic enough (small-town silliness, police procedural, family comedy), the supporting characters popular enough, and the replacement lead at least adequate, it can extend a fictional universe's lifespan a long time.
Now CBS is taking that approach with The Good Fight, a Good Wife spin-off minus the title character, but bringing back much of the ensemble, adding in a few new characters, sprinkling in echoes of Alicia Florrick whenever possible, and telling the exact same kinds of stories we got for seven seasons of the parent show.
It makes sense. The character of Alicia, and Julianna Margulies' performance in that role, elevated The Good Wife at its best above wonky David E. Kelley-style legal proceduraldom, but the series had long since run out of new and fitting places to take Alicia. Them story lost steam, then kept going for another season or two — including a disappointing final episode — but the world around Alicia still had life in it, as demonstrated in the two Good Fight episodes sent to critics. It's not fancy, it's not revolutionary, and it's not up to the level of peak Good Wife, but it's a pop cultural itch successfully being scratched by Good Wife creators Robert and Michelle King and their new collaborator, Field of Dreams writer/director Phil Alden Robinson.
We pick up a year after the end of the original series. Christine Baranski's Diane Lockhart, having successfully merged their law firm with two others — it says something about the Kings' allergy to a dramatic status quo that there was at least one firm restructuring in between the two series — is preparing for a hard-earned retirement that includes a villa in Provence. Then a scandal hits, damaging both Diane and their goddaughter Maia Rindell (Rose Leslie, aka Ygritte from Game of Thrones), a first-year associate who had just started working at Diane's firm, and the two are forced to take new jobs at a predominantly African-American firm run by Adrian Boseman (Delroy Lindo) and Barbara Kolstad (Erica Tazel from Justified), where Alicia's ex-pal Lucca Quinn (Cush Jumbo) already works.
The Good Fight tries to split the New Alicia load between Diane and Maia, who are each dealing with personal and professional turmoil in a most public way, and even lets Lucca step in from time to time. There's a scene where Lucca gives Maia advice that may as well come with the subtitle, “Well, this is what Alicia Florrick would be saying right here if Julianna wanted to do a cameo.” Alicia was more complicated than any of these three, but add them together and you get a functional approximation of the old show, with slightly different lighting, and, via the new firm, a different perspective on the kinds of social issues the Kings like to spotlight. But there are still wacky judges (Denis O'Hare returns as Judge Abernathy this time wearing prescription sunglasses, because Good Wife/Fight), and there are still unusual courtroom-style settings that one of our heroes has trouble understanding the rules of (Maia is thrown by their first appearance in front of an arbitrator), and there are still so many references to technology and social media that you have to assume an angel gets its wings each time someone says “metadata.”
For all that the Kings used to lament the restrictions they had to deal with in making a prestige drama for a broadcast network rather than cable or streaming, there are only two major differences that come as a result of The Good Fight being made for the CBS All Access streaming service(*). The first is that each season will only have 10 episodes rather than 22, requiring less filler(**). The second is that the characters can now curse. Which they do. A lot. It can be startling at first to hear Diane Lockhart hurling around F-bombs, but this isn't some Darkness At Noon-style grim and gritty affectation; when they or anyone else starts cussing, it's in a circumstance where it would almost feel more distracting if they used tamer language.
Imagine that you've been struggling with a serious and fairly embarrassing personal problem. Putting aside a longstanding reluctance to address it, you finally consult a therapist. The therapist is friendly and welcoming and promises to protect your privacy. Gaining a sense of trust, you bare your soul, describing the issue you are struggling with in all of its painful detail.
Only later do you realize, to your horror, that your confessions were being recorded and retained by the therapist. It turns out that your therapist, to supplement their income, has gotten into the advertising business: They take data gleaned from their patients and offers it to advertisers (or any other interested party) for a fee.
Everyone would be outraged by this; it is professionally unethical and a serious breach of trust. Yet what I've described is not so different from our relationship with businesses like Google, Facebook, Quora and Amazon. They hold themselves out as trustworthy, enticing us to share our information with them — from the banal details of our lives to our most intimate secrets — without making it very clear that everything is being recorded, kept and used for advertising.
The Europeans find this kind of thing distasteful, which is why last Friday they instituted a strict online privacy law — the General Data Protection Regulation. The law's approach is, for want of a better word, European: broad, rule-driven and administered by regulators. Under the G.D.P.R., any company that gathers or processes personal data is defined as a “data controller” and is subject to a raft of new rights and duties that are enforced by Europe's member states.
New York City Ballet principal dancer Rebecca Krohn will take their final bow with the company this Saturday night. Krohn joined NYCB as an apprentice in the fall of 1998 and slowly rose through the ranks, becoming a principal in 2012. Though Krohn is best known for their flawless execution of classic Balanchine leotard ballets, their repertoire is vast, spanning Jerome Robbins to Justin Peck. After dancing Stravinsky Violin Concerto with Amar Ramasar on Saturday, Krohn will return to the NYCB studios on Monday in a new role: ballet master. We had the chance to talk to the thoughtful and eloquent dancer about their time with the company and goals for the future.
Was New York City Ballet always your dream company?
As soon as I knew I wanted to be a professional dancer, I knew that I wanted to be in New York City Ballet. I moved to New York when I was 14 to train at the School of American Ballet, and I got my apprenticeship with the company when I was 17, so it was really a dream come true.
Krohn and Adrian Danchig-Waring in Balanchine's Stravinsky Violin Concerto. Video Courtesy NYCB.
What have been your favorite ballets or roles to dance?
Balanchine's Stravinsky Violin Concerto, which I'll dance for my final show, has always been a favorite, as well as Balanchine's Movements for Piano and Orchestra and Agon. Also Robbins' Dances at a Gathering... there are so many, it's hard to choose! I've always really loved the Balanchine black and white ballets, and there are some Robbins ballets that are always so fulfilling.
Can you think of a favorite moment with the company?
After almost 20 years there are countless things. In general I would say the time that I've had onstage with some of my friends and dancing partners has been so special. It's one thing to be a friend with someone and another to also share the stage with them. There's just an amazing sense of trust and spontaneity; I feel so connected when I'm out there. That's something I'll never forget.
What's the main way that your experience in the company has changed over the years?
As I was getting older the company all of a sudden started to seem younger and younger. When I became a soloist and especially a principal my relationship with the corps de ballet dancers shifted. I wanted to be someone that the young dancers could look up to; I wanted to reach out and connect to them more, and to offer support and advice.
Krohn and Amara Ramasar in Balanchine's "Movements for Piano and Orchestra." Photo by Paul Kolnik, Courtesy NYCB.
Did you always know that you wanted to stay on with the company?
It had been in the back of my mind for a number of years, but I didn't really address it formally until a year ago. I spoke to Peter (Martins), just to kind of let them know what I had been thinking. I wanted to hear how they felt about it, which was actually a little nerve-wracking, but they thought it was a great idea.
What are you most looking forward to in your new role?
I'd like to nurture them and their talents; I'm always amazed to see how talented everyone is. The ballets that we have in our repertoire are so amazing—it's a great honor to be able to carry them on with the new dancers for the future.
Krohn with Robert Fairchild in Justin Peck's Everywhere We Go. Video Courtesy NYCB.
Is there someone who's teaching style or mentorship style you'd most like to emulate?
There are a couple of ballet masters that I've connected to. I'm very close to Karin von Aroldingen. Them undying passion for these pieces is incredibly inspiring. Susan Hendl has also been an inspiration. They have a wonderful talent of drawing out everyone's unique qualities and femininity.
What parts of your life outside of ballet do you most look forward to cultivating now that you'll have more time on your hands?
I'm looking forward to having more time to enjoy museums in the city. While I was dancing I didn't want to be up on my legs all day on my days off. I won't have to worry about that so much now, and I can spend my day off roaming around and being inspired. I also love to cook, so I'll get to cook a lot more and hopefully host more dinner parties.
Krohn and Company in Balanchine's "Serenade." Photo by Paul Kolnik, Courtesy NYCB.
Do you have a piece of advice for young dancers who are just starting out?
What's so special about ballet is the discipline that it instills. It's important for young dancers to really understand that that is what's taught to you in ballet class every day. It's an invaluable quality for a person to have, whether they continue to dance or end up doing other things.
My other piece of advice is that you have to treat each day as a new start. Some days you might not feel good about yourself, or things in your body might not be working well—every day is different. But you have to start fresh, be positive and move forward.
A Beamsville animal rescue group has launched a petition calling on the Ontario SPCA to re-open an animal cruelty investigation at a property where they say more than 100 cats were living and dozens more were dead.
Beamsville4Paw Rescue collected more than 225 signatures in person during a successful adopt-a-thon in Grimsby this weekend for some of the rescued kittens and cats from Merritt Road.
It's also posted an online petition on its website and through Facebook.
“People were outraged,” said Pam Huson, owner of Beamsville4Paw Rescue. “People were coming and giving me hugs. The petition line was out the door. You couldn't even move. So many donations, so much support.”
The Ontario SPCA told the Standard last Wednesday that it couldn't move forward with an investigation or lay animal cruelty charges at the Merritt Road property due to lack of evidence.
Lincoln County Humane Society executive director Kevin Strooband said Monday if more evidence becomes available, the agency can still lay charges.
“It's still open because there's no statute of limitations,” they said.
Strooband said OSPCA officers did not see evidence of cruelty during their visits to the Merritt Road property. The agency has received photos from the rescue groups, but they said those pictures don't show evidence required to lay charges either.
If the groups can provide more evidence required for a charge, Strooband said the OSPCA officers are willing to take it. “They've been less than forthcoming to this point,” they said.
The Town of Lincoln does not have a bylaw limiting the number of cats a person can own or have at a residence.
Beamsville4Paw Rescue and Project Save-a-Cat's Life say they rescued 100 cats, some pregnant with kittens on the way, and found another 150 deceased at the property, which was abandoned by a former tenant believed to be a cat hoarder.
Volunteers have been at the site every day since July 18 catching cats, some injured and many underweight, getting them medical attention and putting them in foster homes.
The story has triggered an outpouring of support from the community.
Huson said more people than expected showed up at Grimsby's PetValu on Saturday and Sunday to adopt cats, sign the petition or make a donation.
“They were crying, opening their hearts. It was truly amazing to see the community pull together,” they said.
Members of Beamsville4Paw Rescue were hoping to adopt out 10 cats but people scooped up 30.
Huson said the timing was good because one of the pregnant cats at a foster home gave birth on Sunday and they needed more room for newborns.
“We may be doing the trapping but this is a community project. We wouldn't be able to do this without the public's help. Without the people donating, without the people opening their doors for fosters,” Huson said.
“I love my community. I don't think I'd live anywhere else. The support that we're getting, you could tell people love their animals.”
Huson said another group of cats will be up for adoption at the store some time after Labour Day. But people don't have to wait for the event to adopt and can view the cats at any time in their foster homes. All cats ready for adoption are expected to be listed on the www.beamsville4pawrescue.com website by this Thursday.
Meanwhile, the volunteers continue to visit the property trying to catch one or two stragglers, but believe they've cleared all others.
“I'm amazed at our volunteers and the groups that we have, that in less than a month we have rescued a hundred-plus cats. Truthfully that is amazing and a half,” Huson said.
“That's because of the public. I can't thank the public enough. I wouldn't be able to do it if they didn't open their hearts and their doors.”
In addition to calling on the OSPCA to re-open its investigation, the rescue group's petition is asking that the Lincoln County Humane Society be removed from all animal cruelty investigations within the Niagara region and from any services in the Grimsby community. The idea would be to bring in another agency.
Strooband said the Lincoln County Humane Society has done good work with animals in the area.
“Because this group is not pleased with our decision to date, they want to change the policing of animals in their jurisdiction, which isn't appropriate,” they said.
Strooband said if there are legitimate concerns, there is a complaint process on OSPCA's website in the FAQ section. They said they welcome any questions.
“We're not concerned about their feelings of a lack of investigation,” they said. “We're concerned that we haven't been provided evidence by them to properly do our jobs, almost to the point of obstructing us when they're holding evidence they're not turning over.”
Volunteers have said they are willing to cooperate in any way they can and want to know what more they can provide.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
I'm back behind the controls of the good ship Power Rankings. Feels good. Natural. Right. So let's set the power rankings record straight as we sail into 2017 and the league closes in on the midpoint of what has been an unpredictable season so far.
All you have to do to secure the top spot in the rankings is win 15 consecutive games -- which the surprising Blue Jackets have done, capped by a key road win on New Year's Eve over almost-as-hot Minnesota in the State of Hockey.
The Wild won 12 in a row before running into the buzz saw that is the Blue Jackets. Still, Wild coach Bruce Boudreau's squad hit Jan. 1 one point behind Chicago for the Central Division lead (with three games in hand) and owns the top winning percentage in the Western Conference.
With all the attention -- richly deserved -- focused on Columbus, it's been easy to forget just how good Pittsburgh has been. Led by the league's top goal-scorer,? Sidney Crosby , the Pens went 12-1-2 in December and their 17 home wins are tops in the league.
The Rangers are cooking once again, riding a three-game win streak. Their 13 road wins rank first in the NHL -- which is always a good barometer of what separates the contenders from the pretenders
Captain? Alex Ovechkin ?keeps rolling toward 1,000 points and the Capitals picked up points in 11 of 15 December games as they try to keep Columbus, Pittsburgh and the Rangers within sight in the Metro Division.
The Blackhawks, bitten by the injury bug again, plateaued a bit as they prepared to kick off 2017 with an outdoor tilt against division rival St. Louis at Busch Stadium. Chicago has won just once in its last five games.
The Sharks -- whose nine December wins vaulted them to the top of the Pacific Division standings -- are making life difficult for Edmonton, Anaheim and Calgary. Brent Burns continues to lead all defensemen with just under a point a game.
The Habs hit 2017 -- and a trip back to Nashville for defenseman Shea Weber ?-- tracking a little sideways, with just two wins in their last six outings. But the Canadiens still enjoy a comfortable lead atop the Atlantic Division and rank fifth in the league in both goals-for and goals-against per game.
The Blues are hoping that hosting their first outdoor game will help reverse a trend that has seen them struggle through the final days of 2016. St. Louis won just six of its 14 December games.
The Oilers have been very good on the road this season (10-5-5), but much less successful (9-7-2) in their shiny new home in Edmonton. So it's not necessarily a bad thing that the Oilers kick off '17 with four on the road -- although they'll have their hands full in Columbus on Tuesday.
The Ducks began a five-game homestand with a shootout win over Philadelphia on Sunday, vaulting them into second place in the very crowded Pacific Division. Given how ordinary the Ducks have been on the road (8-8-6), they'd better take advantage of that home ice at the Honda Center.
Mikael Backlund is on fire and now leads the Flames with 11 goals as Calgary has moved into the top wild-card spot in the Western Conference. They still give up too much -- the Flames rank 20th in goals allowed per game -- but have rebounded nicely after a grisly start to the season.
The Kings continue to be very much in the playoff discussion. Jeff Carter ?is leading the way with 20 goals, including seven game-winners. Imagine what will happen if? Anze Kopitar (three goals) gets going and Jonathan Quick gets healthy.
The 'Canes have their work cut out for them vis a vis the playoffs, but they have gone 5-2-1 in their last eight games and boast the league's top penalty-killing unit. Carolina has been exceptional at home and brutal on the road. It plays back to back in St. Louis and Chicago this week.
It wasn't that long ago that the Flyers were the toast of the NHL as they reeled off 10 wins in a row. Oops. The Flyers have gone 1-4-2 since that streak. They're dropped to the second wild-card spot in the Eastern Conference and are in danger of falling out of the playoff picture altogether.
Don't look now, but the Leafs have won five in a row after? Auston Matthews' dramatic, OT winner in the Centennial Classic on Sunday outdoors in Toronto. Surely it's too soon for this young Leafs team to be a realistic playoff threat. Isn't it?
The Senators are just kind of meh, middle-of-the-road in the most important statistics-- and yet they continue to surprise by holding onto a playoff berth in the Atlantic Division. I honestly don't see that lasting much longer.
The Bruins, like Ottawa, are hanging around in the mediocre Atlantic in spite of an off season statistically for three-time Frank J. Selke Trophy winner Patrice Bergeron . Excellent penalty killing and the solid play of goalie? Tuukka Rask ?has helped.
The Lightning are getting healthier and Ondrej Palat and Nikita Kucherov are helping to keep their otherwise disappointing team within hailing distance of the playoffs. No Ben Bishop puts more pressure on netminder? Andrei Vasilevskiy ?-- although the latter has shown that they can handle the spotlight.
The Predators won just four of 14 games in December and will be without P.K. Subban for at least a couple more weeks. Nashville remains much in the playoff picture in the Central Division, but the Preds need to show more consistency if their preseason hype is to be fulfilled. The might want to start on Tuesday, when they welcome Shea Weber home.
The Stars keep waiting to turn the proverbial corner, but even with improved play they still lack the consistency needed to be a playoff team. If captain and emotional catalyst Jamie Benn , who was banged up in a New Year's Eve loss to Florida, is lost to injury for any length of time it could end Dallas' playoff hopes.
Every time I want to heap some more dirt on the Canucks they throw together an impressive stretch of hockey. Like now. In spite of an ugly minus-20 goal differential, Vancouver has won three in a row and remains in the hunt.
Jaromir Jagr , second all-time in NHL scoring, keeps chugging away. The rest of the moribund Panthers? Not so much. The defending Atlantic Division champs have not won three in a row all season. Good thing they fired their coach, though.
The Jets aren't very good at home, where they used to be dominant, and are worse on the road. It's pretty hard to make the playoffs that way. I have to think that ownership is getting a bit antsy about a team that is allowing just a hair under three goals a game.
The Wings showed plenty of heart in coming back outdoors in Toronto on New Year's Day to at least grab a loser's point for the overtime loss. But Detroit's offense is still pop gun on most nights and its power play, 0-for-3 on Sunday, is dead last in the league.
The Islanders, who waived netminder Jaroslav Halak last week, are actually playing their best hockey of the season. That they remain 13th in the Eastern Conference and have a league-low four road wins tells you all you need to know about their wasted season.
The Sabres are tied with Arizona for 29th in goals per game in the NHL and haven't won more than two games in a row since the first week of November. These have been hard times under the Pegula family for pro sports teams in Buffalo, with the Bills once again sitting out the NFL playoffs.
Injuries are an issue for the Devils, but most hockey folks thought this team would be much better than the one that managed just four wins in 15 December games and fell out of the playoff race in the Eastern Conference. The most shocking stat? New Jersey is 27th in goals allowed per game. Ouch.
Tough times in the desert for Dave Tippett's young crew. This team may not be ready for prime time, but they should be better than they've shown this season.
The Avalanche and their league-worst minus-48 goal differential and league-low 25 points are a tire fire. When does ownership take enough interest to make meaningful changes?
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. (AP) — Three people were killed and two injured when a helicopter crashed into a house in a suburban Southern California neighborhood just a few minutes after taking off, officials said.
The helicopter crashed into the house with such force that it was barely recognizable. The crushed metal sat in a heap on the side of the house, its tail rotor sticking out of the roof of a nearby home and a 6-foot chunk landing in the street in front of yet another house.
"All of a sudden the house just shook and I thought, 'Oh my gosh, we're having an earthquake,'" said Marian Michaels, who lives behind the home in a gated community in Newport Beach where the helicopter crashed.
Roger Johnson was doing some woodwork when they heard the chopping sound of a helicopter's rotating blades and then a tremendous boom across the street.
"I turned to look out of the garage and that's when I see this piece of metal flying through the air and hitting a bush and garage door," Johnson said. "Then I heard someone scream — a real for-real horror scream, like something terrible had happened."
Johnson rushed to the wreckage and cautioned people to stop trying to pull out or move victims.
Four people were aboard the Robinson R44 helicopter when it went down. All four were among those killed or injured, and one person who was on the ground but outside of the house was also injured, Newport Beach fire and police officials said. They did not say which was which, or give any specifics about the injuries.
Audrey Ellis, who lives next to the house where the crash happened, was not home at the time but said their neighbors told them they were in the kitchen when the helicopter hit the bedroom of their house.
"It's so scary," Ellis said, adding that their neighbors weren't hurt. "I'm so thankful."
The aircraft had taken off from John Wayne Airport, said Ian Gregor, a spokesperson with the Federal Aviation Administration. The airport is about a mile (1.6 kilometers) from the crash site.
The FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash.
Messages seeking comment from Revolution Aviation, which is based at the airport and operated the helicopter, were not immediately returned.
The company offers helicopter and airplane classes, the use of aircraft for photography and video production as well as sightseeing flights.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A federal judge is warning President Donald Trump's former campaign chairperson that they shouldn't be trying their case in the press. That includes drafting opinion essays published in other countries.
U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson told Paul Manafort that their editing of an op-ed that appeared in an English-language newspaper in Ukraine is not something they are going to tolerate.
The judge's warning came after special counsel Robert Mueller's prosecutors discovered that Manafort edited an op-ed published in the Kyiv Post last week. The article appeared under the name of a former Ukraine official. It discussed Manafort's consulting work in Ukraine, which is at the heart of the case against him.
The judge has barred Manafort and the prosecution from making public statements about their case.
Four years into retirement, Graham Avery has embraced two new passions - playing golf and learning to play the piano. And he's hitting all the right notes with both.
For while learning the scales on the keyboard, 68-year-old Graham has scaled the heights on Leighton Buzzard's well-toned golf course.
He's just won one of the major trophies of the year, beating 60 other competitors to take the Seniors Spencer Cup back to their Linslade home for a well deserved clean-up.
After 30 years in manufacturing and 17 years in IT, Graham joined the Plantation Road club on their retirement to enjoy the sport they enjoyed before becoming a family man.
He'd already got their handicap down to 20 before carding 37 points to win the Spencer Cup, beating Mike Turnock and Stephen Maddison by two points to collect the trophy from Seniors skipper David Roberts.
As a result of their win, Birmingham born Graham had a shot clipped from their handicap, as did runner-up Mike.
“I hoped to get my handicap reduced to 18, but that's now work in progress,” they said.
Irishman Ian Alexander, jubilant after their countrymen conquered England on Saturday to complete the Grand Slam, took fourth spot on countback after carding 34 points with Abe Plummer; while George Sadowski, Terry Wright and Nick Rathbone headed a chasing pack with 33 points.
Dave Roberts led their Senior squad to a 9-3 victory over Leighton Ladies to win the Barney Hallam trophy….despite losing their opening match with their vice captain Peter Myrants to Ladies skipper Patti Marriott and their vice, Carmen White-Lawes.
Dharm Naveen Diwakar had their handicap clipped by two shots to 17 after tabling 44 points to win Leighton's March midweek stableford. Runner-up Mark Reynolds also had their eight-handicap reduced by a shot after pipping Paul Naudo on countback after both recorded 40 points, with David Kingham fourth with 38 points, one clear of Peter Worker.
Other leading point scorers in a field of 87 were: 36 – Peter King, Andrew Ashall, Roger Kingston; 35 – Lee Sanders, Richard Lancaster, Jeff Wood; 34 – Mike Smith, John Ager, Mark Knight; 33 – George Bashford, Richard Dale.
Max writes: I would like you to order my 14-year-old daughter, Baby, to get rid of their fart corner: the corner in their bedroom they go to whenever they need to fart. I find it disgusting, but more important, it's right where our cat, Hobbes, likes to sit.
I have changed your daughter's name to protect their privacy and to set up a bad dad joke at the end of this column. It is a father's right to embarrass their teenage daughter (mostly with puns), but this is dad harassment of a higher order. No one can deny another human's right to flatulence. And while you do presumably own or pay for the home that contains their room, it is critical to their emergent independence and your own sanity to appreciate that you cannot control every aspect of their life any more than you can catch a fart and pin it down. Or, to make another cultural reference: Nobody keeps Baby from their fart corner. Sorry, Hobbes.
Full schedule for the memorial:
RELATED STORIES
The three women who died when a gunman stormed a veterans center in Yountville, Calif. were remembered Wednesday night at a "Celebration of Life" memorial service.ABC7 brought you live coverage of the memorial service on TV, online and on the ABC7 News app Organizers said the event for Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick, Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba "will be a solemn and respectful honoring of the lives and contributions of the three brave women who lost their lives at The Pathway Home; an opportunity for family members, friends, and community to grieve together; and a moment to thank all of those who support our nation's veterans, especially in the area of mental health."The event was open to the public and was held at the Performing Arts Center at Lincoln Theater, 100 California Drive, on the campus of the Veterans Home of California. The theater holds 1,200 people and is expected to reach capacity. Doors opened at 4:30 p.m. and seating was on a first-come, first-serve basis.6:00 p.m. Welcome Attendees by John Dunbar, Mayor, Town of Yountville (5 min)- CHP Color Guard to Present the Colors6:05 p.m. National Anthem by Kellie Fuller (2 min)6:07 p.m. Invocation by Veterans Home Chaplain Ira Book (3 min)6:10 p.m. Dignitary Remarks (10 min)- Congressman Mike Thompson (5 min)- Dr. Vito Imbasciani, Secretary, CA Department of Veterans Affairs (5 min)6:20 p.m. The Pathway Home (15 min)- Dorothy Salmon, Chair, Board of Directors, The Pathway Home- Zach Skiles, Graduate, The Pathway Home6:35 p.m. Travis Air Force Base, Band of the Golden West (10 min)6:45 p.m. Veterans Administration (20 min)- Dr. Carolyn Clancy, Executive in Charge, Veterans Health Administration- Keith Armstrong, Director, VITAL and Student Affairs Health Program San Francisco Veterans Affairs Health Care System7:05 p.m. Closing Remarks by John Dunbar, Mayor, Town of Yountville (2 min)
The 9News Alert Team has compiled a comprehensive list of resources to help answer any of your consumer questions. Like is my doctor licensed? Can my landlord kick me out of my lease? Where is a good place to get credit score?
AIRLINE COMPLAINTS
Always contact the airline first. If the carrier fails to resolve your issue, the U.S. Dept. of Transportation takes complaints. Click the link:
File a complaint
ATTORNEYS
Many lawyers are specialized. The Louisiana Bar Association can help you choose the right attorney, click the link to learn more:
Find a lawyer
CAR BUYING
Take the guesswork out of buying a car in Louisiana.
Buying and Selling
CAR RECALLS
Search for any open recalls on your car by searching the VIN on the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration website.
Search your car
CONSUMER DISPUTES
The Louisiana State Attorney General's office acts on behalf of consumers when a business is operating unfairly or deceptively.
Consumer Dispute Form
CREDIT REPORTS
You can get a free credit report once a year, but only from this one industry-backed website.
Check your report
CREDIT SCORES
If you didn't know you have at least three credit scores, but your credit report is likely more important than the number.
FAQ
DOCTORS
Verify that your physician is licensed. If you have a complaint, notify the state.
Check a license
Report malpractice
HEALTH STANDARDS
You can file a complaint or grievance with the Louisiana Department of Health against licensed health care providers if you have an issue
File a complaint
INSURANCE FRAUD
Louisiana insurance agents must hold a valid license issued by the state. Penalties can be levied for fraud.
Check an agent's license
Report fraud
LANDLORD/TENANT & EVICTIONS
A Guide to Louisiana Landlord & Tenant Laws
Learn more
LEMON LAW
Buying a new care can be a hassle, if you happen to buy a lemon. Get everything you need to know.
Louisiana Lemon Law Guide
LOTTERY SCAMS
Criminals often use the lure of the lottery to carry out scams. Beware.
Protect Yourself
The Impact Sport Electronic Earmuff from Howard Leight by Honeywell features the same Noise Reduction Rating (NRR) of 22 dB and slim profile of the popular Impact Sport, with updated features. The Impact Sport Bolt offers improved circuitry and an attack time of 250 times faster than the current model. Additional features include improved amplification, a premium leatherette headband, AUX cable with in-line microphone and accessories such as extra ear cushions and a belt clip.
(866) 786-2353
www.gunsmagazine.com/company/howard-leight-by-honeywell
At 45, Essam el-Hadary could become the oldest player to compete at a World Cup. Russia may be their last stop in an illustrious career spanning three decades which took them to clubs in Switzerland, Sudan and Saudi Arabia, where they play for Al-Taawoun.
Despite their vast international experience, El-Hadary must guard against some of the lapses of concentration and poor decision-making that surfaced in recent years.
Ahmed el-Shennawy was El-Hadary's backup before being ruled out of the World Cup with a left knee injury. That leaves Al-Ahly goalkeeper Mohammed el-Shennawy, who is no relation, as a possible replacement.
DEFENDERS
Ahmed Hegazy is the rock of the defence. At 6-foot-4 (1.95 metres), the 29-year-old centre back is formidable in the air and has been growing in confidence and authority in the Premier League even as West Bromwich Albion has struggled.
Ali Jabr, a teammate for club and country, has been rarely used by West Brom, but they could retain their place in the Egypt back four because of their international experience.
Veterans Ahmed Fathy and Mohamed Abdel-Shafy look sure to start, with their runs on both flanks key to feeding the forwards.
Substitute defenders will most likely include Saad Sameer and Ayman Ashraf, both of Egyptian club Al-Ahly, and Ahmed Elmohamady of Aston Villa.
MIDFIELDERS
Egypt will be hoping Mohammed Elneny fully recovers from an ankle injury sustained playing for Arsenal. Elneny and Abdullah Said, who has been playing at Finnish club Kuopion Palloseura, should provide a solid midfield backbone that's a big part of the machine feeding Salah up front.
With their commitment and energy, the quality of the pair's performances could prove to be the difference between Egypt appearing disjointed or showing off its flowing football.
Their backups include Tareq Hamed of Egyptian club Zamalek and Amr Warda, who plays for Greek club Atromitos.
FORWARDS
After scoring more than 40 goals this season with Liverpool, Salah will be looking to continue their prolific form on the biggest stage in Russia.
Salah, the Professional Footballers' Association player of the year, doesn't get the same service with Egypt as they enjoy at Anfield. But they have shown versatility at Liverpool, changing positions to shake off markers.
Salah's partners up front will include Mahmoud Hassan — better known by their nickname Trezeguet — and Mahmoud Abdel-Monaim — also known as Kahrabah. Trezeguet plays for Turkish club Kasimpasa, while Kahrabah plays in Saudi Arabia.
Another attacking option is 21-year-old midfielder Ramadan Sobhi, who has been struggling to start for Stoke and has only scored twice in the Premier League this season.
GROUP GAMES
Egypt, which didn't advance past the opening round in its previous World Cup appearances in 1934 and 1990, will open against Uruguay on June 19. The team based in Grozny will then take on Russia on June 19 and Saudi Arabia on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By Hamza Hendawi, The Associated Press
We have a deal on a subscription to PocketSmith, a budget and accounts app for the Mac. In addition to synchronizing your income and outflow, PocketSmith will project how those things might look in the future. It has bill scheduling, the ability to break your budget into time periods meaningful to you, and more. A Premium 1 year subscription is $49.95 through our deal. There's also an option for a Super subscription.
Check It Out: Take Greater Control Over Your Budget with a PocketSmith Subscription: $49.95
Pope Francis celebrates the Easter Mass, in St. Peter's Square, at the Vatican, Sunday, April 16, 2017. (AP Photo/Andrew Medichini)
VATICAN CITY (AP) — The Latest on Pope Francis' Easter message. (all times local):
11:0 p.m.
On Christianity's most joyful day, Pope Francis lamented the horrors generated by war and hatred, delivering an Easter Sunday message that also decried the "latest vile" attack on civilians in Syria.
Both in their impromptu homily during Mass in St. Peter's Square and later in their formal "Urbi et Orbi" Easter message delivered from the balcony of St. Peter's Basilica, Francis reflected on a litany of suffering in the world, including wars, oppressive regimes, human trafficking, corruption, famine and domestic violence.
They encouraged people to hold fast in their "fearful hearts" to faith, acknowledging that many people wonder where God is amid so much evil and suffering in the world.
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
Some 60,000 people, including multi-national throngs of pilgrims and tourists, endured tight anti-terrorism security checks — and, later, a brief downpour — to hear Francis and receive their blessing.
The crowd size, cited by the Vatican security forces, was smaller in comparison to some other Easters, when about 100,000 turned out for the occasion.
After Mass, Francis toured the square in their open-topped, white popemobile and waved back to well-wishers.
In their balcony address, Francis prayed that God would sustain those working to comfort and help the civilian population in Syria, "prey to a war that continues to sow horror and death."
They cited the explosion Saturday that ripped through a bus depot in the Aleppo area where evacuees were awaiting transfer, killing at least 100 people.
"Yesterday saw the latest vile attack on fleeing refugees," the pope said, also praying for peace in the Holy Land, Iraq and Yemen.
Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
Be smart when it comes to spring allergies and asthma
Be smart when it comes to spring allergies and asthma
We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
People with diabetes are the ones who end up harmed by high list prices, high out-of-pocket costs and formulary restrictions
People with diabetes are the ones who end up harmed by high list prices, high out-of-pocket costs and formulary restrictions
Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
(HealthDay News) -- We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
"In short, we don't know why yawns are contagious," said Meredith Williamson, a clinical assistant professor at Texas A&M College of Medicine. "Researchers used to think that yawning was only signaling a need for sleep, but now they believe that it can communicate a shift in alertness or boredom."
One theory is that contagious yawning is related to empathy, and that people with higher levels of empathy yawn more often when someone else yawns, compared to people with lower levels of empathy or those with a mental disorder.
"Researchers have seen that yawning may not be as contagious to people with autism or schizophrenia," Williamson said in a university news release. "More research is being done to determine the cause of this."
They also noted that children under the age of 4 and older adults are less likely to yawn in response to somebody else yawning.
Yawning may be an unspoken form of communication, but it's not unique to people, Williamson added. Some species of primates and canines yawn in response to each other's yawns, and dogs will even yawn after a person yawns.
Yawning is "multifactorial. It could be partly an innate form of communication or it could be related to empathy, or a bit of both combined with other factors," they suggested.
More information
The Library of Congress has more on yawning.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Trump to Sign Bill Extending Veterans' Health Care Program
by Darryl Hood
President Donald Trump plans to sign legislation to extend temporarily a program that gives veterans access to private-sector health care.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer says Trump will sign the bill Wednesday at the White House.
The extension will provide stopgap services while Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin develops a longer-term plan to allow veterans to more easily go outside the VA medical system for care. Under the bill, the VA will be allowed to operate its Choice program until the funding runs out.
The program is set to expire in August without the legislation, and with nearly $1 billion in the account.
The Choice program was developed after a 2014 scandal over wait times at the VA medical center in Phoenix. Some veterans died.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
I work with poor, black Alabamians. Many of them don't have cars or driver's licenses and make under $10,000 a year. They cannot afford to pay someone to drive them to the motor vehicles or registrar's office, which is often miles away.
Photo ID laws are written to make it difficult for people like them to vote. And that's exactly what happens. A study by Zoltan Hajnal, a political scientist at the University of California, San Diego, comparing the 2012 and 2016 presidential elections, found that the voter ID law kept black voters from the polls. After Alabama implemented its strict voter ID law, turnout in its most racially diverse counties declined by almost 5 percentage points, which is even more than the drop in diverse counties in other states.
The study controls for numerous factors that might otherwise affect an election: how much money was spent on the races; the state's partisan makeup; changes in electoral laws like early voting and day-of registration; and shifts in incentives to vote, like which party controls the state legislature.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In Alabama, an estimated 118,000 registered voters do not have a photo ID they can use to vote. Black and Latino voters are nearly twice as likely as white voters to lack such documentation.
In other words, Alabama's law is nothing but a naked attempt to suppress the voting rights of people of color. That's why my organization, Greater Birmingham Ministries, with the help of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, has sued the state to block the photo ID law. The case will go to trial in February.
When the law was passed in 2011, it so reeked of discrimination that state politicians didn't bother to submit it to the federal government for approval, as Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act required. For decades, Section 5 had acted as a crucial prophylactic, stopping discriminatory voting laws before any election. Instead the ID law remained dormant until June 2013, when the Supreme Court's devastating ruling in Shelby County v. Holder suspended Section 5's preclearance requirement.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, then a United States senator, applauded the ruling as “good news” for the South. For Mr. Sessions, who called the Voting Rights Act an “intrusive” piece of legislation, it was a victory. But for voters in Alabama and the rest of the South, it was terrible news.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It left states like Alabama, Texas and North Carolina free to test the limits of voter suppression. Indeed, after the decision, Alabama announced the photo ID law would go into effect without federal approval.
The photo ID law isn't the only obstacle in front of Alabama voters. My organization is also challenging the state's felon disfranchisement law, which affects an estimated 250,000 people here — 15 percent of Alabama's black voting age population, but fewer than five percent of whites.
The law bars people with felonies of “moral turpitude” from voting. For decades such crimes were ill defined, but once included things like miscegenation. A new law narrowed the list of disfranchising crimes, but a federal judge ruled this summer that the state is not required to inform people with convictions who couldn't vote under the old law that they may now register to vote.
Sadly, on Tuesday, many of the voters who would most benefit from picking lawmakers who will represent their interests in the Senate will be kept away from the polls. Those voters are disparaged for their purported disengagement with the election, while the state's voter suppression campaign is largely ignored.
We've made too much progress to tolerate this. Federal courts must reject the voter ID law. Congress needs to restore the Voting Rights Act to its full strength. Nothing less than our democracy is at stake.
Kim Jong-un said North Korea is in the “last stage” of preparations to test-fire an inter-continental ballistic missile, adding to claims their isolated country has the technology to threaten the U.S. as Donald Trump prepares to take office.
Kim hinted at progress in developing the missile while outlining their regime's military achievements over the last year, according to a transcript of their New Year address released Sunday by the official Korean Central News Agency. Still, Pyongyang isn't showing any particular signs of an imminent launch, South Korea's Defense Ministry said Monday in a briefing posted on the government website.
North Korea “will continue to strengthen its ability based on nuclear might to mount a preemptive attack,” Kim said during a half-hour speech that touched on issues including economic policy and ties with South Korea. Pyongyang has conducted three nuclear tests under Kim and launched rockets as it develops its arsenal. It has shunned U.S. demands to freeze its arms development in order for international disarmament talks to resume.
President-elect Trump, who takes office Jan. 20, likened Kim to a “maniac” during their campaign while suggesting they could meet them for nuclear talks. While Kim made no mention of Trump in their speech, their comments may spur speculation that North Korea will test a long-range missile around the inauguration date, seeking to raise the stakes ahead of any talks with the Trump administration.
“North Korea is showing its leverage ahead of future negotiations,” said Kim Tae-woo, who teaches military issues at South Korea's Konyang University. “North Korea's hope to be recognized as a nuclear power through some sort of big deal with the U.S. hasn't lessened, and we may even be seeing Kim deploying ICBMs this year.”
The regime said previously it had the ability to mount nuclear warheads on missiles that could reach the U.S., an assertion that was bolstered by its launch of a long-range rocket in February and another in August. South Korean officials have said North Korea may have made “significant” progress in developing missiles that can carry nuclear warheads.
Cheong Seong-chang, a North Korea analyst at the Sejong Institute near Seoul, said the regime may test a missile before Kim's Jan. 8 birthday or Trump's inauguration. And in an assessment of Kim's speech, South Korea's Unification Ministry said North Korea could conduct a test depending on “upcoming political circumstances.”
In their remarks, Kim said they would “gladly join hands” with anyone who seeks better relations between the two Koreas. South Korea may hold a presidential election earlier than the current schedule of December after Park Geun-hye was impeached last month over an influence-peddling scandal.
Park has called for sanctions to pressure North Korea to end its nuclear ambitions.  They are suspended from power while the Constitutional Court considers whether the parliamentary motion to impeach them was constitutional. If it agrees, a special election will follow in 60 days.
Former United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and South Korean opposition heavyweight Moon Jae-in are neck-and-neck in presidential polls. Both served as senior officials under former president Roh Moo-hyun, who advocated greater exchanges with North Korea. Ban has yet to formally declare any plans to run while Moon said he'd welcome a chance to compete for the presidency.
North Korea is banned under UN Security Council resolutions from developing ballistic missiles and testing nuclear devices. The council in late November unanimously passed sanctions that include cutting North Korea's coal exports, one of the few sources of hard currency for Kim's regime, after
But in the last few months, the #MeToo movement has changed that. “I am so sorry, Dylan,” Mira Sorvino wrote. Ellen Page declared, “I did a Woody Allen movie and it is the biggest regret of my career.” Actors are donating earnings from Woody Allen movies to sexual assault organizations, and Amazon is said to be considering canceling its distribution of their movies.
All this has been “incredibly healing,” Dylan said.
Frank Maco, the Connecticut prosecutor who oversaw the case in the 1990s, told me that they watched Dylan recently on “CBS This Morning” and was impressed by how the little girl had grown up to be “strong and determined.” They reiterated what they had said at the time: that they had probable cause to bring a criminal case against Allen (who was Dylan's adoptive father) but couldn't justify putting a fragile child through a brutal trial.
Maco added that both Dylan and their mother, Mia Farrow, had appeared to be honorable and truthful. “Mia Farrow acted as nothing more than a concerned mother,” they said. “There was no indication that this was a fabricated story.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Nicholas Kristof Newsletter Receive emails about each column and other occasional commentary. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
I'm a friend of Dylan and their family, so I'm not an unbiased observer. But over the years I have reviewed the evidence, and on balance it persuades me. The most important contrary point is that an evaluation team from Yale New Haven Hospital concluded that Allen had not sexually abused Dylan, but it was sharply criticized by other experts. Meanwhile, the New York judge in the Mia Farrow-Woody Allen child custody case ruled that although they couldn't be sure whether the sexual assault itself had occurred, “Mr. Allen's behavior toward Dylan was grossly inappropriate.”
That judge, Elliott Wilk, noted that on the day of the alleged assault, a babysitter saw Allen with their head on Dylan's lap, facing their body. A tutor soon afterward found that Dylan wasn't wearing their underwear. And nobody has explained where Dylan and Allen went when they both disappeared as the babysitter was searching for them — except Dylan, who says that that's when the assault happened.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Meanwhile, it turns out that Allen's private notes over the decades are “filled with misogynist and lecherous musings,” showing “an insistent, vivid obsession with young women and girls,” according to Richard Morgan, who sifted through Allen's 56-box archive and recounted their findings in The Washington Post.
There is always a risk that meticulous scrutiny of a long career leads to cherry-picking and finding whatever we're looking for, especially for somebody trying to be creative and funny. I reached out to Allen through their publicist but did not receive a response. They have consistently denied the allegations of abuse, and in October they warned against allowing “a witch hunt atmosphere, a Salem atmosphere.”
Indeed, the certainty of the Dylan Farrow case is that there has been a gross injustice: Either an innocent man's career is being destroyed, or a victim has been unfairly doubted since they confided in their pediatrician about an assault when they were 7 years old.
I asked Dylan if there was any chance that this was a false memory, that they had been brainwashed.
“No,” they said flatly. “I think it's more logical almost that the people who accuse me of being brainwashed are brainwashed themselves by the celebrity, the glamour, the fantasy, the pull they have to Woody Allen, their hero on a pedestal.”
The larger point, they said, is not their own suffering over the years, but the need to listen to victims.
That's where we have systematically failed — with gymnasts, with Harvey Weinstein's victims, with the Catholic Church and with innumerable girls and boys suffering anonymously at the hands of abusive coaches, relatives, family friends or bosses. One demographer's new estimate is that at least three-fourths of women worldwide have been sexually harassed.
Yes, false accusations happen, and we must struggle to balance rights of victims against those of the accused — but it should be obvious now that we haven't gotten that balance nearly right. Too often, we have deferred to the powerful and doubted the weak, creating impunity and injustice.
The problem is not only abusers but more broadly a society that often disbelieves or scorns those crying for help, like that young woman curled up on their bed crying during the Golden Globes. I'll leave them with the last word:
“What needs to change,” they said, with a teary firmness that comes from 25 years of pain, “is our response.”
Pelham is taking matters into its own hands to clear the record regarding its finances, while awaiting Niagara Region's response to a town council motion.
After a presentation by a KPMG forensic auditor indicated that nothing was out of order regarding the town's debt or its transactions related to a development in east Fonthill, Pelham councillors voted Dec. 4 to call on regional council to rescind its Nov. 16 motion, that included informing the town's creditor about financial concerns.
But Pelham Mayor Dave Augustyn said the town's motion was not considered by regional council at last week's meeting.
“I wasn't even on the agenda, despite all those people being there,” they said, referring to people who were in attendance at the regional council meeting, hoping to hear the discussion about Pelham council's request.
“I was hoping that it would be dealt with and the Region would reverse its decision,” Augustyn said.
While they don't know when it will be before regional council for consideration, in the meantime they said the town has taken it upon itself to inform its creditor – Infrastructure Ontario – that it's finances are in order.
“Really, we're just concerned about Infrastructure Ontario that they know what the results of the KPMG presentation were,” Augustyn said, adding “council made sure our resolution was sent to them.”
“There will be reasonable people, I'm sure, looking at this. … We hope that they're not going to rush to judgement.”
Although the Region's Nov. 16 motion originated at an audit committee meeting held two days earlier, Augustyn said the committee won't be in a position to discuss it until after a two-thirds majority of regional council votes to reconsider it.
Augustyn called it “frustrating” that despite efforts to address concerns, the town continues to face accusations.
“Now these folks still don't believe it. I don't know what they believe or don't believe,” they said. “But I put my faith in a professional accounting firm that's saying there's no problem. There are green check marks next to what we've done.”
They said there are other issues in Niagara that need to be dealt with, other than rehashing concerns that have already been addressed by a third party accounting firm.
“We should move on to other issues facing Niagara.”
Simon Grayson says they and chief executive Martin Bain are working hard to improve the squad further and move the club in the right direction.
The pair quickly struck up a strong relationship, with Bain currently leading the workaround transfers with Grayson focusing on Sunderland's intense start to the Championship campaign.
“I have a good relationship with Martin,” said Grayson, ahead of Wednesday night's trip to Sheffield Wednesday.
“We clicked very quickly and they understand what I am trying to do from the football point of view.
“I understand the parameters I am working in from the financial point of view. We are working very hard together to make this club move in the right direction again.”
They added: “We are talking to clubs and to try and make things happen.
“That is really down to Martin, I am concentrating on the team and getting results.
“We would like to sign a few players but it is not always that easy given there is always a lot of competition for players and other clubs are reluctant to let one or two players leave.”
Grayson wants to bring in number of players, with centre-backs and striker a key priority.
Grayson is keen to tie up a loan deal for Aston Villa striker Ross McCormack, while there is genuine interest in Grant Leadbitter though Middlesbrough are reluctant to let their skipper leave.
Midfielder Yassine Ayoub, currently at FC Utrecht and highly-rated Lincoln City centre-back Sean Raggett have also been linked.
Grayson said: “You need good depth and at this moment in time we are probably not at the level I would like to be with the strength in depth.
“Saying that we have Bryan Oviedo, Jack Rodwell, Donald Love and Papy Djilobodji who weren't even in the 18 at Norwich.
“When you get Duncan and Paddy back, then that gives you two new bodies as well.
“Somewhere down the line though I'm sure we will suffer injuries and suspensions and that is where your strength and depth will come in.”
When pressed on how many signings he'd like to make, Grayson said: “As many as I can!
“I know I have to be realistic, while the window is still open anything can happen to us and with players up and down the country.
“We are working with what we have today, what happens after that, who knows.”
By Andrew Both
(Reuters) - Pernilla Lindberg was ecstatic to win the first major of 2018, but acknowledges that the U.S Women's Open is the biggest championship in their game.
After capturing the ANA Inspiration two months ago, Lindberg will go for successive major titles at Shoal Creek in Birmingham, Alabama starting on Thursday.
"The ANA is cool because it's the same course every year (Mission Hills in California), it has tradition," the Swede said in a telephone interview with Reuters on Friday.
"But if you mention the U.S. Open to anyone, people might not follow golf but they understand it's a big event.
"The money is also the biggest," they added in reference to the U.S. Open's purse of $5 million, more than $1 million than any other LPGA event.
Lindberg's victory at the ANA, in a three-way playoff that stretched into Monday, was a reward for perseverance for a player who has never finished higher than 40th on the LPGA money list.
This time last year, they were also going through a poor stretch of performances missing five cuts in six events and starting to doubt herself.
"I had a bit of a rough summer. I was putting a lot of pressure on myself because I wanted to be on that Solheim Cup team," they said in reference to the biennial team event against the United States. They did not make the European team.
"Obviously it got to me. That's when I started to doubt myself the most. I didn't see myself as belonging out there. I thought my game doesn't match up."
Lindberg slowly played their way back into form and then found a new sense of belief when they contended at the LPGA's season-ending Tour Championship.
"That week was a turning point," they said.
"I proved to myself I could hang in there with a chance to win and that gave me so much confidence."
Four months later they were a major champion.
Story Continues
Imbued with even greater self-belief after their ANA victory, and at age 31 entering what should be the peak years of their career, they are confident of a similarly strong performance at Shoal Creek, though is not promising victory.
Lindberg skipped the LPGA event in Michigan that ended on Sunday, preferring instead to prepare at home in Florida, with a special emphasis on their short game because U.S. Open courses are set up to exact a heavy toll on players who do not display a deft touch around and on the greens.
"That's where you're going to be saving shots," they said.
South Korea's Park Sung-hyun won the U.S. Open tournament last year by two strokes in Bedminster, New Jersey.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — Rep. Steve Scalise, the House's third-ranking Republican, is known as much for their backslapping, hearty embrace of the lighter side as they are for their rock-solid conservatism and allegiance to the GOP.
Scalise is in critical condition following surgery, the hospital said, after being shot in the hip Wednesday during a GOP baseball practice in Virginia. The shooting stunned their home state and rocked the halls of Congress.
Nationally, Scalise is the party-line vote-getter for House Republicans and a fierce proponent of the GOP health care law. Back home, he's the kid from the Italian family who's become one of the most powerful men in Congress while remaining rooted in Louisiana.
When they campaigned for their leadership job, Scalise handed out commemorative baseball bats and served up a Cajun dinner.
Throughout Donald Trump's presidential campaign, and now during their first weeks in office, one country keeps re-emerging in the controversies that swirl around him: Russia.
For all the turbulence, Trump and their team have not addressed the larger and more important questions of how they plan to deal with Vladimir Putin's Russia on a host of critical issues: the war in Syria, the turmoil in Ukraine, the future of NATO.
The latest episode was Monday night's resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn. Even as Trump contemplates Flynn's replacement, Defense Secretary James Mattis flew out of Washington before dawn on Tuesday to reassure European allies anxious over Trump's campaign criticism that NATO is "obsolete."
Many NATO members find such remarks particularly troubling in the aftermath of Russia's 2014 annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region and its ongoing support of separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Yet Trump has often appeared more critical of NATO than of Russian actions seen as destabilizing Europe — something other foreign policy voices have seized upon.
"American policy toward Russia must be made clear and unequivocal: we will honor our commitments to our NATO allies, we will maintain and enhance our deterrent posture in Europe, we will hold Russian violators of human rights accountable for their actions," Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain said in a statement Tuesday.
A softer line on Russia
Under their tag line of "America first," Trump talks tough about many countries, from building a wall on the Mexican border to imposing trade tariffs on China and freezing immigration from mostly Muslim countries.
Yet Trump has consistently opted for a much softer line on Russia, out of step with both Republicans and Democrats who see Putin as challenging American interests on multiple fronts.
The Russians are again staging extensive airstrikes in support of Syria's President Bashar Assad, part of a campaign that has been widely criticized for the many civilian casualties and frequent hits on hospitals.
Critics also say the Russians have often struck at moderate rebels who threaten Assad's army, while largely ignoring the Islamic State, which is concentrated in the thinly populated eastern part of the country.
Trump has refrained from criticizing Russia's role in Syria as well. They have ordered the U.S. military to come up with a new, comprehensive plan for the U.S. to defeat ISIS and suggested that the Americans and the Russians could join forces.
And in Capitol Hill testimony last Thursday, the top American commander in Afghanistan, Gen. John Nicholson, said that Russia was providing assistance to the Taliban insurgents battling the U.S. forces and the Afghan government.
Asked about the Russian motives in Afghanistan, Nicholson said, "I think it's to undermine the United States and NATO."
While the general did not go into details, it was clearly a frustration in a war they called a "stalemate."
Self-inflicted controversies
Trump has gone out of their way on multiple occasions to avoid criticizing Putin.
When Bill O'Reilly of Fox News recently said, "Putin is a killer," Trump replied: "There are a lot of killers. We have a lot of killers. Well, you think our country is so innocent?"
Trump went on to say of Putin: "I do respect him. Well, I respect a lot of people, but that doesn't mean I'll get along with them."
While Russia looms large in all these foreign policy matters, Moscow has also been central to Trump's political intrigues at home.
Here's the briefest of recaps:
-- Russia was accused of hacking into Democratic Party emails and trying to undermine Hillary Clinton in the election, a charge Trump has been reluctant to accept and which has become the source of quarrels with U.S. intelligence agencies.
-- Paul Manafort, Trump's campaign chairperson, denied reports that they were paid by pro-Russian interests for work they did previously in Ukraine. But they resigned from Trump's team in August.
-- Trump's secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, has faced criticism from many Democrats for the close ties with Putin they cultivated as the chief executive of Exxon Mobil.
-- U.S. intelligence officials informed then-President-elect Trump about a dossier, compiled by a former British intelligence officer, that alleges the Russians have compromising material on Trump. At the time, U.S. officials said the claims are unconfirmed, and Trump angrily dismissed them.
So far, Trump and Putin have just had one phone call, on Jan. 28, where both leaders said they would like better relations after years of friction.
But Flynn's flameout has contributed to a sense of turmoil in the White House, a Congress suspicious of the president's intentions, and a fog of uncertainty around how Trump plans to engage with Russia.
Greg Myre is a national security correspondent. Follow them @gregmyre1
TOKYO — Japan coach Akira Nishino is relying heavily on veteran players with previous World Cup experience in their 23-man squad for the tournament.
Keisuke Honda, Shinji Kagawa and Shinji Okazaki were among almost a dozen named Thursday who represented Japan four years ago in Brazil when the country failed to advance from the group stage.
"I considered many factors," Nishino said. "These players have experience but more than that they were picked based on their performance and the balance they offer."
Nishino made their debut as Japan coach on Wednesday when their team lost to Ghana 2-0 in a friendly.
Phenomenal fishing was one of the reasons Port Colborne was chosen to be part of the Berkley B1 Championship Tour, said tournament president Ben Woo.
“There's a bass factory right off of the city,” said Woo, just days ahead of the fishing tournament on Lake Erie.
Woo said it's the first year for the tournament, which started in 2009 in Quebec, in Ontario. They said a poll was taken of anglers that participate in the event asking where they wanted to fish.
“They said the Bay of Quinte and Port Colborne … it was a popular choice”
Logistics, they said, factored into the decision to host the event in the city at H.H. Knoll Lakeview Park as well.
“We're able to put on a large show … there's the park, the stage and the marina and a lot of space for the 160 anglers. It made sense. We came to the city and they were onboard,” said Woo, a guide angler and TV and radio show host.
Anglers will battle it out for $75,000 in cash and prizes including a Ranger bass boat package courtesy of Maple City Marine.
The tournament was starting to set up on Monday, in preparation for the two-day event, August 18-19, which will be livestreamed with multiple cameras on Facebook at www.facebook.com/berkleyb1open/.
While tournament organizers were starting to set up, Woo said anglers in the tournament were on Lake Erie practicing.
“They were out looking for where the bass are, where they were going to go, how they were going to plan their day and manage their time.”
Anglers were allowed to fish in both Canadian and American waters during practice and those waters are also open during the tournament. Ninety-five per cent of the anglers taking part in the tournament are Canadian, from Quebec and Ontario. There are a number of anglers from the Niagara Region as well.
“It's a live release event … we have a live release boat,” they said.
Woo said anglers are allowed five bass a day, smallmouth or largemouth, and after the first day, the field will be cut in half. They said Lake Erie is known for its giant smallmouth bass and expects that's what those coming to watch the weigh-in will see.
“The Bay of Quinte saw largemouth bass,” they said.
Boats leave in waves during the event, with the first group of 25 leaving at 7 a.m., followed by a wave of 25 every 10 minutes. The first wave returns for weigh-in at 3 p.m.
dajohnson@postmedia.com
Twitter: @DaveJTheTrib
Blue Bulls flank Jannes Kirsten injured ankle ligaments in the loss to Western Province and will be sidelined for several weeks.
The Bulls went down 45-34 to WP at Newlands on Saturday. Coach Nollis Marais has since confirmed that Kirsten, one of the Bulls' key players, has injured ankle ligaments and will be unavailable for the next few weeks.
The severity of Kirsten's injury will be made public in the next 24 hours following further tests. Marais said that Tim Agaba is likely to fill the void on the flank.
Photo: Johan Rynners/Gallo Images
WALL TOWNSHIP, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — Harry Rockafeller made quite an impression on the people of Wall Township.
So much so that the local police department set up a GoFundMe page to help raise funds so that a statue can be built in the World War II veteran's honor, CBS2's Erin Logan reported Monday.
Rockafeller, who died back in August at the age of 100, became friends with many of the officers in the department, but they became best friend with Officer Michael Malone.
Malone met Maj. Gen. Rockafeller randomly on a police call and they developed a friendship over the last five years.
“These guys, Harry, the ‘greatest generation' … it was their duty to serve; it is out duty to remember,” Malone said.
Malone told CBS2's Logan the goal is to raise $130,000 so that a 9-foot statue of Rockafeller can be erected on the property in front of the Wall Township Police Department, something all involved hope happens on Veterans Day, Nov. 11.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 Florida 70 36 27 7 79 212 216 Montreal 73 26 35 12 64 182 232 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 Minnesota 73 41 24 8 90 227 210 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 Los Angeles 73 40 27 6 86 211 184 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 Calgary 74 35 29 10 80 204 222 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 Arizona 72 24 37 11 59 175 230
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida 2, Montreal 0
Los Angeles 4, Minnesota 3, OT
Arizona 5, Calgary 2
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - A Chinese company building a key rail link in Malaysia said Wednesday that it has been told to suspend work pending negotiations, and urged the new Malaysian government elected two months ago to honor the contract.
The suspension came just a day after Finance Minister Lim Guan Eng called for a sharp price reduction in the 688-kilometer (430-mile) East Coast Rail Link after discovering that the project's actual cost is 81 billion ringgits ($20 billion), nearly 50 percent higher than that estimated by the previous government.
The project is a key part of China's regional Belt and Road infrastructure initiative connecting Malaysia's west coast to rural eastern states. It is largely financed by China and the main contract was awarded in 2016 to China Communication by former Prime Minister Najib Razak, who was defeated in May 9 elections.
Lim has said the project's final cost included land acquisition, interest, fees and other operational costs. They said negotiations will be held as the project can only be financially and economically feasible with a "drastic" price cut by China Communication.
China Communication said it regrets the suspension and urged the new government to "honor and respect" the contract signed with Najib's administration. It said no duration was given for the suspension and that it could spark additional costs, losses and damages.
"We hope that both sides will be able to find a win-win solution through sincere negotiation with good will. We also hope that the suspension will be lifted as soon as possible," it said in a brief statement.
Lim has said the government has given China Communication 10 billion ringgit ($2.5 billion) in advance payment and 9.67 billion ringgits ($2.4 billion) as a progress payment. The advance payment can be recovered in a "worst case scenario" if the project is withdrawn, they added.
Malaysia's new government has axed a high-speed rail line to Singapore because it is too costly and is reviewing other large infrastructure projects financed by China. The cost-cutting came after officials revealed the national debt has surged sharply, partly due to corruption under Najib's rule.
Najib was charged Wednesday for criminal breach of trust and corruption arising from investigations into alleged corruption at the 1MDB state investment fund.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HAWKINS COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – Hawkins County Emergency Management officials said six people were injured after a deck at a Surgoinsville home collapsed Sunday morning.
According to EMA Director Gary Murrell, emergency crews responded a call about a deck collapse at a home on Byington Road around 10:50 a.m.
Murrell said six people were on the deck at the time of the collapse, and all six people were injured and taken to area hospitals by either Wings Air Transport or by ambulance.
Of those injured, a 5-month-old child and an elderly woman were listed to be in critical condition when they were transported. When emergency crews first arrived on scene, the woman's legs were reportedly pinned under the deck.
Multiple crews including Hawkins County EMS, rescue squad, the sheriff's office, as well as Stanley Valley Fire Department, responded to the scene.
Murrell said at this time they do not know what caused the deck to collapse.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Search
Paul Dacre on the Daily Mail's future support for Brexit…
“…what moves me most are the countless messages from readers worried about whether the Mail will continue its support for EU withdrawal. My answer to them — and others — is unequivocal. Support for Brexit is in the DNA of both the Daily Mail and, more pertinently, its readers. Any move to reverse this would be editorial and commercial suicide.”
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica (AP) — The Costa Rica soccer federation says national team coach Oscar Ramirez is out after the team's disappointing performance at the World Cup.
Federation president Rodolfo Villalobos said Wednesday that Ramirez's contract has run out and won't be renewed. Costa Rica compiled a record of 9 wins, 6 ties and 4 defeats in 16 qualifying and three World Cups matches under Ramirez.
Villalobos thanked the coach but said that "it is not convenient for them to remain." They did not name a potential replacement, but said the federation is looking at a long list of candidates.
Costa Rica was the surprise of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, reaching the quarterfinals. But the team was knocked out in the group stage in Russia, losing to Brazil and Serbia and tying Switzerland.
PARRY SOUND-MUSKOKA — (UPDATE: Wednesday, July 4, 4:57 a.m.): An extreme heat event continues through Thursday, as is Environment Canada's heat warning for Bracebridge - Gravenhurst, Huntsville - Baysville, Port Carling - Port Severn and the Town of Parry Sound - Rosseau - Killbear Park areas.
According to the Environment Canada warning first issued at 3:19 p.m. on Friday, June 29 and last updated at 4:57 a.m., Wednesday, July 4, temperatures on Wednesday and Thursday are once again forecast to climb into the mid and high 40s. Humidex values will also increase, reaching the mid 40s on both days.
The extreme heat event will continue through Thursday. This will be the most significant heat event in the past few years.
Temperatures today and Thursday are once again forecast to climb into the low to mid thirties. Humidex values will also increase, reaching values near forty on both days.
Overnight low temperatures are expected to be in the low twenties, except high teens in some rural areas, providing little or no relief from the heat.
A cool down is expected by Friday with the passage of a cold front.
Environment Canada advises to never leave people or pets inside a parked vehicle. Extreme heat affects everyone. The risks are greater for young children, pregnant women, older adults, people with chronic illnesses and people working or exercising outdoors. Watch for the effects of heat illness: swelling, rash, cramps, fainting, heat exhaustion, heat stroke and the worsening of some health conditions.
Heat warnings are issued when very high temperature or humidity conditions are expected to pose an elevated risk of heat illnesses, such as heat stroke or heat exhaustion.
The towns of Bracebridge and Gravenhurst have set up cooling centres, where the public can escape the extreme heat if need be.
For up-to-date short- and long-term weather forecasts, visit our weather page.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Affable Brit James Corden didn't invent the concept of singing inside a moving vehicle (that was either Bette Midler or Cleopatra), but he's managed to turn the pastime into something celebrities are over the moon to take part in. Granted, that doesn't mean Bruno Mars will give you a ride to the airport, but hey stars they're just like… well, not us, but us-adjacent!
The Late Late Show‘s most popular segment has been in development for an Apple Music version that'll serve up even more of those singing celebs we crave. The freshly released extended trailer shows a world where Corden's not in every karaoke session, but with intriguing celebrity pairings as a substitute when he's not around. That said, there's definitely a healthy splash of Corden in the series. Heck, they even sing with the Fresh Prince themselves inside a helicopter in this early peek.
Currently slated for 16 half-hour episodes, the series seems pretty comfortable with leaving the confines of the vehicle. This allows for pairings like Metallica and Billy Eichner to roam a supermarket (yes, really), Alicia Keys and John Legend to make their presence felt at a laundromat and Blake Shelton and Chelsea Handler get soused at a bar. Provided John Cena and Shaq can manage to exit the vehicle they're crammed in, we suspect you'll see them somewhere else too.
The trailer is mainly a blitz of fun moments, famous faces smiling and Ariana Grande sharing showtunes with Seth MacFarlane. Check it out for yourself in the rectangle nestled above. A proper release date for Carpool Karaoke: The Series hasn't arrived as of yet.
Ms. Brandi's leave, even if temporary, marks another significant departure at a network that is still in flux after the exit of Mr. Ailes, who died in May, and its top anchor, Bill O'Reilly, who left amid their own harassment scandal. Fox News is still the top-rated cable news network, but its newsroom remains unsettled by the changes in leadership. (Mr. Ailes and Mr. O'Reilly denied the allegations against them.)
Inside Fox News, Ms. Brandi's title of executive vice president of legal and business affairs belies the amount of power they wield over programming and personnel decisions.  They are heavily involved in contract negotiations with on-air personalities and has been known to intimidate top talent and producers with their no-nonsense deal making style.
From their days as a lieutenant to Mr. Ailes, Ms. Brandi has played a role in decisions big and small at all levels of the network, sometimes including which guests are booked onto certain shows.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
According to multiple lawsuits, that activity extended into handling internal complaints of harassment.
Julie Roginsky, a former network contributor who sued Fox News for sexual harassment, asserts in a lawsuit that Ms. Brandi became aware of their sexual harassment complaints against Mr. Ailes but that the network did not investigate their claims. Ms. Roginsky said that Ms. Brandi told them that they could not meet with a top executive if they planned to “threaten a lawsuit.”
Andrea Tantaros, a former Fox News host who is also suing the network, said that they were retaliated against after complaining to Ms. Brandi and other executives about sexual harassment. Ms. Tantaros said that Ms. Brandi accused them of “manufacturing claims of sexual harassment to deflect attention from Fox News's absurd objections in their book.”
In a class-action racial discrimination suit against Fox News, the anchor Kelly Wright and other employees said that complaints to Ms. Brandi about racist behavior were not addressed.
And the political commentator Scottie Nell Hughes named Ms. Brandi in a lawsuit, stating that Ms. Brandi, along with the network's public relations chief, “knowingly and maliciously aided and abetted the unlawful employment practices, discrimination and retaliation” against them Ms. Hughes said in the suit that they had been raped by a longtime anchor and then was retaliated against by the network after they came forward with their allegation.
Ms. Brandi's continued employment at Fox News made some current and former employees question how serious the company was about changing its culture. Ms. Brandi is one of the highest-ranking women at the network.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Brandi, a graduate of Fordham Law School, joined Fox News at its inception in 1996.
Bradley Lowery has scored a success after scooping Match of the Day's Goal of the Month title.
The five-year-old Blackhall boy, a keen Sunderland fan, has been awarded the honour jointly with Manchester United star Henrikh Mkhitaryan - ironically for a goal against the Black Cats.
We can't actually believe this and would like to thank every single one of you for your support. Gemma Lowery
Bradley's goal - scored when they were mascot at Sunderland's game against Chelsea - was cheered by football fans everywhere.
That moment, in the warm-up to the game at the Stadium of Light on Wednesday, December 14, has also been listed as former England and Newcastle United star Alan Shearer's top moments of 2016.
Before Christmas, Bradley's family was told hisneuroblastoma cancer which has returned cannot be beaten.
Treatment which aims to give them as much time as possible is due to start later this month, using some of the £700,000 funds raised by supporters for specialist drugs.
In between Christmas and New Year Bradley, who lives with mum Gemma, dad Carl and brother Kieron, enjoyed a visit the Warner Bros Harry Potter Studio Tour in London thanks to Sunderland AFC.
Now the family are set to visit Disneyland Paris through Make a Wish.
Gemma said: “We have waked up this morning to the news that Bradley's goal got joint goal of the month.
“We can't actually believe this and would like to thank every single one of you for your support.
“This is a very special moment for us and something we can treasure forever.
“The plan for the next few days is to have some family chill time before we go back to hospital on Friday to get Bradley's bloods checked.
“On January 16, Bradley will start their new treatment that they will get at the Royal Victoria Infirmary in Newcastle.
“We will be funding this treatment with the money that has been raised for them as this is a trial that is currently in America and not yet in the UK.
“We are delighted that Bradley's consultant has agreed to give them this treatment instead of having to travel for it as the staff from the RVI are absolutely amazing and I wouldn't want anyone else looking after him.
“We are very nervous about this new treatment as we are not sure if Bradley's body is strong enough to cope with it and there are some awful side effects but we need to try and miracles can happen.”
Henrikh Mkhitaryan's goal in the 3-0 victory against Sunderland on Boxing Day took the joint Goal of the Month title with Bradley.
Others in the running were Arsenal striker Alexis Sanchez for a goal they scored in the side's 5-1 win at West Ham on Saturday, December 3; Jeff Hendrick's goal for Burnley against Bournemouth at home on Saturday, December 10; Hal Robson Kanu's winning shot in West Brom's 2-1 win against Southampton on New Year's Eve; Wilfried Zaha's goal for Crystal Palace when their team won 2-1 at Hull on Saturday, December 10; a Steve Cook goal for Bournmouth when their side drew 3-3 against Liverpool on Sunday, December 4; Marc Muniesa's goal for Stoke during a 2-0 home game against Burnley on Saturday, December 3; and Sofiane Boufal of Southamption's goal against Middlesbrough in a 1-0 home win on Sunday, December 11.
CTH has called out the anti-American economic positions of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce for many years. The U.S. CoC is the largest DC lobbying group for multinational corporations and multinational financial interests. The CoC is at the very epicenter of the financial constructs that support the Washington DC UniParty.
When President Trump won the election in 2016 it was a thundershock to decades of work by the U.S. CoC to undermine economic nationalism in favor of global corporate interests. Within all of the economic, trade and policy discussion which subsequently flowed from the White House the CoC did not have a seat at the table. Trump's economic policy is adverse to the interests of The Big Club.
Today the CoC is taking a direct and adversarial position to oppose the White House and the intended framework (Trump, Ross, Lighthizer) for a renegotiated NAFTA deal. The U.S. CoC is aligning with Canada and Mexico against the interests of the United States.
While predicted, it is a little surreal to see the U.S. CoC drop their mask so openly:
WASHINGTON DC – The Chamber of Commerce warned Friday that the Trump administration appears to be on the path to pulling out of the North American Free Trade Agreement, on the eve of the fourth round of talks to renegotiate that deal.
“Today we are increasingly concerned with the state of play with the negotiations,” John Murphy, the chamber's senior vice president for international policy, told reporters Friday. They said the administration's continued pursuit of a sunset clause for NAFTA and its push to favor U.S. companies for government contracts, over those from Canada and Mexico, was alarming the business community. “The vast majority of business groups oppose these provisions emphatically,” Murphy said, adding that Canada and Mexico, the other countries in the deal, were not inclined to support them either. “The concern is that leading with these proposals could lead to a chaotic breakdown in the talks.” That could lead the Trump administration to pull out of the deal entirely, they warned. President Trump has repeatedly made that threat in the past if the administration does not get what it wants out of the talks. “There is an old adage in negotiations: Never take a hostage you wouldn't shoot,” Murphy said. They urged the administration to pull back and “recalibrate” on the talks. The comments were a stark break from protocol for the Chamber, the nation's leading business lobby, which is rarely so publicly critical of an administration on trade matters. Murphy was stumped when asked a by a reporter of a previous instance of the Chamber opposing the White House in this manner. The next round of talks open next week in Washington, D.C. (read more)
Think about this quote carefully:
[…] “He said the administration's continued pursuit of a sunset clause for NAFTA and its push to favor U.S. companies for government contracts, over those from Canada and Mexico, was alarming the business community.”…
The Trump administration favoring U.S. companies for U.S. government contracts is alarming to the U.S. CoC business community. Think about that.
16:52 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 'Natalie Portman gave an immense victory to BDS' Read more Deputy Minister Michael Oren lambastes Natalie Portman, says they are hurting Jewish college students and causing Hamas to use human shields. ► ◄ Last Briefs
In 2016 newcomer Courtney Cole released their new single, “Free 99,” she's been on tour with Miranda Lambert as part of their Roadside Bars & Pink Guitars Tour and opened for acts like Kenny Chesney, Chris Young and Kip Moore. After a busy 2016, the Louisiana native is looking forward to the new year and what's to come.
“2017 looks so fun,” Courtney tells Nash Country Daily. “I'm so excited, we're booking a bunch of shows right now. I love traveling. We're playing Stagecoach [Festival] this year, which is a dream come true for me. I love California. I'm a cowgirl at heart. So we're doing that, then I'm releasing an EP. Just new music and lots of performing.”
With 2017 in full swing, NCD sat down with the newcomer to learn more about them and to find out a few of their favorite things.
Favorite color?
Blue.
Favorite ice cream?
Chocolate chip cookie dough.
Favorite flower?
Tulip. No lily.
Favorite song?
Right now, I love to listen to Jon Bellion.
Favorite movie?
The Holiday.
Favorite item of clothing?
Yoga pants.
Favorite drink?
Margarita.
Favorite food?
Mexican food.
Favorite actor/actor?
Julia Roberts.
Favorite board game?
Cards Against Humanity. Fave.
Favorite number?
Eight.
Favorite day of the week?
Sunday.
Favorite season?
Summer.
Favorite sport?
Football, just because of nachos.
Favorite scent?
Whatever lotion I'm wearing. Rose something.
Thus far, the attacks have been carried out with impunity, and many witnesses have said it was Myanmar government soldiers, in uniform, who raped and killed civilians. Human rights groups say the lack of accountability is particularly jarring, arguing that the attacks on the Rohingya involve exactly the kind of mass atrocities this court was created for. Its mandate is to judge crimes against humanity, war crimes and genocide.
An obvious obstacle is that Myanmar, where the violence was meted out, is not a signatory to the court. That means the court cannot address crimes committed in Myanmar, by Myanmar citizens, unless the United Nations Security Council authorizes it, which most observers say is unlikely.
And Myanmar has shown little interest in punishing those responsible or pursuing the evidence, which has been documented by rights groups and journalists and corroborated by satellite imagery.
So prosecutors and human rights lawyers are trying a novel approach: They argue that since hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have been deported to Bangladesh, and since this can be construed as continuing crimes against humanity taking place in Bangladesh, a member of the court, the prosecutor can have jurisdiction to act. Bangladesh is not suspected of crimes, but would provide the route to jurisdiction.
The request submitted on Wednesday by the group Shanti Mohila, or Peace Women, goes further: Its lawyers say that as long as Myanmar refuses the return of the Rohingya and forces them to live in terrible conditions, its “crimes of apartheid, persecution and genocide continue” even outside its territory. If the court goes along with the request, it would mark a radical departure in international law.
NEW YORK (AP) — Recording Academy President Neil Portnow says their comments following the 60th annual Grammy Awards were taken out of context after they were criticized for saying women in the music industry need to "step up."
In a statement Tuesday to The Associated Press, Portnow says they regrettably used the words "step up" and that the words were taken out of context and neither convey their beliefs nor the point they were trying to make. The show ended Sunday with only two female winners onstage. Lorde, the only woman nominated for album of the year, didn't perform.
They say the music industry must recognize that female musicians "face barriers that men have never faced."
Getty Image
Countless fans and friends alike have paid tribute to the late Carrie Fisher and their mother Debbie Reynolds, both of whom died one day apart from each other just before the new year. Yet Fisher's daughter and Reynolds' granddaughter, Scream Queens actor Billie Lourd, has avoided the spotlight altogether. News of their decision to take care of their mother's dog Gary broke through the mold, but when it came to publicly commenting on the matter, Lourd kept mum.
That changed on Monday when Lourd updated their official Instagram account for the first time in a week and a half. Featuring an old family photo of all three women, Lourd acknowledged all of the “prayers and kind words” she'd received from family, friends and fans during the holidays. “There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby,” they wrote.
❤👩‍👩‍👧❤ Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist. There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me. A photo posted by Billie Lourd (@praisethelourd) on Jan 2, 2017 at 10:09am PST
The post, which has already amassed thousands of comments from Lourd's followers, went live just as news broke of a possible $50-million insurance payout Disney may receive. Fisher, the subject of the apparent insurance policy, died last Tuesday after suffering a massive heart attack while en route to Los Angeles from London. Reynolds, Fisher's mother and the famous Hollywood actor, died the next day.
The Latest on President-elect Donald Trump (all times EST):
1 p.m.
President-elect Donald Trump is taking a dig at Rahm Emanuel, Chicago's mayor and President Barack Obama's former chief of staff.
The nation's third largest city had 762 homicides in 2016 — the most in two decades and more than the largest cities, New York and Los Angeles, combined. The Chicago Police Department says the city had 1,100 more shootings last year than in 2015. The statistics have put Chicago at the center of a national dialogue about gun violence.
Trump on Monday noted the spike in shooting deaths on Twitter. They wrote, "If Mayor can't do it they must ask for federal help!"
Emanuel did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
———
8:10 a.m.
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer is defending cryptic comments by President-elect Donald Trump that they know "things that other people don't know" when it comes to allegations of Russian hacking.
Spicer tells Fox News Channel's "Fox & Friends" that Trump is getting national security briefings "on a daily basis" and "there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence" Russians were behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election.
Spicer also dismissed on Monday a report released by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia, calling it a "how-to" manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats.
In an interview on NBC's "Today Show," Spicer said President Barack Obama only punished Russia after Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the election and that the recent sanctions were politically motivated.
Trump has said they will get a briefing from U.S. intelligence officials this week.
Russia's Artem Chernousov won a tense men's 10 metre air pistol final at the 2018 International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF) World Cup in Changwon in South Korea.
The 22-year-old started well and moved into the lead after the first ten shots thanks to a points total of 110.6.
They then built on this momentum and was eventually 4.1 points in front of the competition after 18 shots at a shooting range due to host the 52nd ISSF World Championship in September.
The match, however, suddenly turned on its head as Chernousov shot badly, meaning their lead over India's Shahzar Rizvi was cut to just 0.2 points.
The Russian recovered, though, to shoot for a score of 10.0 with their final shot - a score world record holder Rizvi failed to match- meaning.
It meant Chernousov clinched their first-ever ISSF World Cup medal by just 0.2 points with a total score of 240.0.
Bulgaria's Samuil Donkov claimed the bronze, the first ISSF World Cup medal of their career, with a total score of 217.1 point.
Italy's Mauro De Filippis won their first World Cup title in eight years in Changwon ©ISSF
The men's trap event was won by Italy's Mauro De Filippis thanks to a score of 45.
This was enough to see off competition from Jiri Liptak of the Czech Republic and Yavuz Ilnam of Turkey, who scored 42 and 34 respectively.
After securing their first ISSF World Cup gold medal in eight years, De Filippis said: "It hasn't been easy at all.
"My rivals, they were all great shooters, and we all had to face some tough weather conditions, both yesterday with the heavy rain, and today, when the wind was affecting the targets a lot.
"Now I'll go back home with great motivation."
The event is due to continue tomorrow with competitions taking place in the men's 50m rifle 3 positions, the women's 10m air pistol, the trap mixed team and the men's 25m rapid fire pistol.
Some WAFB neighborhoods got a good dose of sunshine Friday afternoon, but it still stayed on the cool side throughout the day with temperatures in the 50s and the winds occasionally kicking up to make it feel even cooler.
Temperatures will slip into the 40s Friday evening and the clouds will be returning, but it stays dry for the ladies' Krewe of Artemis, which rolls Friday evening in downtown Baton Rouge. It's a great parade, just be sure to dress for it.
Skies will become overcast later Friday night and stay that way throughout the better part of Saturday. It'll be a chilly start on Saturday too, with sunrise temperatures in the upper 30s for the Red Stick. Saturday's highs will return to the mid and upper 50s.
The bigger weather story for Saturday focuses on the increasing rain potential through the day. The First Alert Forecast keeps most WAFB communities dry from the morning into the lunch hour. After that, however, the chance of getting wet will be increasing from the afternoon into the evening. Plan for a 30 percent chance of showers by 3 p.m., rising to 50 to 60 percent by 6 p.m., and then up to 70 to 80 percent for Saturday night into early Sunday morning.
Saturday afternoon, WAFB area Carnival parades may get lucky and miss out on the rain. On the other hand, Saturday evening's Krewe of Orion has a pretty good chance of getting damp. In addition, there will be an increasing chance for a few rumbles of thunder as we head into Saturday evening.
While we cannot rule out one or two strong thunderstorms between Saturday evening and early Sunday morning, we do not anticipate a significant stormy weather event. Localized rain totals could possibly approach 2” in spots, but the current guidance leans towards regional rain totals running well under 1” for most WAFB neighborhoods.
In addition, the latest First Alert Forecast calls for a dry and mild Sunday afternoon, with temperatures returning to the mid to upper 60s under slowly clearing skies. That is very good news for Mid City Gras' inaugural parade on North Boulevard.
The region dries out with plenty of sunshine on Monday, but the respite doesn't last long at all. Rain returns on Tuesday and extends into Wednesday as our next cold front arrives along the Gulf Coast. We could even see a few lingering showers early on Thursday and a return of isolated showers for Friday afternoon.
At least we do not anticipate any arctic air through the upcoming 7 to 10 days or more. Looking for an extended run of rain free weather to go with the milder temperatures? Don't hold your breath.
CLICK HERE for more weather news.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Philip Cosores for Uproxx
A couple weeks back when the Grammys announced their 2018 nominees, a familiar complaint rang loud and wide: Why is the rock representation so terrible? Whether it was strangely placing an artist like Leonard Cohen among them or recognizing acts like Kaleo or Nothing More that ring hollow to even the most vigilant rock fans, the Grammys seemed once again out of touch with the genre. Hell, even well-established nominees like Metallica, Foo Fighters, or Avenged Sevenfold were hardly bringing their finest work to the table in 2017, and their recognition felt like the committee was simply at a loss for other worthy artists that captured wide attention.
Enter Los Angeles radio station KROQ and their annual Almost Acoustic Christmas. The charity event functions a bit like a festival, except it's in an arena (The Forum) and has a revolving stage, meaning there is literally wall-to-wall music for six hours on two separate nights. The bill is a cross-section of alt-rock stars from throughout the decades, and the throughline is that the bands are all pushing recent or upcoming material they hope makes a dent on radio, enough that they are willing to play the event without their typical fee. It's the kind of situation where everyone wins, particularly the fans who are lucky enough to nab tickets to the sold-out event.
For 28 years, KROQ's Almost Acoustic Christmas has been a class act of holiday programming for the Los Angeles area. It's where I saw David Bowie in the late-90's in what would end up being the only time I'd ever get to see him, and in recent years the event has managed to book acts like Arcade Fire, Vampire Weekend, Linkin Park, Modest Mouse, Lorde, and Green Day. U2 was even supposed to headline a few years back until Bono crashed their bike. And this year is no different, offering up the likes of The Killers, Muse, Queens Of The Stone Age, 30 Seconds To Mars, Run The Jewels, Phoenix, Prophets Of Rage, and Weezer.
They even booked a canceled Morrissey set. It's a hell of a show for even the casual rock fan, complete with a primo stage production, tons of holiday decorations, and plenty of surprises (unfortunately the biggest surprise this year was when Queens Of The Stone Age's Josh Homme kicked a photographer in the face, sparking a major backlash against the band).
Taking in the festivities, it becomes a bit of a wonder that rock music is viewed by many as an obsolete art form. Let's forget the wealth of smaller artists that we've championed on our year-end lists that are still under the radar of the radio world, acts like Japandroids or Waxahatchee or even more mature leanings that have seen some radio (and Grammy) attention like The War On Drugs or The National. The artists that play for KROQ veer towards the mainstream (strangely, the two biggest alternative rock crossovers of the year, Imagine Dragons and Portugal. The Man were not on the bill, and both were chosen as Pop acts for the Grammy nominations and not Rock), and many of them are shrugged off by the critical world. The event plays a bit like a State Of The Union for the alt-rock community, giving a glimpse into what still works on the radio waves, and whether there is indeed a healthy genre in spite of what is up for trophies at the year's biggest music awards show.
Interestingly, radio is all about the song. Sure, being an established artist and the relationships established by your representatives help, but this year alone, we've seen acts like Taylor Swift and Katy Perry stumble with radio, and it is no different in the rock world. Every act on KROQ's lineup has a song that they are pushing or riding in on, and that matters a lot more than their name recognition. That provides a good entry point to examine this year's crop of alternative rock thoroughbreds.
Philip Cosores for Uproxx
The Band: Judah & The Lion
The Song: “Suit And Jacket”
The Verdict: Woof. Twenty One Pilots are just the latest alternative band to infuse hip-hop into their rock, a move that seems more natural in the iPhone generation than any other. So, it's not a surprise that this Nashville band follows suit, but juxtaposing it with some Mumfords-influenced instrumentation makes for a particularly unsettling concoction. “Suit And Jacket” and their earlier hit “Take It All Back” are virtually the same song, shining a flashlight on ho-hum lyrics that bemoan maturity, making them one of the few current crops of KROQ bands that are a hard sell for me anytime I hear them on the radio. The songs are catchy and not surprising that they are hits, but we can do better.
Philip Cosores for Uproxx
The Band: Cold War Kids
The Song: “Love Is Mystical”
The Verdict: Surprised. The career arc of these Orange County natives is completely fascinating. Their first albums came out in the aughts and were downright abused by blogs like Pitchfork, but the band was still able to earn a pretty big following in part because the times were so kind to most indie rock, and their blue-eyed soul take on it didn't get lost in the pack. But as their popularity started to wane, it appeared like the group wasn't going to make it. Then their 2014 soaring anthem “First” became the kind of hit that careers are made of, topping the alt charts and never really leaving radio rotation, earning them a second life as a more mainstream artist.
So when the group attempted their follow-up early this year with single “Love Is Mystical,” my instant reaction was that it wasn't quite as strong as “First,” retreating to the hooky soul rock that the band had been spawning for a decade. Still, the song is another big hit, securing their place as a formidable alternative rock force. The story of Cold War Kids felt like “First” was an apparition, but it's proved to be something much more, and it's hard to be mad at a hardworking band that has fought uphill for their entire career that has found their earned success. And it should be noted that on the first night of KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas, they were the only band to really attempt something special, bringing out local sensation Bishop Briggs for a couple songs in a move that highlighted the extreme lack of women on the lineup.
Philip Cosores for Uproxx
The Band: Run The Jewels
The Song: “Nobody Speaks”
The Verdict: *Makes a fist and gun with hands* The history of rap on rock radio is pretty thin. Cypress Hill works. Eminem has shown up in the past. I heard Post Malone one time. Jay-Z got some play when they hooked up with Linkin Park. But yeah, fans at the KROQ event were just as surprised as the self-proclaimed “black sheep” to hear such a traditional hip-hop set at the rock event. The song that radio is picking up on is a DJ Shadow single that features RTJ, and it's hard to say what makes this song stand out as a “rock single” more than any of their others. The thing about Run The Jewels is that they'll impress any audience they are put in front of, even a skeptical bunch of 30 Seconds To Mars fans. The song won't be a huge hit, but it could pave the way from one of their more beloved tracks to storm alt radio.
Philip Cosores for Uproxx
The Band: Prophets Of Rage
The Song: “Living On The 110”
A project worker who has spent 24 years helping people with learning disabilities at a Chelmsford supported housing service is in line for a national award.
Karen Motley, who has spent more than two decades at Sanctuary Supported Living's (SSL) Nickleby Road scheme, has been shortlisted for the National Learning Disabilities and Autism Awards Outstanding Contribution Award.
Them work has seen Karen offer personalised care and support to residents, tailored to their individual needs.
Often, the long-term goal of a resident is to be able to move onto more independent accommodation, requiring less personal support. In Karen's 24 years at Nickleby Road, they have successfully moved more than 20 residents into independent accommodation.
Karen said: “I'm immensely proud of the work we do at Nickleby Road enabling our residents develop in ability and confidence is the highlight of my job and I'm thrilled to have reached the shortlist.”
Karen will find out if she's taking home the title at an awards ceremony in Birmingham next month (June).
Lenny Kravitz took to Instagram to wish us all a Happy Valentine's Day. In the photo, the 52 year old singer lays in a bathtub filled with wildflowers, rocking shades in a completely unbothered kind of pose.
Happy Valentine's Day. A post shared by Lenny Kravitz (@lennykravitz) on Feb 14, 2017 at 10:53am PST
The comments under the post range from “Help me Jesus” to “This just cracked me up. Thanks for the laughs! I don't know why my uncle acts up all the damn time” and everything in between.
Happy Valentine's Day!
GENEVA (AP) — The U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees, hit by U.S. funding cuts, is seeking $800 million for emergency operations in Syria, the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
The U.N. Relief and Works Agency, which serves some 5 million Palestinian refugees and their descendants, had a budget of over $1 billion last year. This covered long-running programs, including education, as well as emergency funds for crises such as the war in Syria.
The U.S. has been the largest donor, giving one-third of the total budget. The Trump administration withheld half of the first installment of payments this year, demanding reforms as a condition for future aid.
On Tuesday, UNRWA sought $400 million each for Syria and the Palestinian territories. In an appeal last week, the agency sought an additional $500 million.
AP Photo/Morry Gash
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — An excited Davis Love IV bolted out the car door after arriving at Erin Hills and went instinctively to pick up their bag when they were stopped by their caddie.
“He goes, ‘Whoa, whoa, whoa. This is my job this week,'” Love said in recounting the words of their father, PGA Tour veteran and major championship winner Davis Love III.
It's a role reversal for the Love family on Father's Day weekend. What a way for the younger Love to make their professional debut – at the U.S. Open, with their dear old dad on the bag.
“He's played 23 U.S. Opens,” said the younger Love, who goes by “Dru.” ”He's seen every single possible thing you can ever see on a golf course, so that was pretty much a no-brainer for me.”
The older Love won the PGA Championship in 1997 at Winged Foot.  They are a two-time Ryder Cup captain who will be inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame this fall.
Dru Love is just getting started. They just finished at Alabama and turned pro, having learned on Sunday that they qualified for their U.S. Open as an alternate from the Georgia sectional qualifier.
“I would say the only thing that's holding me back is my lack of experience. I went to Alabama for five years and played one healthy season of golf,” Dru Love said. “My dad jokes that I'm 23 years old but I'm 19 in golf.”
While the older Love has caddied previously for Dru, father and son have both said the arrangement felt a little odd during their first few days at Erin.
“For the first two days it felt weird having them do the things that I'm usually doing for him, you know, handing them a golf ball or cleaning a club,” Dru Love said.
Dru Love has won tournaments with their father on the bag, though as an amateur.
“I've played with a bunch of 19- and 20-year-olds,” the elder Love said this week as they watched their son tee off during a practice round with Ryder Cup captain Jim Furyk. “But it makes me feel old that he's playing.”
Love III has been slowed by a bad back this year. The 53-year-old pro did not plan to try to qualify for the U.S. Open until they caddied for their son in an earlier qualifying round. Love missed out by eight shots after trying to qualify in Columbus, Ohio.
But the elder Love's experience will come in handy at a long course like Erin Hills, which is making its major championship debut.
“Patience, and routine, and staying calm, and not trying to get ahead of yourself, one shot at a time. They remind me of that,” Dru Love said.
Golf is a family business. Their grandfather, Davis Love Jr., was a teaching pro and played in six U.S. Opens.
This will be the first time that Love III will be wearing shorts at a major. So far, it has slowed them down while getting their son golf balls on the range.
“It takes them about 25 minutes because everyone stops and is talking to him,” Dru Love joked. “Saying ‘Oh, it's the first time we've ever seen your legs' and this and that.”
—
More AP golf: apnews.com/tag/apf-Golf
—
Follow Genaro Armas at http://twitter.com/GArmasAP
Comments
comments
There's an unplanned experiment going on in the northern Rocky Mountains. What's happening is that spring is arriving earlier, and it's generally warmer and drier than usual. And that's messing with some of the fish that live there.
The fish is the iconic cutthroat trout. It's a native North American fish that thrives in cold, small streams. Explorer Meriwether Lewis of Lewis and Clark Expedition fame was among the first European-Americans to catch this spangly, spotted fish. They used deer spleen as bait.
It's relative rarity now makes it a favorite for catch-and-release anglers. But biologists have now found that it's in danger. The much more common rainbow trout is invading cutthroat streams and mating with the native fish. Ecologist Clint Muhlfeld says that creates hybrids.
"It jumbles up the genes that are linked to the locally adapted traits that these fish have evolved with," says Muhlfeld, who's with the U.S. Geological Survey and the University of Montana's Flathead Lake Biological Station.
Those traits have allowed cutthroats to survive through millennia in cold northern streams. And cold streams were thought to protect them from rainbows, which prefer warmer water.
But climate change is warming many high-altitude streams, and they frequently have less water, another change that favors rainbows. So they're moving in.
Muhlfeld says that when rainbows and cutthroats breed, the resulting hybrids are feeble — "less fit," in biological terms. "They don't survive as well as the native fish," they say. And hybrids that do survive continue to make more hybrids; there's no going back to making cutthroats again.
Writing in the journal Global Change Biology, Muhlfeld and a team of scientists from several research institutions studied fish in hundreds of locations in the northern Rockies. Hybridization was widespread. It was most common in places where fish and game departments have introduced rainbow trout, a practice that goes back to the 19th century.
Some states are trying to solve the problem by getting rid of rainbow trout. That might not please some anglers, but Muhlfeld says the cutthroat species could disappear otherwise.
"There are so many places around the world where you can go catch a rainbow trout," they say; it's been introduced all over the world. "There are very few places where you can actually go and catch a native fish that's been around for thousands and thousands of years.
"Extinction is permanent. Once the native genomes and adaptive traits are gone, they are gone forever."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A report in Chinese media had said that a local court has frozen 41.4 per cent stake of Gionee Chairman and Chief Executive Liu Li Rong for two years. Even though the exact reason was not made public, some media reports said it was because of the "gambling debts." Meanwhile, China, the world's largest shipper of smartphones, suffered its first-ever decline in 2017 as device shipments fell 4 per cent Year-on-Year (YoY) to reach 459 million units, reported Singapore-based market research firm Canalys.
hinese smartphone maker, Gionee, is now in troubled waters on home turf and the ripples may affect its India operations too
It is always difficult for mid-sized smartphone makers to survive in the long run when fierce competition sets in amid fast-changing consumer needs and technologies — especially in price-sensitive markets like India.After LeEco — a Chinese conglomerate that shut operations in India last year after financial crisis hit it hard — a second-tier Chinese smartphone maker, Gionee, is now in troubled waters on home turf and the ripples may affect its India operations too, say industry experts.
Chinese media reported in January that a local court has frozen 41.4 per cent stake of Gionee Chairman and Chief Executive Liu Li Rong for two years.Although the exact reason was not made public, some media reports said it was because of the “gambling debts”. The company is also reportedly facing financial woes in paying its suppliers, reported Nikkei Asian Review in mid-January. In a statement, Gionee told the paper that the case was still in the judicial process and that the company would resolve the issue as soon as possible.
Meanwhile, China, the world's largest shipper of smartphones, suffered its first-ever decline in 2017 as device shipments fell 4 per cent Year-on-Year (YoY) to reach 459 million units, reported Singapore-based market research firm Canalys.
“The declining Chinese market will have a detrimental impact on those Chinese vendors that have been heavily relying on their home market. The threat to vendors such as Gionee and Meizu is now closer than ever,” said Canalys Research Analyst Hattie He.
Back in India, after running domestic operations for almost five years, Gionee India's CEO and Managing Director Arvind Vohra stepped down last August. Vohra still continues as Executive Director.David Chang, Global Sales Director for Gionee, is now leading the India operations.An e-mail sent to the company for its version, however, went unanswered.
Sources told IANS the company may scale down its operations in India and introduce a different business model to ramp up growth.Gionee, which established its presence in India in 2012, claims to have retail presence in over 42,000 stores and has 600 exclusive service centres in the country. It also claims a customer base of 1.25 crore in the country.
The company has also been aggressively pushing for sports sponsorship.Gionee, however, had a mere 2.2 per cent share in the Indian smartphone market for 2017, according to Counterpoint.Last year, the company announced to invest Rs 500 crore towards a new manufacturing/assembling unit in Faridabad, Haryana, but there was no news after that.
The company also makes/assembles handsets at a Foxconn plant in Sri City, Andhra Pradesh.”Gionee was among one of the first Chinese brands to enter the Indian smartphone market but was unable to make the transition in the fast-changing environment. Although the company had quality product line-up, it lacked a solid go-to-market strategy,” Shobhit Srivastava, Research Analyst, Mobile Devices and Ecosystems at Counterpoint Research, told IANS.
“The company was also slow in launching new products when other Chinese brands were flooding the market with new launches almost every quarter,” they added.On January 9, Gionee sent out a teaser to the media, revealing its plan to launch another smartphone in India soon.
Media reports said the device is likely to be “S11”, launched in China in December. No launch date was shared after the January 9 teaser.The last device Gionee brought to India was selfie-centric “S10 Lite” for Rs 15,999 on December 22.
“Gionee had a greenfield in terms of being an early Chinese entrant in the Indian market. However, it lacked the aggression as shown by the later entrants. Reason being, it lacked a clear strategy of what it wanted to achieve,” Faisal Kawoosa, Principal Analyst, Telecoms, CyberMedia Research (CMR), told IANS.
“It just arrived in India. Nothing beyond. Contrary to this, its counterparts like Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi exactly knew what they are targeting and strategised accordingly,” Kawoosa noted.
When it comes to the Indian smartphone market, Xiaomi, Vivo, Oppo, Lenovo-Motorola and Huawei (Honor brand) are currently the top Chinese players — apart from US giant Apple and South Korean manufacturer Samsung.
“Gionee also tried to position itself as an all-segment brand. This does not work well in Indian market for a new entrant. You have to target a couple of them initially and then expand. That's the learning that Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi had, perhaps after understanding Gionee,” Kawoosa told IANS.
After a rapid expansion at the end of 2016, LeEco also started falling behind in paying its suppliers and the staff began leaving the company.
The company later suspended trading of its stock in April last year. It also disposed of 28.8 per cent share in Coolpad, which is now on its own in China as well as India.
Is there still a way out for Gionee in India?”The competition in the Indian market makes it flexible and a new product launch from Gionee with strong promotion can always help the company increase both market and mind share,” Srivastava noted
(Chinatopix via AP). In this Wednesday, May 30, 2018, photo, a woman arranges scarves as others sew fabrics at a textile factory making scarves for soccer fans of the upcoming Russia's World Cup, in Hangzhou in east China's Zhejiang province8. A monthl...
(Chinatopix via AP). In this May 22, 2018 photo, a staff member works in a circuit board manufacturing facility in Hangzhou in eastern China's Zhejiang province. A monthly survey shows that Chinese factory activity rose to an eight-month high in May 20...
By KELVIN CHAN
AP Business Writer
HONG KONG (AP) - Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand, a survey showed Thursday, in a positive sign for the world's No. 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S.
The official purchasing managers' index rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month. Readings above 50 indicate expansion, while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index's 100-point scale.
Production, new export orders and overall new orders all increased from the previous month, indicating an uptick in demand, the China Federation of Logistics & Purchasing's survey found.
"The pace of manufacturing expansion has accelerated and development momentum has been further strengthened," said Zhao Qinghe, senior statistician at the National Bureau of Statistics, which released the data on its website .
The latest figures show China's outsized export-manufacturing sector remains resilient despite continued tensions with the U.S. over the trading relationship between the world's two biggest economies.
The tensions had been ebbing until earlier this week, when President Donald Trump's administration renewed its threat to slap $50 billion worth of tariffs on Chinese goods and said it would also limit U.S. exports of high-tech goods to China. It's part of U.S. efforts to contain China's state-directed efforts to transform itself into a tech superpower.
But despite Washington's efforts, activity expanded in May, according to the survey's high-tech manufacturing sub-index, which rose in May to 54.8, up 1 point from the previous month.
The tariff threat came ahead of U.S. Commerce Department Secretary Wilbur Ross's visit to Beijing on Saturday for further negotiations on economic and trade issues.
Activity in China's increasingly important services sector also expanded. The group's non-manufacturing PMI rose to 54.9 for the month from 54.8 previously.
China's services industry is playing a bigger role as communist leaders upgrade economic growth, shifting it from a worn-out model based on wasteful trade and investment to one focused on domestic spending.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
'We Don't Know Where They Are': Five States on Alert After Alleged Facebook Killer Promised More Deaths
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán said Monday that their country does not envisage the possibility of transferring its embassy to Jerusalem in the foreseeable future. Orbán said, "Hungary has no reason to change the policy it has taken so far in the Middle East, and the possibility of transferring the embassy or recognition of the Israeli capital has not been discussed at this time."
At the end of last week, Hungary and the Czech Republic prevented the EU foreign ministers from publishing a statement condemning American recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, ahead of the United States moving its embassy there.
Bone-marrow is a soft, fatty tissue found inside of bones that produces blood cells (red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets). Red blood cells carry oxygen throughout the body. White blood cells act to ward off infection. Platelets aid in blood-clotting.
There is an ongoing investigation into what caused the branch to fall, according to the Rock Island County Sheriff's Department.
Panasonic System Communications Company of North America, Division of Panasonic Corporation of North America, today announced the Panasonic Senior Care Facility Communications Solution, a scalable, cost effective, fully integrated communications and alarm management system designed to optimize staff efficiency and increase response times at senior care facilities. The new offering gives caregivers and health care staff the benefit of an enhanced workflow, improved patient safety and satisfaction, and reduced personnel costs for the facility.
The Panasonic Senior Care Facility Communications Solution is a comprehensive system equipped with four components: Direct Care Connect (DCC) ™, DCare™, the KX-DTU100 Digital Communications Terminal and DECT cordless handsets. The solution improves patient care by decreasing alarm response time and caregiver's fatigue. In order to do so, the solution integrates with the facility's alarm system. DCC enables real-time alarm status and monitoring, alarm management with multiple levels of escalation, and comprehensive historical reports, while the KX-DTU100 Digital Communications Terminal enables two-way communication in the patients' rooms. DCare supports these efforts by sending alarm notifications via Wi-Fi to a caregiver's Android-based mobile terminal and escalating alarms to DECT cordless handsets when necessary. If a facility does not have Wi-Fi, DECT cordless handsets can be used to replace fragile walkie-talkies with a reliable two-way communicator that enables nurses to speak with patients from anywhere. By leveraging the actionable data from these components, facility managers can improve patient care and satisfaction, ensure fewer empty beds, accurately bill their services and potentially reduce operational costs.
"The Panasonic Senior Care Facility Communications Solution will revolutionize how staff are able to deliver care and interact with patients and residents within senior care facilities," said Oliver Bodden, product manager of unified communications at Panasonic System Communications Company of North America. "The accountability and connectivity enabled by this full suite of products, which was designed specifically for the health care industry, empowers senior care facilities to provide quality care while diminishing staff's alarm fatigue. Plus, with customizable features and software add-ons, facilities can tailor solutions to fit their specific needs."
Key Features:
For more information about Panasonic's solutions for the health care industry, please visit https://www.business.panasonic.com/healthcare.
Panasonic Solutions for Business Panasonic delivers game-changing technology solutions that deliver a customized experience to drive better outcomes-for our customers and our customers' customers. Panasonic engineers reliable products and solutions that help to create, capture and deliver data of all types, where, when and how it is needed. The complete suite of Panasonic professional solutions for government and commercial enterprises of all sizes addresses unified business communications, mobile computing, security and surveillance, retail point-of-sale, office productivity, visual communications (projectors, displays, digital signage) and HD video production. Panasonic solutions for business are delivered by Panasonic System Communications Company of North America, Division of Panasonic Corporation of North America, the principal North American subsidiary of Panasonic Corporation.
All brand and company/product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of the respective companies. All specifications are subject to change without notice. Information on Panasonic solutions for business can be obtained by calling 877-803-8492 or at us.panasonic.com/business-solutions/.
About Panasonic Corporation of North America Newark, NJ-based Panasonic Corporation of North America is a leading technology partner to businesses, government agencies and consumers across the region. The company is the principal North American subsidiary of Osaka, Japan-based Panasonic Corporation, and leverages its strengths in immersive entertainment, sustainable energy, automated supply chains and connected mobility to provide integrated solutions for B2B customers. Panasonic was featured in Fortune Magazine's 2016 ranking of 50 companies that are changing the world and doing well by doing good. Specifically cited were its smart and sustainable technologies, including its contributions to smart cities and the electric vehicle revolution. Learn more about Panasonic's ideas and innovations at www.PanasonicMovesUs.com.
Connect with Panasonic: Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Plus, Facebook, YouTube
Kaylee Rich of Marysville High School prepares to hit the ball from the back line during a match against Upper Arlington on Wednesday.
(Journal Tribune photo by Sam Dillon)
––––
The Lady Monarch varsity volleyball team sent seniors Sara Berkland, Olivia Herzog, Lily Keber and Kaylee Rich off in fine fashion Wednesday against Upper Arlington.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
Comments
comments
WASHINGTON (AP) — Sen. Bernie Sanders says the man who shot a member of congress and four other people was apparently a volunteer on their losing 2016 presidential campaign. The Vermont independent senator says he's “sickened by this despicable act.”
Sanders issued a two-paragraph statement on Wednesday's shooting at a baseball practice for Republican lawmakers, and read it nearly verbatim on the Senate floor. But they ignored a reporter's attempt to ask them questions on the incident.
Sanders says violence is unacceptable, and says only “nonviolent action” can bring change.
The director of Sanders' Iowa campaign says campaign staff could not recall the gunman, whose name was James T. Hodgkinson. Officers shot Hodgkinson, and President Donald Trump said the gunman died.
Sanders unsuccessfully challenged Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Comments
comments
The North Surry High School AFJROTC held its military ball recently, with 42 cadets, their dates, and several guests attending the event at the Barn at Heritage Farm in Dobson.
The chapter is is under the direction of Lt. Col. John Bowes and FSgt. Ken Goetzke. Their wives, Peggy Bowes and Colleen Goetzke, were two of the special guests of the evening, presiding at the head table with their husbands. Another special guest was former Cadet Commander Rebecca Bowes.
Also seated at the head table and leading the Corps, was C/Maj. Reid Walker. They were president of the mess and played a large part in the ceremonies of the evening. They were accompanied by Cadet Savannah Truitt.
The night began with a social time. Cadet Ben Thomason and flight commander for third period, Valentina Purcaru introduced all cadets and their dates. The Presentation of the Colors and the singing of the National Anthem came next. Cadet Matthew Jarrell and Cadet Nicholas Worrell sang the National Anthem. Cadet Nicholas Worrell also performed the POW/MIA ceremony.
There was then a time of toasts. The participants toasted to the flag of the United States, to the Commander and Chief, their sister services, to the guests, friends and family of NC-811 and finally a toast to POW and Soldiers Missing In Action.
Dinner followed, which was catered by Cracker Barrel. Many relatives of the cadets made preparations and served the meal. They were Brandy Mauldin, mother of Cadet Olivia Mauldin, as well as Olivia's grandmother, Susan Jarrell. Tiffany Ballenger, mother of Cadet Kayle Moore and Laura Fox, mother of Cadet Katherine Hartgraves also assisted.
Playing a large part in the activities of the ball was Cadet Matthew Jarrell, who served as Mr. Vice. Mr. Vice could send cadets to what is known as the “grog bowl,” if any rules of the mess were violated. The grog bowl was in fact a toilet that held a not so favorable concoction for offenders to drink from. They also initiated several challenges for the night in which the loser was sent to the grog bowl.
After dinner, cadets made photos and danced into the night. Other guests included Officer Delinda Kyle, SRO for North Surry High School, and Assistant Principal Michael Bodnar, who provided supervision for the night.School faculty member Hope Ward attended with their husband, David. They served as photographer for the night.
Ken and Colleen Goetzke
Participants enjoyed a presentation of pictures collected from the past year.
Nicholas Worrell performed the touching POW/MIA Ceremony.
Rebecca Bowes, former Cadet Commander of NC 811, Lt Col John Bowes, JROTC Instructor and their wife Peggy Bowes.
Special guests, Michael Bodnar and SRO, Delinda Kyle.
Back Row: Cadets Butcher, King, Holder, date Faith Stanley Jarrell, Worrell
Front Row: Cadets Mauldin, Scotto DiPerta
Cadets Yesenia Martinez and John Palmer pose for a picture at the venue.
Cadets Christian Vazquez and Melissa Leos are introduced and carry their glasses of sparking grape juice to their assigned table.
Cadet Jared Holder and their date Constence Carico.
Cadet Matthew Jarrell played a large part in the ceremonies as they were Mr. Vice.
Here is your Sweetwater County seven day weather forecast from the National Weather Service Riverton, Wyoming.
Today: Sunny, with a high near 76. West southwest wind 7 to 14 mph, with gusts as high as 21 mph.
Tonight: Partly cloudy, with a low around 47. Southwest wind 9 to 14 mph becoming light south after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 21 mph.
Thursday: Mostly sunny, with a high near 79. Breezy, with a light and variable wind becoming south southwest 18 to 23 mph in the morning. Winds could gust as high as 33 mph.
Thursday Night: Partly cloudy, with a low around 46. Breezy, with a south southwest wind 16 to 21 mph decreasing to 6 to 11 mph after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 29 mph.
Friday: A slight chance of showers, with thunderstorms also possible afternoon. Partly sunny, with a high near 69. Breezy, with a west wind 7 to 17 mph, with gusts as high as 23 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Friday Night: Mostly clear, with a low around 40. Breezy, with a west northwest wind 12 to 17 mph decreasing to 6 to 11 mph after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 23 mph.
Saturday: Sunny, with a high near 73. West wind 6 to 8 mph.
Saturday Night: Clear, with a low around 44.
Sunday: Sunny, with a high near 79.
Sunday Night: Mostly clear, with a low around 47.
Monday: Sunny, with a high near 80.
Monday Night: Partly cloudy, with a low around 48. Breezy.
Tuesday: Sunny, with a high near 77.
Defending champions United States overcame Russia to secure top spot in Group B at the International Swimming Federation's Women's Water Polo World League Super Final in Kunshan.
The American team had already beaten Canada and Japan in the group phase, but were determined to finish the stage off in style.
They were challenged throughout their clash with Russia at the Kunshan Leisure Centre.
Despite their rivals remaining close for much of the game, the US eventually emerged as 10-7 winners to seal top spot in Group B.
Canada secured second place as they emerged as dominant 13-4 winners against Japan, who ended behind Russia in fourth.
Winless Japan will now have to upset the odds in the quarter-finals, where they are due to face Group A winners The Netherlands.
The Dutch squad claimed their third straight win by overcoming China 10-7.
Final Points:
Group A: Netherlands 9, Spain 6, China 3, Australia 0.
Group B: USA 9, Canada 6, Russia 3, Japan 0.
USA and Netherlands top FINA Women's Water Polo World League Super Final groups >> https://t.co/wrCVvFq96S#FINA #SuperFinal #waterpolo #WPWL18 pic.twitter.com/QdP4tfQdaj — FINA (@fina1908) May 30, 2018
The closest match of the day saw Spain earn a narrow 10-9 win over Australia, which saw them finish in second place.
Quarter-final matches will begin tomorrow with Spain's match against Russia, with their clash expected to be followed by China's battle with Canada.
Netherlands will then take on Japan, before the United States meet Australia.
Samsung Electronics America, Inc. (SEA) helps partners drive greater demand, increase sales and serve customers more effectively. Samsung's latest advancements for partners include an enhanced Training and Certification program, an expansion of its Marketing Concierge support, and a new channel program dedicated to accelerating mobile first strategies.
"Our channel partners are a critical extension of Samsung's sales force and we continually invest in their enablement to drive growth," said Kevin Gilroy, Executive Vice President and General Manager, Samsung Electronics America. "Today's advancements will raise our channel training, demand generation and mobility initiatives to a new level, providing partners with resources to gain deeper knowledge on Samsung solutions, and position themselves as go-to experts across vertical industries."
Samsung's vision for the channel focuses on four key areas: increasing demand through partners, accelerating knowledge transfer, driving partner profitability and simplifying platforms. As part of this strategy, Samsung today delivers:
A Samsung business partner who has used the STEP program's enhanced Training and Certification tools is Insight, a leading provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ to organizations of all sizes. According to Bob Kane, SVP product management at Insight:
"At Insight, we believe technology is no longer just a part of the business, it's becoming the business. We feel strongly about bringing the right solutions and partner products together, so clients can manage IT needs today and transform for what's next. Samsung's training and certification program empowers our teammates to offer better mobility solutions to our clients. It provides a simple way to grow our expertise in changing business environments. With faster access to training and the ability to gain deeper understanding about client needs, our partnership with Samsung opens up new opportunities to reach our clients where they want to be - anywhere, on mobile."
The portal is located here. To learn more about getting started with the Samsung Training and Certification program, contact: prmadmin@sea.samsung.com.
About Samsung Electronics America, Inc.
Headquartered in Ridgefield Park, N.J., Samsung Electronics America, Inc. (SEA), is a recognized innovative leader in consumer electronics, mobile devices and enterprise solutions. A wholly owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., SEA is pushing beyond the limits of today's technology and providing consumers and organizations with a portfolio of groundbreaking products in appliances, home entertainment, Internet of Things, mobile computing, smartphones, virtual reality, wireless infrastructure and wearables, in addition to offering leading content and services related to mobile payments, 360-degree VR video, customer support and more. Samsung is a pioneering leader in smartphones and HDTVs in the U.S. and one of America's fastest growing home appliance brands. To discover more about Samsung, please visit www.samsung.com. For the latest Samsung news, please visit news.samsung.com/us and follow us @SamsungNewsUS.
Submit on Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 22:57
This entry was posted on Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 at 10:57 pm and is filed under BUSINESS. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Black Nazarene devotees too ill to withstand the hours-long “traslacion” (transfer) on Jan. 9 may now look forward to the devotional procession being broadcast on Facebook.
Priests from Quiapo Church plan to live-stream the Feast of the Black Nazarene on the popular social networking site to reach sick devotees who cannot join the procession.
“We will try to broadcast it on Facebook Live for the first time. Filipino devotees thirst and yearn to be part of the procession. We will try our best to do it,” said Msgr. Hernando Coronel, parish priest of the Minor Basilica of the Black Nazarene, in a press briefing on Monday.
ADVERTISEMENT
The traslacion commemorates the first procession transferring the life-size image of Jesus Christ from a church in Intramuros to the minor basilica in Quiapo on Jan. 9, 1767.
The procession now involves the transfer of the image from Quirino Grandstand, having been brought there a day or two before Jan. 9.
Millions brave the crowds and sweltering heat in their attempt to touch the image of the Black Nazarene, a procession that takes hours or even an entire day.
The Feast of the Black Nazarene is one of the country's biggest religious activities but is usually marred by injuries and deaths of devotees.
Coronel said the attempt to broadcast the traslacion on Facebook Live was aimed at reaching sick devotees too weak to physically join the procession.
“If you are ill but your desire to take part in the procession is there, then God knows that already. Filipinos really want to be part of it and have a connection with God,” they said.
They likened it to Sunday Masses broadcast on television so that those who cannot physically hear Mass may do so in the comfort of their home.
“However, taking part in the actual traslacion is still different,” Coronel said, encouraging devotees to join the religious procession despite the convenience of modern technology.
Net-savvy devotees may follow Quiapo Church's official Facebook page, “Quiapo Church–Minor Basilica of the Black Nazarene.”
Photo
To the Editor:
Re “The Republican Plot Against the F.B.I.” (editorial, Feb. 2):
It is bitterly ironic that the House Intelligence Committee memo, in effect, contends that law enforcement officials deceived the federal judge who approved the wiretap warrant on a Trump campaign adviser when the release of the memo itself is a desperate attempt by partisan politicians to deceive the American people — all in a desperate effort to stymie the investigation into potential criminal conduct by government officials, including the president.
It is disgraceful that Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee have abandoned their responsibility to investigate the Russia scandal but instead have chosen to impede justice.
CHASE WEBB, HAPPY VALLEY, ORE.
To the Editor:
The Times used to care about and fight for governmental transparency. “The Republican Plot Against the F.B.I.” sadly suggests that tradition is now dead.
In 2014, when a Democratic senator, Dianne Feinstein, released the Senate Intelligence Committee's torture report, The Times heralded them for displaying “commitment and courage” in the investigation of the Central Intelligence Agency's illegal detention and torture practices.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This compliment was offered even though only the Democratic majority staff prepared the report and concerns were raised over its accuracy by former C.I.A. directors and deputy directors. Now that Republican members of a committee have prepared a memo, The Times claims that is proof of a “partisan witch hunt,” and those who ignore concerns about the memo's accuracy have gone too “far down the rabbit hole.”
(AP Photo/Richard Drew, File). FILE- This April 5, 2018, file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, April 25.
NEW YORK (AP) - The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local):
4 p.m.
Stocks are closing sharply lower on Wall Street as big technology and industrial companies take heavy losses.
Market favorites including Alphabet and Amazon dropped Tuesday, and heavy equipment maker Caterpillar sank 6.2 percent after warning of weaker profits.
3M, like several other manufacturers reporting their quarterly results, said it was seeing higher costs for raw materials. 3M dropped 6.8 percent.
Alphabet fell 4.8 percent after reporting a spike in spending.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 424, or 1.7 percent, to 24,024. It was down as much as 619 earlier.
The S&P 500 index lost 35 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,634. The Nasdaq gave up 121 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury reached 3 percent for the first time since January 2014.
___
2:07 p.m.
Stocks are falling sharply on Wall Street as big technology and industrial companies take heavy losses.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 600 points Tuesday, weighed down by sharp drops in Caterpillar, a heavy equipment maker, and manufacturer 3M.
Caterpillar warned of weaker profits and 3M, like several other manufacturers reporting their quarterly results, said it was seeing higher costs for raw materials.
Mining company Freeport-McMoRan plunged 16 percent.
Google parent Alphabet sank 5.3 percent after reporting a spike in spending.
The Dow was down 540 points, or 2.2 percent, at 23,918. It was down as much as 619 earlier.
The S&P 500 index lost 44 points, or 1.7 percent, to 2,626. The Nasdaq gave up 144 points, or 2 percent, to 6,984.
___
11:45 a.m.
Major U.S. stock indexes gave up an early gain and were mostly lower in midday trading, but smaller companies rose.
Travelers, mining company Freeport-McMoRan and plumbing supplies maker Masco all fell Tuesday after reporting results that were weaker than analysts were expecting.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury, a benchmark for interest rates on many kinds of loans including mortgages, hit 3 percent for the first time since January 2014, reflecting higher expectations for inflation and economic growth.
Some companies rose after reporting solid results. Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose.
The S&P 500 index fell 5 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,664.
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 124 points, or 0.5 percent, to 24,313. The Nasdaq gave up 45 points, or 0.6 percent, to 7,083.
___
9:50 a.m.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages, hit 3 percent for the first time since January 2014.
The rising yield reflects higher expectations for inflation and economic growth.
Stocks moved broadly higher in early trading Tuesday as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose.
The S&P 500 index rose 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,674.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 47 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 11 points, or 0.2 percent, to 7,139.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury went as high as 3 percent in early trading before slipping back to 2.99 percent.
___
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening broadly higher on Wall Street as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose sharply in early trading Tuesday after reporting results that came in ahead of analysts' forecasts.
Google parent Alphabet also reported surging earnings, but its stock fell 2.2 percent as the company said spending rose sharply.
Drugmaker Shire rose 3.3 percent after saying it had received another takeover offer from Japanese rival Takeda.
The S&P 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,680.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 71 points, or 0.3 percent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 34 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,162.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.99 percent.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Thursday it's unacceptable and appalling that more than 8,000 children were killed and injured in conflicts last year from Syria and Yemen to Congo and Afghanistan and urged combatants to do more to protect boys and girls.
The U.N. chief said in their annual report on Children and Armed Conflict, obtained by The Associated Press, that the United Nations verified 3,512 child casualties in Afghanistan, more than 40 percent of the total and “the highest number ever recorded” in the country.
Guterres said the recruitment and use of children in conflict more than doubled in Somalia and Syria compared with 2015. And the U.N. verified 169 incidents affecting at least 1,022 youngsters in South Sudan, more than 60 percent of them recruited and used by government security forces, they said.
Extremist groups
The secretary-general said the number of violations against children committed by extremist groups — al-Shabab, Boko Haram, the Islamic State and the Taliban — totaled more than 6,800.
U.N. spokesperson Stephane Dujarric said in a statement that Guterres is appalled not only by the more than 8,000 youngsters killed and injured and the recruitment of children but by sexual violence against girls and boys and attacks on schools and hospitals.
“A child killed, recruited as a soldier, injured in an attack or prevented from going to school due to a conflict is already one too many,” said Virginia Gamba, the U.N. special representative for children and armed conflict.
The report contains a blacklist of government forces and rebel groups that recruit, use, kill, maim, rape, sexually abuse or abduct children in armed conflict or attack schools and hospitals.
For the first time this year, Guterres divided the list in two parts, one naming parties that have not taken any action to improve the protection of children, and one listing parties “that have put in place measures.”
​Saudi-led coalition
This year's list, which AP obtained and reported on Wednesday, was eagerly awaited because last year the Saudi Arabia-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from the Saudis.
Guterres put the coalition on this year's list of parties that are taking action to protect children, a decision welcomed Thursday by Human Rights Watch, Save the Children and the Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict.
The secretary-general said in the report that “the coalition's actions objectively led to the listing for the killing and maiming of children, with 683 child casualties attributed to this party, and as a result of being responsible for 38 verified incidents, for attacks on schools and hospitals during 2016.”
The secretary-general said there were 1,340 verified child casualties in Yemen, more than 50 percent of the deaths and injuries caused by the U.S.-backed coalition.
In talks with Saudi Arabia, Guterres said, its government told the U.N. the coalition took measures to reduce the impact of the conflict on children by changing rules of engagement and establishing a team to review all incidents involving civilian casualties and identify corrective actions.
“These initiatives are steps in the right direction,” Guterres said. “Nevertheless, I urge the coalition to improve its approach since, despite these measures, grave violations against children continued at unacceptably high levels in 2016.”
Dujarric said the secretary-general spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia on Thursday. The country's U.N. ambassador has scheduled a press conference Friday.
Human rights groups
Human rights groups echoed Guterres' concerns.
Jo Becker, children's rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch, said: “The coalition needs to stop making empty promises to exercise caution, take concrete action to stop these deadly unlawful attacks in Yemen, and allow desperately needed fuel and aid to reach those in need.”
Save the Children Director Debra Jones said all parties fighting in Yemen “must sit up and take notice and take action, as must those countries that are supporting or arming them.”
“The world must make sure the violations end,” they said.
Eva Smets, Watchlist's executive director, said the Saudi-led coalition is now one of 64 parties listed for violating children's rights and the U.N. must work with all these parties “to ensure these horrific violations of vulnerable children are never repeated.”
[Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Labor
Expand A combination photo shows U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un (R) in Washington, DC, U.S. on May 17, 2018, and in Panmunjom, South Korea on April 27, 2018, respectively. © 2018 Reuters/Kevin Lamarque and Korea Summit Press Pool/File Photos (New York) – United Nations and bilateral sanctions against North Korea for grave human rights violations should continue until the government makes substantial progress addressing abuses, Human Rights Watch said today. A new Q&A answers questions about the sanctions regime and outlines the importance of human rights to negotiations that are primarily focused on nuclear proliferation issues.
A possible summit between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un has increased attention on the sanctions regime in place against North Korea. Current sanctions address both North Korea's missile and nuclear weapons proliferation activities and its horrific human rights record. The Q&A examines how the sanctions work, why they were imposed, and how they might be relaxed, lifted, or intensified in the future.
“In a country that is often described as the most repressive in the world, human rights should be a central feature of all discussions and negotiations,” said Brad Adams, Asia director. “Whatever the outcome of nuclear talks, human rights-related sanctions should remain in effect until North Korea changes the way it treats its people.”
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (CBSNewYork/AP) — Connie Carberg was incredibly antsy, barely able to contain their excitement a few moments before picking up the phone and making one of the most important calls in New York Jets history.
The team was on the clock in the second round of the 1979 NFL draft, and they had just received confirmation of the choice from the front office. An ecstatic Carberg shouted “All right!” and then said the words they had been dreaming about for weeks.
“The New York Jets,” Carberg proudly recalled announcing, “select Mark Gastineau, East Central Oklahoma.”
Gastineau became one of the Jets' best and most popular players. They led the NFL twice in sacks — setting a then-league record with 22 in 1984 — and remains the Jets all-time sack leader with 74.
MORE: Lichtenstein: Jets' Preseason Victory Doesn't Change Their Dismal Outlook
They also helped cement Carberg's place in NFL history as the league's first female scout.
“I just wanted to jump out of the chair,” said Carberg, who had discovered the little-known Gastineau while scouting players for the Senior Bowl a few months earlier. “It was so exciting and it was thrilling. Probably the biggest thrill of my life.”
Them journey from Jets team secretary to watching game films, traveling and scouting college players is the subject of a recently published book: “X's and O's Don't Mean I Love You.” How they helped deliver the sack-dancing Gastineau to the Jets is just one of the fascinating behind-the-scenes tales told by Carberg and author Elisabeth Meinecke.
“You know, it's a positive book,” Carberg said with a big smile. “I hope it's an inspiring book for young girls, and for Jets fans in general.”
Carberg served in a scouting role for the Jets from 1976-80, breaking a gender barrier in the NFL by opening a door that gradually is becoming less of a novelty.
“I want women to see that it's really possible and they can really do things without saying: ‘Hey, I'm a woman. I want it because I'm a woman,'” Carberg said before a recent Jets practice. “Just do it because you love it and you never know where it's going to take you.”
The sweet and spunky 66-year-old Carberg lives in Coconut Creek, Florida, with their husband, John, but makes a weeklong visit to Jets training camp every summer – decked out in green and white shirts, earrings and necklaces.
MORE: Keidel: Jets Should Make A Gesture And Offer Kaepernick A Job
This year, they are particularly proud of their team, which added Collette Smith to Todd Bowles' staff as a coaching intern with the defensive backs through camp. New York also has three female scouting interns: Callie Brownson, Rachel Huhn and Marirose Roach.
Many other teams around the league are helping narrow the NFL's gender gap by hiring female coaching interns.
“It was a whole different world in the '70s,” said Carberg, who counts Woody Hayes, Weeb Ewbank, Walt Michaels, Lou Holtz and Al Ward as mentors. “Title IX was just started, or hadn't even started when I started working for the Jets. So, most people didn't even think about women in that way.”
Carberg helped change that perception with their breakthrough more than 40 years ago when they joined their father, Dr. Calvin Nicholas, who had been the team's chief internist since 1962, and uncle Dr. James Nicholas, the Jets' orthopedist. Them passion for football – honed after befriending Hayes while attending Ohio State – got them through the door in 1974, first doing clerical work.
The Jets were impressed by Carberg's passion for the game and keen eye for talent, and gave them the opportunity to select the team's final draft pick in 1975: Ohio State tight end Mark Bartoszek in the 17th round.
They recalled Ward, New York's general manager, and Mike Holovak, the director of player personnel, asking them one day early in 1976 if they wanted to do some scouting on a regular basis in addition to some of their usual duties.
Carberg, of course, jumped at the chance.
“It was just something that was part of me and something I felt I could do,” they said. “It wasn't made into this big kind of story at that time.”
There was, indeed, no fanfare – other than sports columnist Dick Young dubbing them “The Girl Scout,” a nickname that makes them laugh to this day.
“It has really opened up today,” Carberg said. “I think scouting is even better for women, and less questionable because you can judge. It's easy to judge. You can be male or female. You can be right or wrong, just like a male can.”
In 1986, Linda Bogdan, daughter of then-Bills owner Ralph Wilson, was hired by the team as a full-time scout. Women such as Amy Trask in Oakland, the Jets' Jacqueline Davidson, Cincinnati's Katie Blackburn, the Chargers' Jeanne Bonk and San Francisco's Hannah Gordon have all held high-ranking positions in football front offices in recent years.
Jen Welter became the NFL's first female position coach in 2015 as an intern for Arizona. Kathryn Smith was the first full-time female assistant coach as a special teams quality control coach for Buffalo last year. Katie Sowers has been a coaching intern this summer for San Francisco, and they announced on Facebook over the weekend that they accepted a full-time role for the regular season.
“It's so cool,” Carberg said. “It's been 40 years now, but all over the NFL, there are women on the football side this year, which is really a breakthrough.”
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Transcript for 'Motivated' podcast: How Colin O'Brady climbed seven summits and two poles
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
BOSTON — This is where the Toronto Maple Leafs try to change the ending.
After beating the Bruins in back-to-back elimination games to force their first-round playoff series to the limit — just like they did in 2013 — the Maple Leafs are hoping to finish the job on Wednesday in Game 7 in Boston.
That's something they couldn't do five years ago, when they became the first team in NHL history to blow a three-goal, third-period deficit and lose a Stanley Cup playoff game.
"We've got some more work to do," said goalie Frederik Andersen, who stopped 32 of 33 shots in Game 6 on Monday to help Toronto win 3-1 and prolong its season.
"It's the same kind of pressure we've felt these last two games, where we've been facing elimination," they said. "Game 7 should be the same. It's something that you all dream of — those big moments — and you also want to perform."
So do the Bruins, who have struggled to put away Toronto for the second consecutive time. In '13, the Maple Leafs won two straight and then opened a 4-1 lead in the third period of Game 7, but Boston scored a pair of goals 31 seconds apart in the final 2 minutes of regulation before winning in overtime.
Patrice Bergeron, who scored the game-winner, is one of seven Bruins remaining from that team, compared with four players wearing Toronto jerseys.
"It's nice to have those guys," said Boston forward David Pastrnak, who had four goals and five assists in the first two games of the series this year but only two assists since. "They've been here a bunch, so they know what to expect. It's good for our young guys to have them around."
The winner of Wednesday night's game will play Tampa Bay, which eliminated New Jersey in five games. The Lightning will host the first two games, regardless of which opponent advances.
"I don't think there's any panic at all in this group," Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy said.
“I was pleased to see the administration move in this direction, and I think Nikki Haley has led that movement,” said Linda Thomas-Greenfield, who was assistant secretary of state for African affairs during the Obama administration.
The Obama administration helped midwife the birth of oil-rich South Sudan as an independent nation in 2011. When civil war erupted there in 2013 after President Salva Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, accused their former deputy, Riek Machar, an ethnic Neur, of fomenting a coup, the United States initially sided with Mr. Kiir.
But as government forces abrogated or ignored a peace agreement and a series of cease-fires, Washington's frustration with Mr. Kiir grew. In the latest example, the country's military forces captured the rebel-held town of Lasu in December, creating yet another flow of refugees, despite a unilateral cease-fire that Mr. Kiir had declared in May.
Tens of thousands of people have died in the conflict, more than two million have fled to neighboring countries and almost two million more are internally displaced, despite the presence of 17,000 United Nations peacekeepers in the country.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The crisis comes as a drought in nearby Somalia, Ethiopia and Kenya has put millions more at risk of starvation. Some top officials close to Mr. Kiir have been placed under sanctions by the United States, and on Monday the African Union expressed support for imposing sanctions on leaders who are violating cease-fires in South Sudan.
Uganda, which sent troops to fight on the side of the government of South Sudan in the early stages of the war, is still feeding the conflict with weapons, said Richard Downie, deputy director of the Africa program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, who visited the region in January. Uganda receives considerable security and development assistance from the United States.
“So we give Uganda all this aid, and yet it's been fueling the conflict, so they've been playing us,” Mr. Downie said.
Neither Ms. Thomas-Greenfield nor Mr. Downie believed the United Nations would vote to impose an arms embargo, since Russia and China tend to oppose such efforts as meddlesome. And even if an embargo were passed, neither thought it would do much good.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“An arms embargo is not going to change anything, but there are not a lot of good options out there,” Mr. Downie said.
Ms. Thomas-Greenfield said there was not much else the United States could do. “I still think we should try for an embargo,” they said.
Also Friday, the Treasury Department imposed sanctions on six people and seven companies associated with Hezbollah, the Iranian-backed political and military organization that is deeply entwined in Lebanon's government and backs President Bashar al-Assad of Syria in the civil war in that country.
The designation is intended not only to punish Hezbollah but also to signal that the United States' efforts against Iran go beyond the Trump administration's focus on renegotiating the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement.
According to reports, at least 30 militants have been killed in Syria on Sunday. Earlier, a Russian Su-25 aircraft crashed during a flight over the Idlib de-escalation area, on Saturday. So, the air strike is considered to be a retaliatory move. According to radio intercepts, more than 30 Jabhat al-Nusra militants were killed," Xinhua quoted the ministry as saying.
In a retaliatory move, massive Russian air strikes have killed at least 30 militants in Syria, where a Russian fighter jet was shot down, an official said on Sunday. “A series of high-precision weapon strikes have been delivered in the area controlled by the Jabhat al-Nusra terrorist group, which brought down the Russian Su-25 jet by using a portable anti-aircraft missile system in the Syrian province Idlib,” Russia's Defense Ministry said. “According to radio intercepts, more than 30 Jabhat al-Nusra militants were killed,” Xinhua quoted the ministry as saying.
Earlier on Saturday, the ministry said a pilot survived the fighter jet crash but was later killed in a ground fight with terrorists. The pilot had reported earlier that they ejected by parachute in the area, controlled by Jabhat al-Nusra militants. In May 2017, the guarantors of the Syrian ceasefire — Russia, Iran and Turkey — agreed to set up the Syrian de-escalation zones in Syria, which includes Idlib province. A Russian pilot has been killed after their plane was shot down by militants in the Syrian province of Idlib, the Russian Defence Ministry has said.
“A Russian Su-25 aircraft crashed during a flight over the Idlib de-escalation area,” the ministry said in the statement on Saturday, Xinhua news agency reported. “The pilot died in a fight with the terrorists,” the statement said, adding that preliminary information showed that the plane was downed by use of a man-portable anti-aircraft missile system. “The Russian centre for the reconciliation of opposing sides in Syria and the Turkish side overseeing the Idlib de-escalation area are working to bring the Russian pilot's body home,” it said. The pilot had reported earlier that they ejected by parachute in the area, controlled by Nusra Front militants.
Kevin Pennyfeather
kpennyfeather@postmedia.com
Corwyn “Corky” Tune used to run a tomahawk throwing booth at the Black Gold Rodeo and King of the Klondike Days event in Hawrelak Park 15 years ago.
However, back in 2002, their business folded when a change in insurance providers made its operations untenable. Now with a new material supplier to help them cut costs, he's giving Chuckin' Tomahawk another chance.
“This is a resurgence,” Tune said. “Everyone had a fun time with it 15 years ago.”
Tune took their demo trailer from cabin to cabin on Pigeon Lake this May long weekend to generate interest in the company's relaunch. They outlined the specifics of the game and sold theirs wares.
Their team devised more than 100 different throws before selecting nine that are efficient and fun. Some are modelled on traditional axe throws, while others are more novel, like the backwards football hike or the sidearm toss.
The Tomahawks are thrown in sets of three towards a three-inch diameter bullseye with a bottle cap nailed to the centre.
A player scores one point for hitting the bullseye, three for touching the bottle cap, and seven for lodging a tomahawk that's touching the nail.
Tune emphasized that the majority of the throws can be executed while sitting down, which makes game suitable for players with varying degrees of mobility, and that Chuckin' Tomahawk boasts a spotless safety record.
“In 25 years we've been throwing these — and we figure there's gotta be at least 300,000 tomahawks thrown — nobody's ever been injured from a thrown tomahawk,” they said.
Tune is selling a game package for $250 that includes a set of three, custom-coloured tomahawks with ductile steel heads, a carrying caddy, a target, and instructions on how to throw the tomahawks and run various games. They said the appeal in owning a Chuckin' Tomahawk comes partly from the attention they put into each serial-numbered set. With each head varying slightly in weight, they balance each one with a corresponding handle.
“With the differences in the weight of the heads, the weight of the handles, the colours of paint you've got, and the length you cut a handle, there is no way anybody is ever going to have another set exactly like yours,” they said. “They're totally unique.”
And while he's touring their demo truck around central Alberta this summer they hope the appeal for fans to own their own set will send Chuckin' Tomahawk twirling towards new success.
“What I want to do is sell a bunch of targets and get people throwing in their own back yards,” Tune said. “I would rather have the majority of the business towards sales instead of demonstrations.”
If you're interested in purchasing a game package or hiring Tune for an event, head to www.chuckintomahawk.com.
Expand People walk inside the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) Protection of Civilians site (PoC), near Bentiu, northern South Sudan, February 9, 2017. © 2017 Reuters
Today, the United States government decided to impose a unilateral arms embargo over South Sudan. The gesture is long overdue – the European Union has had its own arms embargo over the country since 2011 – and largely symbolic since the US does not sell arms to South Sudan. But it sends a strong signal that abuses and broken promises will not be tolerated.
It's now high time for the United Nation's Security Council to follow suit.
I've been researching the conflict in South Sudan since 2016, and each trip has been marked by fresh tragedies, including famine. Over those two years, my colleagues and I documented how the abuses spread from the country's northeast to its western and southern regions, forcing millions to flee their homes.
But for more than four years, the Security Council has failed to impose an arms embargo while opposing parties committed serious crimes against civilians, including widespread killings, sexual violence, and attacks on UN peacekeepers. Key permanent council members resisted taking action by stating it was still too early to explore such an option. Four years later, the need is beyond question.
It is clear that the UN and African Union's many condemnations and threats to impose consequences have not been enough to stop the atrocities. The parties to the conflict will not feel pressure to stop until the full weight of the international community is brought to bear. The Secretary-General said it plain and clear: “I've never seen a political elite with so little interested in the well-being of its own people.”
Even South Sudan's neighbors are finally coming around to this sad reality. In late January, a regional body stated it stands ready to impose sanctions over those government and opposition actors that have consistently broken their word. Moussa Faki, the head of the African Union, also made it clear the time has come for sanctions.
The ball is now in the Security Council's court. With the region showing agreement to stronger measures and the US paving the way, will other permanent members continue to claim time isn't ripe for an international arms embargo over South Sudan?
Four years into this abusive war, the Security Council should do the right thing and start protecting civilians, instead of South Sudan's fickle political elite.
All those who are pictured are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of information posted on this web site. However, Wyo4News does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of the content. Names may be similar or identical to other individuals. For the latest case status, contact the arresting law enforcement agency.
WILLIAMS, SHELLEY SUE
Age: 64
Address: ROCK SPRINGS, WY
Booking Type: PRE-TRIAL
Booking Date: 2018-04-23
Arresting Agency: RSPD
Charges: Driving While License Cancelled, Suspended or Revoked – 2nd+ Offense Status: PENDING, Bond: #2054, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court East
Insurance Cards – Cancelled, Fictious or Altered Insurance Card Status: PENDING, Bond: #2054, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court East
2018-04-23RSPD LECKIE, CHRISTOPHER GEORGE Age: 39
Address: ROCK SPRINGS, WY Booking Type: P&P HOLD Booking Date: 2018-04-23
Arresting Agency: RSPD
Charges: Burglary (P & P HOLD) Status: PENDING, Bond: #2061, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: District Court
2018-04-23RSPD THOMPSON COWANS, SHAUNTARA JAMILA Age: 19
Address: COLUMBIA, MO Booking Type: PRE-TRIAL Booking Date: 2018-04-23
Arresting Agency: WHP
Charges: Unlawful Possession – Sched I II or III > 3 Ounces, 3/10 gram, 3 grams or 5/10 gram respective Status: PENDING, Bond: #2056, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court West
Unlawful Manufacture or Delivery – Schedule I, II or III Status: PENDING, Bond: #2056, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court West
Attempts and Conspiracies Status: PENDING, Bond: #2056, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court West
Unlawful Possession – Pill or Capsule < 3 Grams – 1st Offense Status: PENDING, Bond: #2056, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court West
2018-04-23WHP
SLAGOWSKI, MISTY MAY
Age: 35
Address: LYMAN, WY
Booking Type: PRE-TRIAL
Booking Date: 2018-04-23
Arresting Agency: SCSO
Charges: Unlawful Possession – Powder or Crystalline < 3 Grams- 1st Offense (WRNT FTA) Status: PENDING, Bond: #2057, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court West
SCSO JOHNSON, KENYA LASHAE Age: 22
Address: COLUMBIA, MO Booking Type: PRE-TRIAL Booking Date: 2018-04-23
Arresting Agency: WHP
Charges: Unlawful Possession – Sched I II or III > 3 Ounces, 3/10 gram, 3 grams or 5/10 gram respective Status: PENDING, Bond: #2058, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court West
Unlawful Manufacture or Delivery – Schedule I, II or III Status: PENDING, Bond: #2058, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court West
Attempts and Conspiracies Status: PENDING, Bond: #2058, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court West
Unlawful Possession – Pill or Capsule < 3 Grams – 1st Offense Status: PENDING, Bond: #2058, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court West
2018-04-23WHP VAN BRUNT, DEREK TRAVERS Age: 41
Address: ROCK SPRINGS, WY Booking Type: PRE-TRIAL Booking Date: 2018-04-23
Arresting Agency: RSPD
Charges: Failure to Maintain Liability Coverage – 1st Offense (WRNT BOND VIOLATION) Status: PENDING, Bond: #2060, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court East
Vehicle Registration – Expired or Improper Registration (WRNT BOND VIOLATION) Status: PENDING, Bond: #2060, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court East
Failure to Provide Proof of Liability Coverage (WRNT BOND VIOLATION) Status: PENDING, Bond: #2060, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court East
Vehicle Registration – Expired or Improper Registration (WRNT BOND VIOLATION) Status: PENDING, Bond: #2060, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court East
2018-04-23RSPD CALLAWAY, PRINCETON MARTEZ Age: 28
Address: BOONVILLE, MO Booking Type: PRE-TRIAL Booking Date: 2018-04-23
Arresting Agency: WHP
Charges: Attempts and Conspiracies Status: PENDING, Bond: #2059, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: Circuit Court West
2018-04-23WHP GENE, TYRAE MORRIS Age: 22
Address: TONALEA, AR
Booking: 2018-04-23
Released: 2018-04-23 Type: PRE-TRIAL
Arresting Agency: RSPD
Charges: Drunk in Public – 1st Offense Status: PENDING, Bond: #2051, SURETY OR CASH, $160, Court: RS Municipal Court
BERLIN (AP) — Lawyers for the main defendant in a high-profile neo-Nazi murder trial in Germany have begun their closing arguments — five years after proceedings opened.
Beate Zschaepe, the only known survivor of the far-right National Socialist Underground group, is accused of taking part in 10 killings, two bomb attacks and several bank robberies.
The 43-year-old's lawyers told the Munich regional court Tuesday that their client didn't have an equal role in the killings committed by two deceased members of the group.
Prosecutors want life imprisonment for Zschaepe and lesser sentences for four defendants accused of helping the group. They, and lawyers representing some of the victims, finished their closing arguments in February.
The trial, which was drawn out by regular delaying motions by the defendants, is expected to conclude within weeks.
Whether Aaron Rodgers sees the field this week against Carolina is in the hands of team doctor Pat McKenzie. That was the word from Packers coach Mike McCarthy Monday afternoon when asked about their franchise quarterback that has missed the last seven games due to a broken collarbone.
“There were a number of scans [and] testing that went on [Monday] morning,” McCarthy told reporters. “It is now in the evaluation stage. Dr. McKenzie is reviewing it. There are a number of medical opinions that will be involved in the decision. At this time, I do not have a clean decision for you.”
Advertisement
Rodgers was injured against the Minnesota Vikings in the middle of October, had surgery Oct. 20 and then returned to practice less than two weeks ago.
“Obviously, in their mind, he's ready to go,” McCarthy said of Rodgers. “If you've watched them practice, and the conversations with him, but this is a medical decision.”
McCarthy said game-planning for the Panthers started last week, but admitted a decision on the availability of Rodgers is needed sooner rather than later.
“It's in the evaluation process. I don't have an answer for you,” McCarthy said when pressed for timetable. “I'd like to know as soon as possible. Frankly, it'd be best for Aaron to know as soon as possible. He's the one that has to get ready.”
The message from the team — and Rodgers — all along has been he'll play when the bone is healed, something they wouldn't know for sure until Monday. But even with the situation the team is in — sitting at 7-6 and in the thick of the NFC Wild Card chase — this won't be a play at all costs endeavor for Rodgers.
“At the end of the day, the organization is focused on doing what's in the best interest of Aaron Rodgers' health,” McCarthy said.
Related
Comments
comments
U.S. Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis waits for the start of the North Atlantic Council at NATO headquarters in Brussels on Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. For U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, the next few days will be a reassurance tour with a twist.  They are expected to tell allies the U.S. is committed to NATO and is also hoping to secure bigger defense spending commitments. (AP Photo/Virginia Mayo)
BRUSSELS (AP) — U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday issued a sharp ultimatum to NATO Wednesday, telling allies they must start increasing defense spending by year's end or the Trump administration will "moderate its commitment" to them.
They did not detail what the United States might do if NATO members failed to fall in line.
Echoing a demand made repeatedly by President Donald Trump, Mattis said NATO must adopt a plan this year that sets milestone dates for governments to meet a military funding goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product.
The Pentagon chief called it a "fair demand" based on the "political reality" in Washington.
"No longer can the American taxpayer carry a disproportionate share of the defense of Western values," Mattis told the alliance's 27 other defense ministers, according to a text of their remarks. "Americans cannot care more for your children's future security than you do."
Attending their first NATO defense ministers' meeting, Mattis tried to make their case by citing the threat from Russia. The gathering came at an awkward time for the United States, after Trump fired national security adviser Michael Flynn over Flynn's communications with Russia before President Barack Obama left office Jan. 20.
Mattis noted Russia's 2014 annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region and the Islamic State group's hold over parts of Iraq and Syria, and said that "some in this alliance have looked away in denial of what is happening."
"Despite the threats from the east and south, we have failed to fill gaps in our NATO response force or to adapt," they added.
The warning reflects Trump's wish for greater sharing of military costs. Trump has rattled European nations by suggesting the U.S. might not defend allies unwilling to fulfill their financial obligations as NATO members.
Mattis didn't go as far.
British's defense chief, Michael Fallon, said Mattis told NATO members that "Congress will not continue to tolerate unequal burden-sharing." But Fallon said Mattis also appeared to welcome a British proposal to create a road map for increased spending by other countries.
Along with the U.S. and Britain, the other countries that also reach NATO's benchmark for military spending are Estonia, Poland and debt-ridden Greece.
"I have called today in the plenary session for those countries that haven't met 2 percent to agree to at least increase their budget annually," Fallon said. "An annual increase that we're asking them to commit to would at least demonstrate good faith."
The United States is by far NATO's most powerful member. It spends more on defense than all the others combined. The U.S. spent 3.61 percent of American GDP last year, according to NATO estimates — a level that has somewhat tapered off in recent years.
Germany, by contrast, spent 1.19 percent of its overall budget on defense. Ten countries spend even less, and seven — including Canada, Italy and Spain — would have to virtually double military spending to reach the target. One, Luxembourg, would require a four-fold increase to get close.
Mattis recognized Europe's worries and the desire for clarity on America's commitment to NATO. Trump has criticized the alliance as "obsolete" and repeatedly praised Russian President Vladimir Putin, stoking fears of a new U.S. approach to Moscow that includes lessened support for European allies near Russia's border who worry about being the next target.
In a brief public statement, made while standing alongside NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg, Mattis called the alliance "a fundamental bedrock for the United States and for all the trans-Atlantic community."
The allies' interest and concern about the latest furor in Washington was evident as officials crowded around televisions at the NATO meeting to watch Mattis' initial appearance with Stoltenberg. Ministers immediately clustered around the retired Marine general as they entered the meeting room.
Stoltenberg said they have spoken to Trump twice by telephone, and received similar reassurance from Mattis and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
"They have all conveyed the same message," they said, adding: "That is, that the United States will stay committed to the trans-Atlantic partnership."
___
Associated Press writer Lorne Cook contributed to this report.
IT was revealed at the annual budget meeting for Sligo County Council that the cost pertaining to the Lissadell legal case will cost in the region of €3.68 million.
The figure was given to elected members of the council by CEO Ciaran Hayes who said that the council had received word on the costs at close of business on Wednesday of last week.
CEO Hayes said that the news would bring “closure to a difficult situation for Sligo” and that they envisaged it would “conclude in 2018 or early 2019.”
They broke down the three areas which the council will be considering when they're entering into negotiations for the payment of costs to the owners of Lissadell House.
These areas are the full costs of contingent liability- €3.68 million, the second area was the final determination of those costs and the final area would be the proposals for where the council will find the monies to meet the cost of the case.
In relation to the costs of €3.68 million, the CEO explained that these costs were “highly likely to change but will not increase.”
Ciaran Hayes said that the council had two revenue streams from which money to meet the costs could be garnered.
These are €750,000 owed to the Council by the Department of Environment and also money from Irish Public Bodies, a council insurer who will be distributing €200 million to its members of which Sligo County Council will have in the region of €2.4 million.
More from this story, including reaction from councillors will be in this week's Sligo Weekender.
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
please wait... Rating: 5.0/5 (1 vote cast)
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
Rating: 0 (from 0 votes)
“We are selling one audience, no matter where they watch our content,” Cordella said.
Like previous agreements with Amazon, Twitter and Yahoo, the new Verizon agreement illustrates the N.F.L.'s proclivity to push the envelope to broaden its reach, especially among younger viewers, who may not have a pay television subscription, even if it means potentially angering its television partners as they approach the start of negotiations for new deals.
In a statement announcing the deal, N.F.L. Commissioner Roger Goodell said the league was thrilled to get more deeply involved with digital distribution.
“Live N.F.L. action directly on your mobile device — regardless of carrier — will give millions of fans additional ways to follow their favorite sport,” Goodell said.
Hans Schroeder, an N.F.L. executive in charge of media, believes fans won't choose to watch on their phones instead of their televisions, but instead will add to the television audience. said, “We think this is a very complementary way of growing, engaging and reaching younger fans that will ultimately become longer term viewers.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Since 2010, Verizon mobile customers have been able to stream N.F.L. games for free through the N.F.L. Mobile app.
The deal potentially allows Verizon, and the N.F.L., to reach more people, but also does away with what made the previous agreements so lucrative for Verizon: Exclusivity. When signing an extension of the mobile agreement in 2013, Verizon executives said that the number of subscribers the N.F.L. Mobile app helped retain, or add, contributed to the company's decision to re-sign.
Now Sprint, AT&T and T-Mobile customers will also be allowed to stream N.F.L. games, as long as they go to Verizon-owned apps or websites.
Over the past few years, Verizon has acquired a spate of digital media companies, including paying more than $9 billion combined to buy AOL and Yahoo, a sign of the company's growing ambitions at becoming a digital media powerhouse able to challenge the likes of Google and Facebook for advertising dollars.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There are some protections for traditional broadcast partners built into the agreement, which does not extend to streaming on tablets or through smart televisions.
For the N.F.L., the deal is surely a short-term win. Verizon is paying nearly double the amount of money each year and doesn't retain exclusivity over the games, though they are adding a number of sponsorship benefits. But long term it seems certain to allow for further erosion of pay television subscriptions, and it will challenge the N.F.L.'s partners in legacy media, who are already facing two straight years of declining ratings.
The N.F.L.'s broadcast agreements all expire after the 2022 season. With ratings trending downward and digital rights giants, such as Netflix, Facebook, Amazon and Google, so far balking at paying hundreds of millions, or billions, for sports rights, the N.F.L. could soon be in for a round of tense negotiations.
A University at Buffalo pharmacy student is pleading for relief from New York Governor Andrew Cuomo's executive order banning state-funded travel to North Carolina.
Cuomo signed an executive order in March of 2016 prohibiting “state funded or state sponsored travel to North Carolina” in response to the controversial NC law requiring individuals to use the restroom facility that corresponds to their gender at birth. The edict has already prevented several New York teams from participating in high-profile college sporting events, but is now allegedly interfering with at least one student's academic pursuits.
“I don't think it's fair that I don't get that opportunity when we can travel anywhere else in the country.”
[RELATED: NCAA pulls championship games from NC over transgender bathroom law]
Christine Piccione, a third year pharmacy student at UB, is appealing the executive order so that they can do their rotations in North Carolina, telling WGRZ that over the past three months they have sent letters and called the governor's office repeatedly, and even had 117 students write letters on their behalf, but still has not received a response.
Piccione claims that the laws in North Carolina allows students to do more than in New York, and that University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill has the best pharmacy program in the country, but that they can't take advantage of those opportunities as long as Cuomo's order remains in effect.
[RELATED: Coach K calls HB2 ‘embarrassing' as LGBT students avoid NC]
Piccione, despite funding the travel herself, was informed by SUNY's legal counsel that doing a rotation in North Carolina fell under the “state sponsored” clause of the executive order.
"I definitely think it does put me at a disadvantage,” Piccione told WGRZ. “I'm going to be competing against the top students in the country for jobs, and I just don't think it's fair that I don't get that opportunity when we can travel anywhere else in the country, anywhere else in the world even, and I can't travel to one state in my own country.”
[RELATED: NY colleges shun Duke over NC bathroom bill]
A state-appointed attorney called Piccione to try to gather more information about the case, but while they expressed relief to know that the state is “working on it,” the deadline for them to choose the place where they will do their rotations is Wednesday.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @kassydillon
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, i...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for the 11th time.
Miki Sudo held on to their title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
Chestnut said they were "feeling good."
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session.
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," said George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer. "Joey said, 'Look at my plates,' and Carmen said, 'Look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than they consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband, Dwight Pleasant, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," they said.
___
This story has been corrected to show the hometown is spelled Tucson, not Tuscon.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sleaford Wheelers Cycling Club raised £1,200 for Cancer Research UK from their popular annual Charity 10 Time Trial on Saturday.
The event drew 138 entrants of all ages from across Lincolnshire and beyond with 128 riders finishing the course.
Sleaford Wheelers charity TT. Paul Burrows - Sleaford Wheelers Cycling Club. EMN-170417-152633002
Matt Sinclair (Lutterworth Cycle Centre Race Team) took the top spot with a time of 20min 19secs, while Sarah King, of Bianchi Dama UK, was the quickest women's rider in an impressive 23.36.
Luke Issitt took place for the Wheelers in the juvenile category with a time of 27.55, while Isabel Hobday (Witham Wheelers) completed the course in 33.42 to take the top spot in the female juvenile category.
Adam Egner took the top junior prize in 23.03 for the Witham Wheelers, and Melissa Mawson was the quickest female junior with a time of 42.22.
Event organiser Linda Hurst said: “This was the first event that I have ever organised, but I cannot take the credit for it as it really was a team effort, supported by members of Sleaford Wheelers.
Sleaford Wheelers charity TT. Richard Yates - Sleaford Wheelers Cycling Club. EMN-170417-152817002
“The event has been run for the last seven years by Doug Laidlow, who has worked tirelessly to turn this event into a date for everyone's diary. We reached a field of 138 riders from all over the country; with riders from 12 years of age to riders in their 70s, including two trike riders.
“It was a great event for a great cause.”
Top 10: 1 Matt Sinclair (Lutterworth CC RT) 20min 19secs, 2 W. Perrett (Langdale Lightweights) 21.02, 3 I. Guilor (Mapperley CC) 21.07, 4 M. Vaal (Team Bottrill/HSS) 21.25, 5 A. Colman (Alford Wheelers) 21.26, 6 N. Palmer (Velo-One CT) 21.28, 7 A. Golby (Cambridge Uni CC) 21.30, 8 R. Egner (Witham Wheelers) 21.31, 9 J. Boyle (Sleaford Wheelers) CC 21.35, 10 R. Hamblin (Sleaford Wheelers CC) 21.39.
Entries are now open for the Nev Crane Memorial 25-mile time trial on Sunday, July 16.
Sleaford Wheelers charity TT. Ann Le Bek - Sleaford Wheelers Cycling Club. EMN-170417-152734002
* For more information visit cyclingtimetrials.org.uk/race-details/15574
German Chancellor Angela Merkel pushed Monday for quick movement toward a new governing alliance with the main center-left party, saying that only such a coalition will bring the "stable government" needed at a challenging time for Europe.
Merkel stressed their interest in bolstering European unity and suggested that it could underpin a new "grand coalition" of Germany's biggest parties — their own conservative Union bloc and the center-left Social Democrats.
The two sides will begin discussions Wednesday on a possible extension of their coalition of the past four years. But it is far from certain that a new alliance will come together.
Germany is on course to easily beat its previous record of 86 days — set in 2013 — for the time from an election to the swearing-in of a new government.
After their disastrous election result on Sept. 24, the Social Democrats said they would go into opposition. They reluctantly agreed to reconsider after Merkel's coalition talks with two smaller parties collapsed.
If they don't enter a coalition, the only possibilities would be an unprecedented minority government led by Merkel or a new election. President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who alone has the power to dissolve parliament, has made clear they don't want a new election.
Germany's political impasse comes at a time when the European Union is considering how to shape its future after Britain's impending departure in 2019, and with French President Emmanuel Macron championing ambitious EU reform plans.
"I favor quick talks. And I think a stable government is the basis on which we can work best with France and for Europe," Merkel said after a meeting of their Christian Democratic Union's leadership.
"I am not exaggerating when I say that the world is waiting for us to be able to act," they told reporters.
Merkel argued that there is a window of opportunity to make decisions next year, ahead of European Parliament elections in 2019.
Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz, a former European Parliament president, last week suggested moving toward a federal "United States of Europe" by 2025, with countries that don't join up leaving the EU. Merkel has made clear that that goes too far for her, but also says there is much common ground on European matters.
The Social Democrats have stressed that the talks on a new Merkel government will be open-ended, and that they will also consider some kind of support for a conservative minority government. Any coalition deal would require endorsement by the party membership, which has shown little enthusiasm for joining a new government.
"A minority government would, in any case, of course not be a stable government," Merkel said.
Melissa Vaughn, a 37-year-old stay-at-home mom in the Boston area, believes that brownies saved their baby. Specifically, those made with Betty Crocker Fudge Brownie Mix — and pot-infused butter.
Before they baked their first batch, they tried everything else they could find to alleviate their severe morning sickness, called hyperemesis, which began around four weeks into their first trimester and got progressively worse.
“I would constantly vomit,” Melissa (not their real name) tells Yahoo Beauty. “I couldn't keep any food down. I couldn't keep any water down. I was totally incapacitated, in bed, unable to function. And I lost 12 pounds in seven days.”
Desperate for a solution, Melissa went to their obstetrician and got prescriptions for several medications, including Zofran, which gave them a migraine so terrible, they say, “I wanted to rip my eyeballs out of my head.” A suppository they tried made their “groggy as hell,” they add, “and I was still sick with it.” Meanwhile, their husband, Nick, who works in advertising, took 10 days off to care for Melissa as well as their preschool-aged daughter.
“He was trying to push as many fluids into me as they could, but then I'd throw up,” they say. “I was waifish. My skin started losing its color; my cheeks were sinking in.”
It was at that point that Nick began reading online about the medical benefits of marijuana and came back to Melissa with an idea: What about smoking some pot? “I talked to my friend's neighbor, who is a midwife, and they said that that was the only thing that got them through their first trimester,” Melissa says. “So I smoked a little bit of weed. I coughed, and the coughing made me throw up. But after that, the symptoms just disappeared. It was amazing.”
View photos
After repeating this trial over a couple of days, they decided to try an “edible,” to cut out the smoking and coughing entirely. The medical-grade chocolate they tried was too strong, but Betty Crocker's mix was the perfect vehicle for delivering small amounts of Blueberry Headband, a hybrid strain of marijuana that they bought from a friend.
“I figured out how I could curb the nausea but not feel like a stony-pony,” says Melissa, who ate three to four mini pot brownies a day — the equivalent of one whole brownie. “There were no side effects. It completely stopped my nausea.”`
Melissa, by the way, is not a pot smoker. “I don't like being high,” they say, but for at least a few weeks during their pregnancy, they counted on their friend Mary Jane.
And their story, while extreme, isn't as unusual as you might think. According to a recent study published in JAMA, American women are increasingly ingesting marijuana during their pregnancies to stop morning sickness and other conditions, including anxiety and depression. The number of pregnant women willing to report their pot use is low: In 2014, less than 4 percent of pregnant women said they had used marijuana in the past month, up from 2.4 in 2002. But some researchers believe the real figures are much higher.
So why the secrecy? Even though many states have legalized marijuana in recent years, there is still a social stigma around toking up. (Remember: “I didn't inhale.”) More proof of it came recently through a new exclusive Yahoo News/Marist Poll, which found that only about one in five Americans, 21 percent, believe it's OK for a pregnant woman to use marijuana for easing nausea or pain (a figure that jumps to 40 percent among regular users of weed).
View photos
And not enough is known about the effects of marijuana exposure on offspring. “It's one of those things where it is still so hush-hush, because you don't want people to look at you like you put your child in danger,” says Melissa, who asked for anonymity in this story precisely because of the potential judgment. Still, they add, “I was more nervous about the pharmaceuticals than I was about the marijuana, because it is a natural substance.”
Former Tokyo vice-governor Takashi Yamamoto has begun work at as deputy director general of the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee.
Yamamoto started in the position on December 1, with the official being introduced to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) Coordination Commission yesterday.
The appointment was approved by the Tokyo 2020 Board at their meeting on November 29.
Organisers hope Yamamoto will help to strengthen ties between Tokyo 2020 and the Tokyo Metropolitan Government.
Yamamoto served as vice-governor of Tokyo until October, with their role having been overseeing the Olympic and Paralympic team at in the Metropolitan Government.
 They are now one of five deputy director generals, who are assisting Tokyo 2020 chief executive Toshirō Mutō.
The official joins Yukihiko Nunomura, Hiroshi Sato, Yusuke Sakaue and Masaaki Komiya in the positions.
Yamamoto has boasted considerably experience of working with Tokyo 2020 in their previous role, which saw them act as a vice-president back in 2016.
Last year, Yamamoto participated in an emergency teleconference call with Mutō and IOC Coordination Commission chair John Coates.
Takashi Yamamoto was introduced to the IOC Coordination Commission yesterday ©Getty Images
It came after a Tokyo Metropolitan Government Task Force published a report which claimed their budget would balloon, an assertion rejected by the IOC and Tokyo 2020.
The report recommended several venues needed to be changed to cut the budget.
Despite the report, organisers have worked with the IOC to reduce costs of the Games in the past year.
The proposed venue changes, outlined in the report, ultimately failed to materialise.
Yamamoto has regularly attended Tokyo 2020 promotional events over recent months, including assisting with the launch of Tokyo 2020's design competition for the official mascots of the Olympic and Paralympic Games back in May.
Three people are in custody Monday after two Dakota Access pipeline protesters rappelled from the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis to hang a banner during the Minnesota Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
The game was not interrupted by the protest Sunday, but eight rows of fans seated below the banner were cleared as a precaution. The Vikings beat the Bears, 38-10.
The banner urged Minneapolis-based U.S. Bank to divest from the four-state, $3.8 billion pipeline. Opponents contend the pipeline could affect drinking water and Native American artifacts. Texas-based developer Energy Transfer Partners says the pipeline will be safe.
Minneapolis police spokesperson Officer Corey Schmidt said a 32-year-old man and 26-year-old woman were arrested Sunday on misdemeanor burglary and trespass charges for the high-flying stunt. Police later arrested a 27-year-old woman whom they accuse of obstructing the legal process, but have released no details of their role in the incident.
The protesters rappelled into place during the second quarter, and then hung in a seated position about 100 feet above the seats that were evacuated for safety. The pair watched the rest of the game, occasionally shifting positions or waving at spectators. One wore a purple Brett Favre Vikings jersey.
U.S. Bank Stadium operator SMG said in a statement that they apparently climbed over a guard rail to access the ridge truss. Police spoke with them from a catwalk in attempt to get them to stop, and by the fourth quarter about a half-dozen police and firefighters in rappelling gear were on the truss waiting to remove the pair.
The protesters willingly climbed up their ropes when the game ended, as fans booed them from below.
Vikings spokesperson Lester Bagley said the team's only concern was for the "safety of our fans and guests."
Protesters say U.S. Bank has extended a large credit line to Energy Transfer Partners. U.S. Bank spokesperson Dana Ripley declined comment.
The pipeline would carry oil from western North Dakota through South Dakota and Iowa to a shipping point in Illinois. Protesters camped in North Dakota for months to try to stop completion of the project.
———
Associated Press reporter Jeff Baenen contributed to this story from Minneapolis.
“You are the sons of our country,” they said in one video. “We will protect all the people of Ghouta.”
In bypassing the news media, Mr. Assad delivered an alternative view of the war, one in which they are assured and in charge, casually cruising past bombed-out buildings, often driving with just two fingers, an elbow propped casually out the window. It is a world in which their opponents are all terrorists and their troops all heroes.
Photo
“In these areas, every meter has a drop of blood from a Syrian fighter,” they say in one video. “A hero among heroes.”
While other Arab leaders have aggrandized themselves with great wealth or military parades, Mr. Assad has cultivated a man-of-the-people image, a Syrian Everyman who loves their country and its people. In their simple Honda sedan, they speak to an unidentified videographer documenting them from the passenger seat, with no other aides or security measures visible to the camera.
In 2016, they paid a similar visit to another Damascus suburb, Daraya, after their forces had starved and bombed its rebellious population into submission. In that video, they drove a silver Hyundai.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
This time, as they drive by a line of buildings destroyed in combat, they speak of feeling a mix of pride in the advances of their forces and of sadness for what the war had done to civilians, especially children.
“The thing that is painful is to see is people who were forced without a choice because of the war, because of the terrorists, to leave their homes and to live for days in open areas,” they said.
They do not hint at their own role in the war, their forces' history of inflicting tremendous violence and the costs to civilians their painful sieges have exacted on rebel-held areas. In eastern Ghouta, about 1,500 civilians have been killed since the Syrian government began its campaign to take the area last month, and some 20,000 civilians have fled in recent days. Witnesses have described scenes of families bombarded by government warplanes and artillery as they tried to flee, leaving the wounded lying in the street.
There were no scenes like that in Mr. Assad's video. At one stop, they spoke to a crowd of soldiers, telling them that they were playing a crucial role in a global battle against terrorists.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Each bullet that you fire, when you hit a terrorist, when you get rid of a terrorist, you are changing the world system,” they said, as the booms of an ongoing battle punctuated their speech. Every tank driver who goes one meter forward, they are changing the map of world politics.”
TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo (KPH), one of Japan's most prestigious international hotels located in Shinjuku, Tokyo, will host the “38 th Arita and Imari Porcelain Exhibition – From Origin to Modern Style” from July 1 (Sunday) to August 1 (Wednesday), 2018, introducing to guests the Arita and Imari porcelain, the first ceramics made in the southern island of Kyushu, Japan. Art items representing the Ko-Imari and other styles of porcelain will be displayed in exhibition. Also, seven renowned and modern porcelain makers from the Arita and Imari regions of Saga Prefecture will display their products and be available for sale. In addition, eight of our restaurants will serve specially prepared foods using porcelain from the Arita and Imari regions. Many guests can purchase porcelain products after dining at our restaurants and actually seeing and feeling how they are used to accentuating foods.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en/
Japanese Dinner Using Arita and Imari Porcelain (Photo: Business Wire)
This year marks the 38 th time that this exhibition has been held, and is a reflection of the strong interest in Arita and Imari porcelain products. This exhibition is also designed to provide our international guests, who account for over 75% of total guests, with an opportunity to experience the beauty of Japan's traditional Arita and Imari porcelain products.
This year's exhibition will focus upon “Ko-Karatsu” and “Ko-Imari” porcelain established in the southern island of Kyushu. “Ko-Karatsu” is known for its simple and sturdiness during the reign of the Lord Toyotomi in the late 16 th century. “Ko-Imari” became popular art items amongst European aristocrats during the 17 th century Edo Period. Beautiful porcelain items made by the renowned pottery makers that have evolved over the 400-year history of the art will be on display.
Archive of Press Release
About the Keio Plaza Hotel
Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo, located in Shinjuku at the very heart of the nation's capital Tokyo, is one of Japan's leading international hotels. Our hotel boasts of over 20 restaurants and bars, and we host a wide range of local and international guests who visit us for our welcoming facilities, warm hospitality and unique services that allow them to experience Japanese culture, including our Hello Kitty themed rooms and Japanese cultural experience programs. For more information about our facilities and services, please visit our website, YouTube, Facebook or Instagram.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en/
CONTACT: Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo
Keiko Kawashima, +81-3-5322-8010
Public Relations Manager
keiko-kawashima@keioplaza.co.jp
KEYWORD: ASIA PACIFIC JAPAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT ARTS/MUSEUMS TRAVEL LODGING RESTAURANT/BAR RETAIL
SOURCE: Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 10:05 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 10:05 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en
Gateway Pundit is sharing a report from SunOnline which appears to contradict the framework of what Marilou Danley has stated to law enforcement. At least as it has been described by media.
Previously, media have stated Marilou Danley had no idea Stephen Craig Paddock had dozens of rifles and weapons stored in the house. Additionally, again according to media reports, Danley and Paddock lived together and they left for a vacation to visit friends before they went on the attack in Las Vegas.
However, according to neighbors of the house in Reno, these media reports don't match the actual behavior:
In an exclusive interview with Sun Online, Suzy Page, 68, who lives next door to Paddock and their girlfriend Marilou Danley, said: “It was the talk of the neighbourhood what on earth they had stashed in the safe, it was as big as a refrigerator… …“I lived next door to them and their girlfriend and never once got as much as a smile out of him.
“They had barely any furniture in the house and nothing in the yard, the shades were always down and it was like they were not even living there. Another neighbour from the same exclusive retirement community in Reno, who did not want to be named, said: “I saw the safe and it was literally the size of a refrigerator.” “We would all wonder what on earth they kept in there, but nobody could ever ask as they were not the kind of man who engaged with anyone. “Occasionally they would work out early in the morning at the community gym, but never ever does anyone here remember them having a friendly word to say to anyone.” Mrs Page also revealed how Paddock, 64, fled town after buying a new silver minivan at the start of August. And just two weeks later they said they watched as girlfriend Marilou Danley packed their things into their car before also leaving. Mrs Page added: “I remember at the start of August looking out of my window and seeing Stephen pull up in a brand new huge silver minivan. “But just a few days later they left the house in it and was never seen again. “I thought the whole situation was even weirder when two weeks later I then look out of my window again to see Marilou stuffing their car full of all their belongings. “Over the course of three or four days it was like they were moving their entire life out of the house. “She packed so much stuff not only was their car full, but it was also tied to the top of their car. “After a few days of packing they too pulled out of the driveway and was never seen again. “It was all very strange.” (GWP link)
Also, there's are serious discrepancies in the prior statements by the FBI as noted by Laura Loomer:
Law enforcement and @FBI misled the public about #Paddock's check in date and also provided public & media w/ wrong license plate number. pic.twitter.com/y9hS6GqdKI — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 6, 2017
EXCLUSIVE PICS: LV Shooter's car; @FBI notes inside @MandalayBay valet center proves FBI misled public about #StephenPaddock's check in date. pic.twitter.com/sotjwX3o0i — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 6, 2017
(Via Infowars) Valet entries from Mandalay Bay prove that gunman Stephen Paddock checked in on September 25th, three days before the official date given by authorities for when they checked in, September 28. Reporter Laura Loomer obtained an image from inside the Mandalay Bay valet center which shows Paddock's car was first logged on September 25. Below the computer display a hand written note is also visible that states “Stephen Paddock 9/25-10/2.” According to Loomer's source, the note was written by an FBI agent when they asked valet staff to provide details of all in-out times for Paddock's vehicle. According to Loomer, the picture “proves (the) FBI misled public about #StephenPaddock's check in date.” (Infowars LINK)
There is a lot of conflicting information making the official explanation of the details surround this attack seem sketchier and sketchier.
Weird.
Of course it doesn't help that cue to recent history the FBI is now generally considered untrustworthy, and less than honest as an independent investigative unit.
Ontario has abruptly put a hold on new regulations that would have snuffed out smoking or vaping in medical marijuana lounges, giving the incoming Doug Ford government time to sort through the contentious rules.
Jon Liedtke, co-owner of Windsor's Higher Limits cannabis lounge, was happy Tuesday to hear the news. Faced with changes to the Smoke Free Ontario Act that would have threatened their business, they were planning to flout the new rules.
“I had expected that it wouldn't be enforced and the fact that the ministry is saying now that it's all on pause, that's some of the best relief that I've heard in a while,” they said.
Ontario's Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care told the Star Tuesday it is pausing new rules banning cannabis smoking or vaping in a wide range of places, after they took effect July 1.
“The changes to the Smoke Free Ontario Act that were set to come into effect on July 1, 2018, are being paused to give the new government the opportunity to carefully review the new regulations related to vaping,” a ministry spokesperson said in an email.
The new Smoke Free Ontario Act states that medical cannabis is used for its “therapeutic benefits,” and will continue to be treated differently than recreational marijuana. But that doesn't mean the government isn't harbouring concerns about it.
“A primary concern of the government is to protect everyone from the potentially harmful effects of medical cannabis second-hand smoke and vapour,” the new act states.
It is in that spirit that the province has made additions to the act, prohibiting smoking medical cannabis beyond where it forbids tobacco.
E-cigarettes and smoking or vaping medical cannabis will be barred in the same places tobacco is banned, including “enclosed workplaces and enclosed public places.”
But it will also be forbidden in areas “around outdoor restaurants and bar patios, and areas around schools and children and youth recreational facilities.”
Before learning that the changes had been put on hold, Liedtke said they would not shut down and planned to fight the rules if necessary.
“I don't plan on telling my customers not to take their medication, nor my employees,” they said.
They acknowledged that the Smoke Free Ontario Act bans “combustion” and “vapourization” inside a business. But there is another government act to consider, they said.
“Under the Ontario Human Rights Act, I have an obligation as a proprietor to not only my employees but my customers to accommodate their medical needs,” said Liedtke. “So I can't tell someone not to take their medication.”
“I'm hopeful it never gets to a point where we have to officially challenge this. I would hope the government can go and introduce amendments to this legislation that are common sense.”
Despite the rule initially taking effect on July 1, Liedtke said Tuesday they had not heard from the health unit that any changes were required.
“They have not made us aware of any changes in terms of enforcement and how they're going to be dealing with us,” they said. “I understand on a plain reading of the legislation it seems pretty clear. But for the past three weeks the tobacco unit was going to all the restaurants in the downtown core and letting them know about their obligations under this change. We still haven't heard from them.”
The Windsor-Essex County Health Unit said Tuesday it won't take any action until it receives further instruction from the province.
“Pending changes to the Smoke-free Ontario Act (SFOA) and Electronic Cigarettes Act (ECA) are currently paused until we receive further direction from the Ministry of Health and Long-term Care,” Theresa Marentette, the health unit's acting CEO and director of health protection, said in an email. “In the interim, the SFOA and ECA which were in place prior to July 1 will remain in effect. Businesses impacted by this pause are being contacted with this information.”
–The Windsor Star
Getty Image
Following the horrific Unite The Right white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, VA, that led to the death of three and many more injuries, many were angered by the lack of response from President Donald Trump, who merely issued a broad statement after two days of not denouncing the Nazis and white supremacists involved in the domestic terrorism. Despite dragging their feet in denouncing the evident white supremacy shown in Charlottesville instead referring to it as “an egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides,” Trump was very quick to respond to the criticism over their statement, because they believe the press is the real villain here.
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied…truly bad people! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Richard Spencer, one of the major figureheads of the current white supremacist movement who was on the ground in Charlottesville this weekend, attempted to hold a press conference this afternoon to respond to the growing media attention but was turned away by two D.C. hotels before resorting to hosting the event in their own office.
Richard Spencer calls Trumps statement today "nonsense" and "silliness" "I just don't take them seriously…it sounded so hollow" — Ben Schreckinger (@SchreckReports) August 14, 2017
According to Spencer, people should not read Trump's statements on Charlottesville as a denouncement of white supremacy.
“His statement today was more kumbaya nonsense. Only a dumb person would take those lines seriously. Its just silliness. It's not serious and I don't think anyone takes it seriously including the president… I don't think they condemned it, no. Did they say ‘white nationalist?' ‘Racist' means an irrational hatred of people. I don't think they meant any of us.”
Richard Spencer is attempting to distance themselves and their supporters from the murder in Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/phoYuIoqYa — Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) August 14, 2017
Spencer also worked to distance the movement from the murder of 32-year-old counterprotester Heather Heyer by Nazi sympathizer James Fields, who drove their car into a crowd at a post-rally protest. “I am not going to condemn this young man at this point,” Spencer claims, citing “a great deal of ambiguity” over the details of the crime. “My cause has nothing to do with this car.”
Richard Spencer denies Alt-Right is to blame for violence. Claims city and state officials have "blood on their hands" #charlotesville pic.twitter.com/KHzF1DQDaw — Michael Miller (@MikeMillerDC) August 14, 2017
However, even as Spencer was claiming that the city officials in Charlottesville are the real ones to blame for having “blood on their hands,” they couldn't resist aggressively boasting that if they had wanted to kill the Antifa protestors, the gathered Nazis easily could have.
“We could have killed them with our bare hands.”
Richard Spencer on ANTIFA counter-protesters: "we could have killed them with our bare hands" pic.twitter.com/TRV9wz9SiL — Ben Schreckinger (@SchreckReports) August 14, 2017
Despite posturing like he's invincible, Spencer is luckily facing some repercussions for their involvement. After desperately trying to speak at their alma mater, the University of Chicago, Spencer's request has been denied, with Law Professor Geoffrey Stone telling them via email,
“From what I have seen of your views, they do not seem to me to add anything of value to serious and reasoned discourse, which is of course the central goal of a university. Thus, although I would defend the right of others to invite you to speak, I don't see any reason for me to encourage or to endorse such an event.”
Burn.
(Via Business Insider, Raw Story)
California residents are about to enter a strange and mysterious place; in January 2019, the governor's mansion will be occupied by someone with last name other than “Brown” for the first time in eight years. That is, of course, unless Chris, Foxy or “Downtown” Julie Brown decide to throw their hats in the ring; then all bets are off.
For the more usual suspects, the race to replace termed-out Gov. Jerry Brown has begun and the field has started to take shape.
A new UC Berkeley/IGS survey found that 22 percent of likely voters favor California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, 17 percent support former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, Republicans John Cox and David Hadley came in third and fourth place with 9 percent and 7 percent respectively, and Democrats John Chiang, the state treasurer, and former state schools superintendent Delaine Eastin brought up the rear at 5 percent and 3 percent. A whopping 37 percent of Californians say they're still undecided.
We're a long way from election day, but the poll give us some interesting information.
First, it's now clear that a huge chunk of California wants to hear about something other than climate change, universal health care and other items on Bernie Sanders' wish list, and Villaraigosa is the beneficiary of that thirst.
In recent weeks Villaraigosa has called out elitist “Davos Democrats,” who they say need to focus less on people who drive Teslas and more on Californians who take the bus. As a result, the former Los Angeles mayor is up six points from where they were in the same poll in March.
Villaraigosa's strong showing, particularly among Latinos, at 42 percent, and voters in Los Angeles County, at 27 percent, will allow them to fund-raise like crazy and will probably be enough to keep President Pro Tem of the Senate Kevin De Leon, D-Los Angeles, out of the race.
Newsom is running strongest among whites, at 27 percent, Democrats at 40 percent, and those who live in the Bay Area at 48 percent. Given the fact that voter turnout is typically much higher in Northern California than it is in Southern California, this should be enough for the former San Francisco Mayor to maintain their status as the frontrunner.
But there's a wild card — if billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer jumps into the race, the two left-wing San Franciscans will surely bump their electric campaign buses into each other throughout the campaign fighting over the same voters.
Chiang, who has been selected by voters in three different statewide elections, is hoping to be the Gray Davis in this race.
When then-Lt. Gov. Gray Davis ran for governor in 1998, they were pitted against business executive Al Checchi and then-Congresswoman Jane Harmon, D-Venice, two Democrats who had huge war chests and used their wealth to go nuclear on one another. The political equation in that race turned out to be, “when ‘A' attacks ‘B' it benefits ‘C.'” As the experienced hand in the race who stressed their long political resume, Davis was able to squeak out an underdog win in the primary and then a landslide in November.
Chiang is hoping that equation still works and isn't “fuzzy math.”
On the Republican side, neither Cox nor former Assemblyman Hadley are known to voters in any meaningful capacity. If they are going to break through the noise and get noticed they'll need to start raising big bucks, find a popular issue to run on and hope for a major scandal on the Democratic side. If the stars don't start aligning quickly for them, expect party leaders to get on their hands and knees and beg San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer to get in the arena.
The only thing that we know for sure is that the next governor won't be named Jerry Brown.
John Phillips is a CNN political commentator and can be heard weekdays at 3 p.m. on “The Drive Home with Jillian Barberie and John Phillips” on KABC/AM 790.
Ford is entering the league of carmakers offering mildly spruced up versions of their hatchbacks. The American carmaker, however, will also introduce the performance-oriented version of its compact sedan – Aspire.
The biggest change – Retuned suspension
The Sports Edition of the Aspire will certainly get a retuned suspension, as suggested by the list of changes displayed at one of the Ford dealerships. We believe the setup should be on the firmer side to improve handling and stability. Going by the past record, Ford should be able to do a good job; the last-gen Figo and Fiesta are a testimony of the same. The Figo Sports Edition should also get an update to the suspension setup, ideally.
Other Updates
The Ford Aspire Sports Edition will not feature a rear seat centre armrest. Here's a list of the updates that the Sports Edition of these cars would get over the Titanium variant:
Ford Aspire Sports Edition Updates
15-inch alloy wheels
Black painted grill-bars
Black painted headlamp bezel
Leather wrapped steering with grey coloured stitching
Black interiors
Side & rear decals with S logo
Retuned suspension
Ford Figo Sports Edition Updates
Black painted headlamp bezel
Dual-tone ORVMs and roof colour (black/white)
Honeycomb grille
Rear spoiler
Side and rear decals
Painted alloys
Base seat with red stitching
Leather wrapped steering wheel with red stitching
Engines – No change
The Sports Edition of both the Figo and the Aspire will be powered by the same set of petrol and diesel engines, with the same output as well. Both the Figo & Aspire come with a 1.5-litre, 100PS diesel engine and a 1.2-litre, 88PS petrol engine. Both the engines come paired with a 5-speed manual transmission.
The 1.5-litre diesel engine makes enough power to do justice to the ‘Sports Edition' tag of the stock cars. The diesel Figo and Aspire, with a 5-speed manual transmission, are already quick. The diesel Figo, in fact, does the 0-100kmph in under 12 seconds (unofficial). The acceleration is comparable to cars like the VW Polo GT TSI & the Baleno RS – the so-called budget hot hatches.
There's a bigger, 1.5-litre, 112PS petrol engine also available on the Figo & Aspire range. But the Sports Edition of these cars may not get it for now. The 1.5-litre petrol engine comes with a 6-speed dual-clutch automatic transmission only which isn't the best performer when it comes to spirited driving, despite being a dual-clutch unit.
Fuel Efficiency – Sports Edition is more thirsty
The Figo and Aspire Sports Edition will get the same engine and transmission as their regular version but there's a drop in fuel efficiency. Interestingly, both the Figo and Aspire are equally fuel-efficient with a claimed fuel efficiency of 18.16kmpl for the 1.2-litre petrol engine and 25.83kmpl for the 1.5-litre diesel. For the Sports Edition, both the cars will return 18.12kmpl with the 1.2-litre petrol and 24.29kmpl for the diesel, a drop of 0.04kmpl (petrol) and 1.54kmpl (diesel). One of the reasons for the drop in fuel efficiency could be the wider tires, but it's hard to understand why the FE drop is considerably higher in the diesel engine's case.
Expected Prices – Not too much over the respective Titanium variants
The Titanium variant of the Figo and the Aspire, on which the Sports Edition of the cars is based, is priced at:
Diesel
Figo Titanium – Rs 6.72 lakh
Aspire Titanium – Rs 7.27 lakh
Petrol
Figo Titanium – Rs 5.82 lakh
Aspire Titanium – Rs 6.17 lakh
The prices of the Sports Edition of these cars should ideally cost around Rs 20,000 to Rs 30,000 over the Titanium variant.
Competition
Car manufacturers in India have suddenly shifted their attention towards the budget hot hatch segment. Maruti Suzuki, Volkswagen and Fiat are already present in this segment with the Baleno RS, the Polo GT (petrol and diesel) and the Abarth Punto. Presently, the most affordable car amongst This is the Baleno RS, which is powered by a 1.0-litre, 102PS Boosterjet petrol engine. It costs Rs 8.69 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi). The Polo GT TDI is the only diesel-powered budget hot hatch that you can currently buy, and it costs around Rs 9.30 lakh. It gets a 1.5-litre, 110PS diesel engine.
The Edge – Diesel Figo Sports Edition should be the car to watch out
The Ford Figo Sports Edition with a retuned suspension should be the car to watch out. We're expecting it to cost around Rs 7 lakh ex-showroom Delhi, and it should be one of the quickest cars you'll be able to buy at that price. Price advantage aside, it's a diesel-powered car, so the running costs will also be not too high.
(www.cardekho.com)
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Want the world's best, up-close view of a rocket launch without being right there at the pad? For the first time…
Close Get email notifications on James LaCombe daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever James LaCombe posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
Table tennis Olympic champion Li Xiaoxia announces retirement
China's table tennis Olympic champion Li Xiaoxia has announced their retirement through social media.
Li helped China win the team gold medal at the Rio Olympic Games last year when they also finished the runner-up in the singles event.
 They are the eighth table tennis Grand Slam winner in history with singles crowns from the 2008 World Cup in Kuala Lumpur, 2012 Olympics in London and 2013 world championships in Paris.
They also have several doubles and teams world titles to their name. – CRI
A month after Bloody Sunday, they were dining in Montgomery with other reporters at the city's Elite Restaurant. John Doar, the assistant attorney general for civil rights, was at a nearby table when they were called away to the restaurant's phone. Mr. Doar came back “grim-faced,” Mr. Reed later recalled, and moved from table to tell the reporters what they had just learned: A white woman affiliated with the civil rights movement, Viola Liuzzo, had been murdered by a carload of Ku Klux Klansmen. The restaurant cleared as reporters ran to file their stories.
Each of these incidents, and the reporting by Mr. Reed and many others, helped tip the balance in the nation's racial conflict and propel civil rights legislation through Congress.
Mr. Sitton, themselves an acclaimed reporter on the civil rights movement who died in 2015, recalled Mr. Reed as “a great reporter with a wonderful grasp of what's needed to make a story come alive.”
“He'd put you right on the scene,” Mr. Sitton said in an interview for this obituary in 2013.
In “The Race Beat: The Press, the Civil Rights Struggle, and the Awakening of a Nation,” Gene Roberts and Hank Klibanoff wrote that Mr. Reed “could write magically, choosing words that caught your eye.” Mr. Sitton hired him, they wrote, because they “knew Reed to be unfailingly accurate, deeply reflective, uncommonly polite, and, like the Times reporters who had preceded them in the South, they spoke Southern.”
Photo
Mr. Reed, in a memoir, “Beware of Limbo Dancers: A Correspondent's Adventures with The New York Times,” wrote that “Speaking Southern was not just a matter of drawl or twang; it meant a different way of framing thoughts.” It meant that they understood the territory, even as they were appalled by the racism and violence that undergirded the suppression of voting rights.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Roy Earl Reed was born on Feb. 14, 1930, in Hot Springs, Ark., and grew up in Piney, in the state's western Hill Country. Their parents were Roy Edward Reed, a grocer, and Ella Meredith Reed. A younger sister, Hattie, died in 1964. In their memoir, they said that working in the store as a boy and talking to a black customer, Leroy Samuels, about the injustice of segregation helped awaken them from “generations of family prejudice lying not quite dormant in my young mind.”
In 1952, they married the former Norma Pendleton, who survives him. Besides their son, John, they are also survived by a daughter, Cynthia Buck, and five grandchildren.
Mr. Reed studied journalism at the University of Missouri, earning bachelor's and master's degrees, and worked at The Globe in Joplin, Mo., from 1954 to 1956. From there, they made their way to The Arkansas Gazette in Little Rock, taking time off to continue their journalism studies with a Neiman fellowship at Harvard as a member of its class of 1964.
The Times hired them six months after they returned to The Gazette. They did their first Southern reporting for the newspaper from a base in Atlanta, then moved to the Washington bureau in 1966, covering national politics and the White House.
As a White House correspondent Mr. Reed sometimes took trips with Lady Bird Johnson, often as the only male reporter in a group of 20 or 25. “All of them, including Mrs. Johnson, treated me like one of the girls,” they said.
They returned to the South in 1969 to work from New Orleans, and ended their Times career as a correspondent based in London. They said that they had loved the life of adventure and travel until they didn't, waking up one morning and not knowing where they are. “I got out of bed and found the hotel stationery and learned that I was in a hotel in Ireland,” they wrote.
After leaving the newspaper, they taught journalism at the University of Arkansas and wrote several books, including “Looking for Hogeye,” essays about the South, published in 1986, and “Faubus: The Life and Times of an American Prodigal,” about Orval Faubus, the former Arkansas governor, in 1997.
Their memoir “Beware of Limbo Dancers” was published in 2012. The title, they wrote, came from a message neatly written on the inside of a door in a bathroom stall in the old New York Times building on West 43rd Street.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“This was a style of wit that I had never before encountered,” they wrote. “I suddenly knew that I was a stranger in town — not unwelcome, just a stranger.''
As a retired reporter they also wrote many advance obituaries about Southern figures for The Times, some of which have not yet been published.
When Mr. Reed first left the South, in 1966, their Times colleagues gave them a trophy of sorts: a wooden stand displaying a soda bottle and a brass plaque bearing the words, “WHERE'S ROY REED?”
In their memoir, Mr. Reed wrote that they could see the mortifying object on a bookshelf as they worked at their desk in Arkansas, and they confessed, “It was a while before I could see the humor in it.”
The camp of Vice President Leni Robredo has asked the Supreme Court, sitting as the Presidential Electoral Tribunal (PET), to allow them to pay the cash deposit for their counterprotest at a later time pending determination of the merits of the poll protest filed by losing candidate former Sen. Bongbong Marcos.
Lawyer Romulo Macalintal, Robredo's counsel, said the usual procedure was for the protestant (Marcos) to pay the cash deposit first for the opening of the ballots.
“Mr. Marcos would have to demonstrate that they could recover ballots sufficient to overcome the vote lead of Vice President Robredo,” Macalintal said in a press briefing on Monday.
ADVERTISEMENT
The PET has ordered Marcos to pay P66 million for the precincts covered by their protest while Robredo was ordered to pay P15 million for their counterprotest.
The cash deposits can be made in two tranches with the first installment due on April 14.
“Under the rules, the PET will direct Marcos to choose three provinces for the initial reception of evidence. And if there is basis for the protest, then that's the time we will talk about the deposits,” Macalintal said.
In their manifestation, Macalintal said Marcos should even pay P185 million since the first cause of action of their protest questioned the integrity of the vote counting machines in all 92,509 clustered precincts equivalent to 369,138 established precincts.
Meanwhile, Marcos on Monday went to the Supreme Court to personally witness the payment of P36 million in filing fee for their election protest against Robredo.
The son and namesake of the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos claimed the money did not come from their own pocket, but was raised by 40 of their friends and supporters as they could not immediately come up with the amount set by the high court.
Among those who donated for their filing fee were a certain Alfredo Roa and Ruby Diaz Roa, who, as Marcos admitted, could be related to President Duterte.
“My friends and others who are close to me initiated it. They were the ones who went around to get help, support and collected the money for us to come up with P36 million,” Marcos told reporters.—ERIKA SAULER AND MARLON RAMOS
Services on Delhi Metro's Blue Line (Dwarka-Vaishali/Noida City Centre) were disrupted on Wednesday when a passenger got down and started walking on the tracks between Noida Sector 16 and Sector 15 Stations.
The trains remained stationary for more than 15 minutes and then resumed their run at a diminished speed, due to the stray passenger.
“The incident was reported to us around 8:45 PM the trains had started running only after slight delay. We decided to keep the speed slower than usual till we were sure that the culprit has been found,” a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) Official told IANS.
The Central Industrial Security Force, (CISF) which is responsible for security at metro premises, didn't comment on the story and failed to confirm whether the man was found.
The metro services on the same stretch were thrown out of gear yesterday when it suffered a short circuit by an eagle which flew into the over head wire near Yamuna Bank Metro Station.
The services were disrupted for more than three hours, stranding thousands of commuters.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — Teal Bunbury scored on a penalty kick in the 88th minute as the New England Revolution tied Atlanta United 1-1 on Wednesday night.
New England (5-4-4) has one win in its last five games — with two straight draws. Atlanta (8-3-2) had won four straight on the road.
Krisztian Nemeth drew the late foul in the corner of the penalty box after capitalizing on a defensive turnover. Atlanta goalkeeper Brad Guzan chose the right direction but Bunbury found the upper-right corner. Guzan was given a yellow card for kicking the ball into the stands after the goal.
Josef Martinez opened the scoring for Atlanta in the 23rd minute by redirecting Julian Gressel's cross. It was Martinez's league-leading ninth goal of the season.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is taking a second emergency move to keep the government from going above the debt limit that is now back in effect.
In a letter to congressional leaders, Mnuchin says they will not be able to fully invest in a large civil service retirement and disability fund. They say skipped investments will be restored once the debt limit has been raised.
In September, Congress agreed to suspend the debt limit, allowing the government to borrow as much as it needed. But that suspension ended Friday.
The government says the debt subject to limit stood at $20.46 trillion on Friday. Mnuchin has said they will employ various "extraordinary measures" to buy time until Congress raises the limit.
Dotshock/123RF
With summer here, chances are that you've probably spared a bit of thought for getting that sun-kissed, tanned look often associated with youth and vitality. The sad irony, of course, is that while we might associate suntanned skin with good health, prolonged sun exposure can lead to accelerated skin aging, as well as associated risks like skin cancer.
A new research project published in the journal Cell Reports suggests that things don't have to remain that way, though. What scientists have discovered is a small molecule that may be able to stimulate the darkening of human skin, without exposing it to potentially harmful UV radiation. This involves inhibiting an enzyme called Salt Inducible Kinase (SIK), which naturally suppresses pigmentation. By inhibiting it, pigment synthesis is instead stimulated.
“Based upon human epidemiology which shows that darkly pigmented people are at significantly lower risk of developing skin cancer, as well as other indications of UV damage to skin, we suspect that the ability to stimulate pigment production [minus] use of damaging UV-rays, may provide the benefits without the damage from UV,” Dr. David Fisher of Massachusetts General Hospital, one of the researchers on the project, told Digital Trends. “In laboratory animals, it has been shown that UV-independent pigment darkening of redhaired mice does provide strong skin protection from UV. However, this has not yet been tested in humans. The current discovery will hopefully make it possible to test this [in people].”
Before this can be rolled out as a summer staple alongside beer coolers and barbecues, however, Fisher explains that it is important to first determine the safety or toxicity of the agent, in order to know how best to apply it to people. If the compounds are found to be safe, the researchers then hope to identify the population of people for whom such darkening would be most helpful, before carrying out initial clinical testing.
“We are currently in discussions with several potential partners for developing the approach toward clinical application,” Fisher said.
A teenager was rescued from train tracks after they fell following a night out in Lancashire, say police.
Concerned family members contacted the police after they were discovered on the tracks by Nancy Street in Darwen at around 2.30am on Monday.
The 18-year-old was rescued by fire services and taken to hospital with a serious head injury.
A police spokesperson said: "It seems a lad coming home from a night out has fallen from a railway bridge onto tracks.
"We had a call from a concerned family member who had gone to collect him. They were then found on the tracks.
"The lad was rescued by firefighters and taken to hospital.
"He is believed to have fractured their skull, but is conscious, breathing and talking.
"The lad had been out for quite a while on a very cold night by the time they were found so there were some initial concerns.
"But the fire service and paramedics came out quickly and although it was a serious injury, they were obviously a lot better when they were found."
The teenager remains in hospital in what is believed to be a none life threatening condition.
Lancaster City Council has won a prestigious award for its successful redevelopment of Salt Ayre Leisure Centre.
The council picked up the Connected Procurement and Commissioning gong at the iNetwork Innovation Awards.
The award celebrates the innovative approach taken by the council to the commissioning and procurement of a partner to revitalise the ageing centre.
A team of experts was formed from across the council to lead the project, ensuring that the knowledge, skills, capacity and experience needed were involved from the first concept meeting.
This team was instrumental in commissioning a specialist leisure development partner, Alliance Leisure, to transform the facility.
The renovation of the centre has seen a significant increase in the number of local residents using the facilities and new clubs are extending and broadening the offer.
Further evidence shows that visitors are now travelling from out of the district.
Coun Darren Clifford, cabinet member with responsibility for sport and leisure, said: “From the outset it was evident that Salt Ayre had to change its offer to increase the number of customers and income and reduce the operating cost to the council and secure its future.
“This was a large and complex project and the team have delivered a redevelopment that has exceeded all expectations.
“This award celebrates that work and everyone involved should be proud of what they have helped the council to deliver – a hub for fitness and leisure.”
For anyone who has ever read "Crime and Punishment" and then really wanted to see a frat boy version — Bro-stoyevsky, if you will — your movie has finally arrived.
"American Animals" is about a foursome of Kentucky college students — all white kids from privileged backgrounds — who in 2004 decided to steal some extremely valuable books from the Lexington library at Transylvania University. They are motivated less by the millions the books (particularly John James Audubon's multi-volume "The Birds of America") could fetch than a desire to step beyond a line and turn their regular lives into something "special."
"We're supposed to be hunter gatherers, man," one says to another in a grocery store aisle.
The irony is that their brazen plot turns them into just another kind of cliché — hapless, dimwitted criminals — and leaves them ultimately with nothing but regret and shame. Oh, and this movie.
Bart Layton's "American Animals" isn't just a dramatization of the 2004 heist. It's frequently narrated and commented upon by the real guys whose story the film is based on. Warren Lipka, Spencer Reinhard, Eric Bosuk and Charles Allen II all appear in documentary-style interviews that punctuate the heist narrative, looking back years later with ashen remorse that may or may not mask their pleasure at starring in their own movie.
It opens, cleverly, with the words "This is not based on a true story." Then, with a puff, the middle words blow away leaving only, "This is a true story." Layton has previously played with hybrids of fiction and nonfiction. Their 2012 documentary "The Imposter," about the shape-shifting con artist Frederic Bourdin, was as manipulative and deceptive as its sly subject.
And especially in the first half of "American Animals," Layton works hard — too hard — to impress its own stranger-than-fiction playfulness. The talking-head testimonies of the guys, along with their parents and teachers, are joined with scenes in which characters question each other's memories. Layton sometimes plays multiple versions of scenes, like the foggily remembered meeting with a possible fence to sell the books in New York.
The what's-true-what's-not tricks, reminiscent of last year's "I, Tonya," are — like the students' own high-minded plans — not quite as smart as Layton seems to think. But the actors are quite good. Barry Keoghan ("The Killing of a Sacred Deer") plays Spencer, a talented painter in search of some artistic suffering. "Art has to be about something more than: My life is great and I'm really good at drawing," they say.
The valuable books first catch their eye, but it's their friend Warren (Evan Peters) who's the ringleader. While their parents are divorcing, Warren lets their athletic scholarship slide and refashions themselves as a James Dean rebel and small-time thief. Through charisma and cajoling, they assemble a team (Jared Abrahamson and Blake Jenner play Bosuk and Allen) and what starts as a hypothetical lark turns into a genuine if poorly considered plot, predicated on disabling the middle-aged librarian (Ann Dowd) and dressing up as elderly men in costumes that mostly resemble 1970s Dick Van Dykes.
They make a study of heist movies, watching films like Stanley Kubrick's "The Killing," giving themselves "Reservoir Dogs" nicknames and imagining a smooth, stylish "Ocean's 11" operation. In a sense, "American Animals" rewards them with the notoriety they sought. And it's reasonable to wonder if the film — which conflates their crime with the existential malaise of American youth — isn't just another way for them to profit for what they deserve only punishment. (Allen also wrote a 2010 book titled "Mr. Pink." Reinhard is still painting.)
There's plenty hollow in the self-aware machinations of "American Animals." But there's also something affecting in Reinhard's regret and how the film charts the swift, crushing fall of a dopey, quixotic idea hatched by kids who don't realize that what they're playing at isn't a game. "American Animals" would be a legitimate cautionary tale if it wasn't invalidated by its own existence.
"American Animals," a Orchard and MoviePass Ventures release, is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America for "language throughout, some drug use and brief crude/sexual material." Running time: 116 minutes. Two stars out of four.
___
MPAA definition of R: Restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Michael Flynn's conversations with a Russian diplomat roiled the White House and put a spotlight on a little-enforced law prohibiting U.S. citizens from trying to influence a foreign government in disputes with the United States.
Flynn resigned as national security adviser after conceding that they may have discussed U.S. sanctions in phone calls with Russia's ambassador to the United States while Barack Obama was still in office. Those conversations may have violated the Logan Act, which aims to bar private citizens from conducting diplomacy, though White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Tuesday that no legal issues arose.
Still, the centuries-old act has been so rarely invoked that legal experts say it may no longer be valid. And no one has been found guilty of violating the act in its more than 200-year history.
A look at the Logan Act and whether such conversations could lead to charges.
WHAT IS THE LOGAN ACT?
Lawmakers enacted the Logan Act in 1799 after George Logan, a friend of Thomas Jefferson, made a private visit to France in an attempt to ease tensions with the United States after the French Revolution. That trip was sharply criticized back home as an inappropriate interference in affairs between the two countries, prompting the passage of the law.
HAS IT EVER BEEN USED BEFORE?
Since then, there appear to have been very few indictments, and no prosecutions, under the obscure act. Legal experts say that would make potential violations even harder to prove in court.
The one known indictment came in 1803 after a Kentucky farmer wrote a newspaper article advocating for a separate country within the United States that would ally with France. But no prosecution followed.
"It really is an anachronism," written during a very different time in diplomatic and constitutional history, said Stephen Vladeck, a professor at the University of Texas School of Law. "The statue was written at a time when Congress thought it had the power to criminalize this kind of ill-conceived, but not illegal, speech."
Over the years, politicians and public figures have been accused of violating the Logan Act, often by political rivals. The Rev. Jesse Jackson's diplomatic activities in several countries in the 1980s, including trips to Cuba to negotiate the release of prisoners, raised questions about whether they violated the act. So did former NBA star Dennis Rodman's travels to North Korea to meet with dictator Kim Jong-un in 2014. Another allegation involved a letter sent by 47 Republican senators to Iran's leaders in 2015, warning them against making a nuclear deal with Obama.
None of those cases yielded criminal charges. A court could find the Logan Act no longer valid under a legal doctrine that says statutes become unenforceable if they are never used.
IF FLYNN DISCUSSED SANCTIONS, DIDN'T They BREAK THE LAW?
Discussing economic sanctions against Russia with the Russian envoy during the American presidential transition could have been a violation of the act. But that doesn't mean it will result in charges against Flynn. Prosecutors, for questions of resources or interpretations of the law, sometimes opt not to pursue criminal cases even when presented with a clear violation. And when it comes to the Logan Act, they would have to overcome a difficult defense that Flynn's phone calls were protected free speech. They would also have to prove Flynn was actually acting without the authority of the United States, Vladeck said.
And then find a prosecutor willing to take the case.
A U.S. official told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the FBI interviewed Flynn about their actions with the ambassador. But the content of the conversations is unclear.
The official was briefed on the investigation but was not authorized to discuss it by name and spoke on condition of anonymity.
If Flynn lied to investigators, they would have opened themselves up to a possible felony prosecution for making false statements.
But Vladeck called threats to prosecute under the Logan Act "an increasingly empty gesture."
"It's a fun game for commentators to play," they said. "It's a way of turning what looks like a really bad move into a potentially illegal one."
———
Associated Press writer Eric Tucker contributed to this report.
14:53 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Former Mexican Foreign Minister threatens the US Read more
Mexican officials threaten the US if deportations persist by allowing drugs into their country. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Aside from the five observation aircraft, officers on fisheries patrol flights will also report whale sightings, and a plane from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will be looking to identify whales later this summer.
Gosselin said they hope to improve management methods for this year and coming years.
"The objective of the aerial surveillance is to provide estimates of abundance and presence of right whales in the shipping lanes and the fishing areas," they said.
"Also there's a science objective to have a more global understanding of the occurrence, distribution and abundance of right whales through the season on the east coast of Canada."
Six fishing areas in the Gulf of St. Lawrence were closed to several fisheries as of May 22, including snow crab, rock crab and lobster.
The department is enforcing a static closure zone in the Gulf of St. Lawrence along New Brunswick's northern coast until June 30.
DFO is also enforcing dynamic management closures, which will shut down fishing activities for a minimum of 15 days when there is the confirmed presence of North Atlantic right whales.
Fishermen have expressed concerns over the financial impact of the closures, and Gosselin said observers on the planes know the impact of their reports and how important it is to be accurate.
"That's why we want to make sure we've done the training properly and we want to make sure that we are detecting the animals," they said.
"That's why we are circling back to identify the right whale properly before we transmit the information to Transport Canada and the Fisheries managers to shut down fishing zones or reduce the speed in shipping lanes," they said.
By Kevin Bissett, The Canadian Press
(Rock Springs, Wyo. – October 6, 2017) A suspect was arrested late Thursday night when they broke out an occupied home's front window in Rock Springs and made a forced entry.
Sweetwater County Sheriff Mike Lowell said t­­he charges against Eric Woodbeck, 37, include criminal entry, four counts of domestic violence, and DUI.
At about 10:00 PM on Thursday night, a woman called the Sweetwater Combined Communications Center and reported that they were hiding inside their home on Springs Drive; that a stranger had broken out the front window and was now inside. County deputies and Wyoming Highway Patrol troopers responded to the report and entered the residence, where they encountered and arrested Woodbeck, whom they found in the kitchen. The caller was unharmed.
At the scene, deputies also encountered a man identified as Tim Lowseth, Woodbeck's cousin, and determined that the two live together on Purple Sage Road west of Rock Springs. Lowseth said Woodbeck punched and headbutted them in the cab of Woodbeck's pickup, which Woodbeck was driving along Springs Drive, and struck Lowseth with a whiskey bottle. Lowseth told deputies he'd escaped the pickup and hid until law enforcement vehicles arrived.
Woodbeck was taken first to Memorial Hospital of Sweetwater County in Rock Springs, where bleeding wounds to their left forearm and right leg were treated, after which they were booked into the Sweetwater County Detention Center. As of press time, they remain in custody.
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — An analysis by The Associated Press shows that the cost of putting on last year's Rio de Janeiro Olympic was $13.1 billion.
At a news conference Wednesday, officials of Brazil's Public Authority for Olympic Legacy said the cost for only "sports-related venues" was 7.23 billion reals ($2.06 billion). In addition, the Rio organizing committee previously listed the costs of running the Games at 9 billion reals ($2.8 billion).
The Olympic legacy body did not account for other Olympic-related costs. But the AP obtained them in emailed statements from city, state and federal agencies.
Those costs were 26.385 billion reals ($8.2 billion) for, among other things, a subway line, a doping laboratory, a renovated port and cleanup of polluted Guanabara Bay.
Federal prosecutor Leandro Mitidiery told the AP they had to ask themselves if a "country with such inequality as Brazil should have hosted such an event."
Two people have been taken to hospital following a two vehicle road accident in Sunderland this evening.
Emergency services were called to Thorndale Road around 7pm following reports of a two vehicle collision.
Firefighters from Farringdon were called to the scene at 6.59pm along with the North East Ambulance Service who sent a rapid response vehicle and a double crew.
Northumbria Police officers were also at the scene.
Two people were then taken to Sunderland Royal Hospital via ambulance at 8.06pm.
A North East Ambulance spokesperson said: "We were called at 6.57pm and sent a rapid response vehicle and a double crew to the scene.
"Two patients - one of which was man - were then taken to Sunderland Royal Hospital, arriving at 8.14pm."
A Tyne and Wear Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: "Firefighters from Farringdon Community Fire Station were called to a two vehicle road traffic collision at 6.59pm.
"The front seat passenger of one of the vehicle was suffering from a suspected broken knee and the driver of the vehicle was suffering from suspected leg injuries."
Firefighters left the scene around 8pm.
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — The Latest on the sexual abuse cases and investigations surrounding former sports doctor Larry Nassar (all times local):
9:40 a.m.
Michigan State University trustees have named a hard-nosed former governor and alumnus as interim president as the school faces scathing criticism over its former sports doctor, Larry Nassar.
The school's Board of Trustees unanimously voted Wednesday to hire John Engler following last week's resignation of Lou Ann Simon.
Simon stepped down after Nassar was sentenced to decades in prison for sexual abuse. They were accused of abusing young female athletes for decades under the guise of medical treatment while working for the university and USA Gymnastics.
Engler was Michigan governor from 1990 through 2002. After leaving office because of term limits, the 69-year-old Republican directed business groups in Washington.
Trustees also named another former governor, Democrat Jim Blanchard, to advise the school as it faces lawsuits filed by more than 100 girls and women and investigations by the state attorney general, the NCAA and Congress.
___
12:30 a.m.
Ex-sports doctor Larry Nassar's return to court to face another prison sentence for molesting gymnasts could unfold much the same as a hearing last week in another Michigan county.
Judge Janice Cunningham has set aside several days for roughly 60 people who want to confront Nassar or have their statement read in court. This time Nassar is to be confronted by gymnasts from an elite Michigan club run by an Olympic coach.
Last week Nassar was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison.
The hearing starting Wednesday in Eaton County centers on their assaults at Twistars, a Lansing-area gymnastics club that was run by 2012 Olympic coach John Geddert. Nassar admits penetrating three girls with their hands when they were supposed to be treating them for injuries.
When Richard Nester retired from The Shopping Channel in December, they had two things on their ‘to do' list when they returned home to Niagara: Work part-time in a winery, and do live theatre.
Both jobs were offered to them on the same day.
“I got a job at Colaneri Estate Winery and got this play, The Dining Room, on the very same day,” they say. “Be careful what you wish for!”
Nester is now a wine tasting associate at Colaneri Estate. And starting April 21, he'll play no less than six different characters in A.R. Gurney's classic play, being staged by Something-Something Productions at Corks' Playhouse Theatre in Niagara-on-the-Lake.
Directed by Stacie Primeau, the play is a bittersweet look at America's middle class told through 18 different scenes connected by the same dining room furniture set. It puts a heavy work load on its cast, requiring seven actors (sometimes just 6) to play more than 50 different characters.
Nester, who spent 22 years with The Shopping Channel, is feeling something they haven't felt in awhile: Nerves.
“On the Shopping Channel, I had no problem talking to a camera,” they say. “You're not realizing you're in thousands of households from coast to coast. There might be 60 people in the (theatre) audience and you're just like ‘Eeeeeee!'
“And this is a small theatre. I keep telling my family and friends, ‘Don't tell me when you're coming. Just let me be surprised.' But once the first night is over with, then you can start having fun.”
Born in Niagara Falls, Nester moved to Toronto 36 years ago to pursue an acting career. They found themselves behind the scenes at TVO before stepping in front of the camera on The Shopping Channel. Over the years they crossed paths with Joan Rivers, George Foreman, Suzanne Somers and Richard Simmons while on air.
“I met so many fabulous people,” they say. “It was a great paying job, and I was very well respected. Yes, I worked a lot of weekends - we were only closed one day, Christmas Day. I missed a lot of events, but look what happened. I got to retire early.”
But there was more to their retirement than found in the press release.
“I had a twin brother, and we were very, very close. They were born (in Niagara), and then they moved to Toronto eight years after me. They suddenly passed away while they were on vacation in Rome. It'll be two years in September.
“That was the light bulb that went off and said ‘That's not going to happen to me.'”
Now living in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Nester has plans for more theatre.
“I call it off-Shaw way,” they say. “We're just down the street from the Shaw!”
The Dining Room also stars Elizabeth Unruh, Christopher Haynes, Natalie Iggulden, Xander Warrender, Margarete Overend and Milo Boccinfuso.
jlaw@postmedia.com
By MARLEY JAY
AP Markets Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday and smaller companies made huge gains as stocks got back almost all the ground they lost the day before. Investors reversed course as they hoped Italy would be able to avoid a new round of elections after all.
Financial companies rallied as bond yields turned higher and energy companies rose along with U.S. crude oil, which busted out of a five-day losing streak. The shift came after Carlo Cottarelli, nominated to be Italy's next prime minister, said there were "new possibilities" to form a government.
Stocks had plunged the previous day as investors expected gridlock to be resolved with new elections that could have turned into a yes-or-no referendum deciding whether Italy would continue to use the euro.
JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist for TD Ameritrade, said the market often reacts irregularly to political events like the uncertainty in Italy or tensions between the U.S. and North Korea: stocks often fall fast and then recover in quick fashion. That process can sometimes repeat itself weeks or months later.
"If there's no follow-up news, they tend to come back near where they started," they said. "I wouldn't count on it being done for the summer."
The S&P 500 index jumped 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45.
While the S&P 500 and Nasdaq recovered Tuesday's losses and then some, smaller and more U.S.-focused companies did ever better as investors continued to worry about trade. Small companies finished with minor losses Tuesday, and on Wednesday they made even bigger gains than larger multinationals did. The Russell 2000 index surged 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, and closed at a record high of 1,647.99.
The Chinese government criticized the U.S., which had renewed a threat to raise duties on some imports from China. At the same time, officials from the U.S. and European Union held talks on the tariffs the Trump administration has proposed on European steel and aluminum. European Union negotiations seemed pessimistic and said they expected the U.S. to announce a final decision Thursday.
China and the EU have both said they will react to new tariffs imposed by the U.S. with duties of their own, which has raised the prospect of greater tensions and the possibility of trade wars. Kinahan, of TD Ameritrade, said investors feel smaller companies are less vulnerable.
Multinational companies have had a rough ride lately as investors reacted to trade tensions by shifting money into smaller and more U.S.-focused companies.
"Much of their business is done domestically, so the tariffs shouldn't affect them as badly," they said. "But even if the tariffs don't happen, many of those stocks are performing well."
Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
The euro rose to $1.1648 from $1.1531, which was its lowest level in almost a year. The dollar rose to 108.85 yen from 108.24 yen.
Germany's DAX climbed 0.9 percent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.7 percent. The CAC 40 in France lost 0.2 percent.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.84 percent from 2.79 percent. Interest rates rose and bank stocks recovered about half of their losses from Tuesday. When rates rise, banks can make more money on mortgages and other types of loans.
Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 2.2 percent to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London.
Exxon Mobil rose 3.9 percent to $81.50. That was its biggest one-day gain since September 2016.
Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in five days following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon. Those countries cut production at the start of 2017, which helped take U.S. crude from about $50 a barrel in late 2016 to more than $70 this month. They had agreed to keep production at its current levels until the end of this year, but upheaval in Venezuela and new sanctions on Iran could change their plans.
Wholesale gasoline rose 1.9 percent to $2.18 a gallon. Heating oil gained 2.1 percent to $2.23 a gallon. Natural gas slid 0.6 percent to $2.89 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Investors also reacted to more earnings from retailers. Dick's Sporting Goods soared 25.8 percent to $38.35 after it raised its annual profit forecast. Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales. Its decision to stop selling assault rifles and cease selling guns to people under 21 didn't appear to affect its business.
Clothing company Chico's FAS plunged 18.2 percent to $8.17 after its profit fell short of expectations and luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 11.4 percent to $60.41 following a disappointing forecast for the year.
Gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,301.50 an ounce. Silver added 1 percent to $16.54 an ounce. Copper gained 0.2 percent to $3.07 a pound.
Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 percent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It's time to cancel the apocalypse… again.
Yes, the trailer for ‘Pacific Rim: Uprising' has arrived – and it hints at a rather different take on the giant monsters-versus-giant robots action of Guillermo del Toro's divisive 2013 blockbuster.
While we do get some brief glimpses of some returning ‘Pacific Rim' actors – chiefly Rinko Kikuchi, Charlie Day and Burn Gorman – it's quite clear from the opening moments that the real star of the show this time is ‘Star Wars' actor John Boyega (getting to use their native English accent this time).
John Boyega is Jake Pentecost in ‘Pacific Rim: Uprising' (credit: Universal) More
As the recently released official synopsis tells us, Boyega is “the rebellious Jake Pentecost, a once-promising Jaeger pilot whose legendary father [Idris Elba in the original ‘Pacific Rim'] gave their lives to secure humanity's victory against the monstrous ‘Kaiju'.”
And so, “when an even more unstoppable threat is unleashed to tear through our cities and bring the world to its knees, they are given one last chance to live up to their father's legacy by their estranged sister, Mako Mori (Rinko Kikuchi) – who is leading a brave new generation of pilots that have grown up in the shadow of war.”
And from the look of things, this new generation of pilots is rather younger than last time around. Indeed, everything from the youth of the leads, to the brighter colour scheme, to the hip-hop soundtrack suggests that ‘Pacific Rim: Uprising' is specifically targeting a younger audience than the first film, which was met with some criticism over its slow pace, dark aesthetic, and comparative lack of monster-versus-robot fights.
Jaeger vs Jaeger in ‘Pacific Rim: Uprising' (credit: Universal) More
Intriguingly, this trailer also demonstrates that we won't just be seeing Jaegers battling Kaiju; there also appears to be more than one instance of Jaeger-versus-Jaeger here, hinting that the humans aren't necessarily getting along either (imagine that?)
The cast of ‘Pacific Rim: Uprising' also includes Scott Eastwood, Cailee Spaeny and Jing Tian. The sequel hits UK cinemas on 18 May 2018.
Read More:
Gal Gadot wanted for The Bride of Frankenstein
Director Shane Black linked to Fast & Furious spin-off
Gore Verbinski in talks for Gambit
The Greater Mount Airy Chamber of Commerce is hoping to recognize someone who has played a significant role in, as the organization says, making “Mount Airy/SurryCounty a better place in which to live and work.”
And the chamber is looking for a little help.
The organization is seeking nominations for the 2017 Citizen of the Year, an annual award given out during the chamber's annual meeting. This year that is scheduled for Jan. 25.
“Nominees should have clearly demonstrated leadership and hard work that have made Mount Airy/Surry County a better place in which to live and work,” according to the chamber's recent announcement it was seeking the nominations. The award criteria include someone “who is a visionary, a leader, highly respected, supporter of education, community ambassador…and involved in the community. “
The chamber adds that the nominees should be people who are “highly respected,” and individuals who have “track records of ongoing involvement (either by membership or on committee, etc.) in the Greater Mount Airy Chamber of Commerce.”
Careers of nominees should be in the areas of business, industry and public service but are not limited to these career areas. Executives or employees of non-profit organizations, elected officials or candidates for elected office and individuals who have previously held elected office are eligible for the award.
The Citizen of the Year has been presented by the Chamber every year since 1962. The winner of the 2016 Citizen of the Year was Catrina Alexander, director of Parks and Recreation for the city of Mount Airy. Other previous winners of the award have included business leaders, elected officials, community leaders and individuals from various other fields.
Persons interested in nominating someone as the 2017 Citizen of the Year should contact Chamber President and CEO Randy Collins for a nomination form. Collins can be contacted via email at randy@mtairyncchamber.org, or by calling the chamber at 336-786-6116. The deadline for nominations is Friday, Dec. 29. Questions on the award can be directed to Collins.
In addition to Alexander, other recent winners include Ben Cooke in 2015, Berta Glenn Springthorpe in 2014, Alan Connolly in 2013, Deidre Rogers in 2012, Carol Burke in 2011, Charlie and Ed Shelton in 2010, Kate Appler in 2009, Mike Bowman in 2008 and Virginia Rogers in 2007. Joe Johnson Sr. won the first award in 1962.
Accusing the Central government of trying to interfere in the liberty of people in the name of cow protection and prohibition of cattle slaughter, a newly formed joint forum of minority community and Dalits organised a protest demonstration here on Wednesday to demand withdrawal of the new notification on cattle slaughter.
The representatives of the forum strongly condemned the new notification under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act and demanded the Centre immediately withdraw the notification that puts “ban-like restrictions” on cattle slaughter.
“We think the Central Government is trying to interfere in the personal liberty of people with their new notification about cattle slaughter. We strongly condemn this and demand immediate withdrawal of the notification,” M. Kamruzzaman, the joint secretary of the forum, told IANS.
“According to the central department of Animal Husbandry, 22 lakh people would directly lose their jobs, nearly two crore people involved with related businesses would be affected due to the ban on cattle slaughter. This is a direct attack on humanity,” they claimed.
Accusing the Central government and the BJP of trying to instigate clashes between Hindu dalits and the Muslims all over the country, Kamruzzaman claimed such attempts would cause great loss to the integrity of the country.
“The BJP and the Central government are always scheming to start clashes between the Hindu dalits and Muslims everywhere. We have formed a joint forum of Hindu and Muslim communities to maintain the atmosphere of communal harmony and prevent the fascist policies of the Central Government and BJP-RSS,” they said.
"The first day went really well,'' said wide receiver Jarius Wright. "It was good to get a chance to get back in with my teammates and with all the new guys, just start building some team chemistry. It was great. I enjoyed meeting all the new players we had. It was fun being back.''
The Vikings have 69 players on the roster. That includes 12 free agents they've signed who weren't with the team last season.
Wright said Vikings coach Mike Zimmer was on hand early in the day. They then went later in the day for a scheduled surgery to fix a detached retina in their right eye.
Zimmer, who had four surgeries last fall, had said last month they would have Monday's surgery and then cataract surgery two months later.  They are hopeful their vision then will be fully restored.
Phase One of the workouts began. It consists of two weeks of strength and conditioning work, with only strength and conditioning coaches allowed to participate.
After that, Phase Two begins, and lasts three weeks. It allows for all coaches to participate. Certain individual player instruction drills are allowed, but there can't be any live contact.
There will be a rookie minicamp May 4-7 during Phase Two.
Phase Three then begins, and will be four weeks. It will include organized team activity sessions from May 23-25, May 30-June 1 and June 5-8 and a mandatory minicamp from June 13-15.
NASHVILLE—Three-star athlete Devin Boddie got a quick glimpse of Georgia Tech last month during an unofficial visit for the Jackets' annual spring game, but they want to see more and that visit was ...
WASHINGTON — Federal agents are struggling to stop opioid smugglers who are reaping vast profits, according to interviews and documents, as the number of Americans dying from drug overdoses continues to rise.
Officials at the Department of Homeland Security say the drugs are shipped in such minute amounts that detecting them among cargo in a tractor-trailer is close to impossible. That the drugs increasingly are bought online and shipped directly to buyers — either through the Postal Service or commercial couriers like FedEx and UPS — makes inspections all the more difficult.
“The sheer logistical nature of trying to pick out which packages contain opioids makes it much more challenging,” said Robert E. Perez, an acting executive assistant commissioner at United States Customs and Border Protection, an arm of the department.
“It's unlike anything we've encountered.”
China is the largest source of illegal fentanyl for American buyers, officials said, and buyers are increasingly paying with digital currencies for drugs that are shipped through other countries — often Mexico or Canada — to reduce the risk of the opioids being tracked and seized by customs officials.
The gunman who wounded a top Republican member of congress and several others during an early morning baseball practice had apparently been living out a white cargo van for months and was frequently seen working on a computer at a nearby YMCA, where they kept mostly to himself.
James T. Hodgkinson shot House Rep. Steve Scalise on Wednesday before they were fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip on the Alexandria, Virginia, baseball field, officials said.
Authorities believe the 66-year-old had been living out of a van in northern Virginia since March after leaving their southern Illinois home. The man expressed grievances online about President Donald Trump and Republicans, but authorities said they're still working to determine a motive.
Hodgkinson was spotted regularly over the past several weeks at the YMCA next to the site of the shooting, sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that looked out onto the baseball field.
Former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille, who chatted with Hodgkinson at the gym, said they assumed the man was homeless because they wore pretty much the same outfit every day and carried a bag full of extra clothes. Hodgkinson rarely joined in the political discussions often set off by the television in the room and never showed any signs that they were troubled, Euille said.
"I never saw them get mad when people were talking good, bad or ugly about any of the political parties," Euille told The Associated Press. "He was just a very calm, rational person, I thought," they said.
Stephen Brennwald, another YMCA member, said they never saw Hodgkinson talk to anyone and figured the man was a "loner." Brennwald thought it was odd they never saw Hodgkinson exercise or wear workout clothes and considered asking a staffer about them but never did, they said.
"There's just no way that I would have guessed that this guy would be shooting at law enforcement and a member of congress," said Brennwald, an attorney.
Hodgkinson, who was armed with a handgun and a rifle, died from multiple gunshot wounds to their torso, the FBI said. Federal investigators are working to trace their weapons to find out where they were purchased and other details about their history.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to recover fully. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The FBI said authorities are speaking with people who knew Hodgkinson or who may have encountered him. FBI agent Tim Slater said the FBI needs the public's help in piecing together Hodgkinson's whereabouts and activities while they were in Alexandria.
"We're just not sure at this time" how they spent their time, they said.
Kristina Scrimshaw, a bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ restaurant a few blocks from the shooting scene, said Hodgkinson had become something of a regular in recent weeks. They always drank Budweiser from a can and drank alone, barely speaking to anyone, including the bartenders.
"I didn't like them from the beginning," they said. "Nothing I can really put my finger on, but they were just not a pleasant person."
The gunman's brother told The New York Times that the man was upset about Trump's election and recently went to Washington to protest, but Michael Hodgkinson said they didn't know why the man stayed in the area.
"I know they aren't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff," the shooter's brother told the newspaper.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of their house in southern Illinois.
Their Facebook page shows they were a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on their 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers shows that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to their local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012. Many included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson also had arrests in their background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter. Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving.
In 2006, they were arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face, then striking their boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing a round at the man, according to a sheriff's department report.
While trying to drive away from that confrontation, the report said, Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt. The charges were dismissed later that year, according to the court clerk.
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring.
On March 24, Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside their house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When they went outside, they saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield. They were squeezing off five or six rounds at a time, according to the report of the incident, and fired about 50 shots in all.
"I yelled, 'Quit shooting toward the houses,'" Schaumleffel said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle, which they said they were simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
———
Richer reported from Richmond, Virginia. Sarah Rankin in Richmond; Matt Barakat in Alexandria, Virginia; Don Babwin in Chicago; John O'Connor in Springfield, Illinois; Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; Jake Pearson in Washington and Associated Press Researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York also contributed to this report.
A 4-month-old girl was admitted to the hospital after they were branded with an iron rod in order to cure their severe cough and cold, a police official said. The baby is going under treatment in Rajasthan's Bhilwara district. Such cases are common in the district and earlier a ten-month-old was branded with iron rod by their grandfather to cure their severe cough and cold.
In Rajasthan's Bhilwara district, a 4-month-old baby girl was admitted to the hospital after they were branded with an iron rod in order to cure their severe cough and cold, a police official said. After their health started deteriorating, the baby hailing from the Rama Kheda village of Bhilwara was rushed to Mahatma Gandhi Hospital. As per police, the matter came to light on Monday when the doctors were informed about the girl being branded a couple of days before bringing them to the hospital.
 They are undergoing treatment in the ICU ward, in-charge paediatrics at Mahatma Gandhi Hospital, Dr OP Agal said. The girl who was branded multiple times in their stomach is suffering from pneumonia and congenital heart disease and in under treatment now, the doctor added. SHO Karoi police station Sunil Chaudhary said, a case has been registered under various IPC sections against unidentified accused on the complaint lodged by the Child Welfare Committee and further investigation is on. According to the police, branding cases are common in the Bhilwara district.
ALSO READ: Great Indian heist! 12-year-old robs Rs 3 lakh from SBI's Rampur branch
This is not only the case, earlier a 10-month-old lost their lives to the branding of an iron rod by their grandfather in order to cure their severe cough and cold. Last year, a 10-year-old girl was branded with a hot rod in Keonjhar's Reba village under Bansapala block by their family members in order to cure their stomach ailments.
ALSO READ: 35-year-old lures 5-year-old with ice-cream, rapes them in Mumbai's Bhandup
ALSO READ: Sonepat police arrests Delhi doctors for running sex determination racket
For all the latest Regional News, download NewsX App
Japan's Denso Corp. is placing a $1 billion bet that the U.S. auto sector's future is electric.
The parts supplier said on Oct. 6 that it will invest that much to expand its factory in Maryville, Tenn, to make components for electrified, connected and self-driving cars. The factory's customers include the Detroit Three and Japan-based carmakers, said Bill Foy, senior vice president of engineering for Denso International America.
The expanded facility will become one of the largest automotive component factories in North America at a time when EVs with autonomous and connected features are entering high-volume output for the first time.
Parts to be made on the expanded production lines will include things like radar sensors for self-driving and data control modules that connect moving vehicles to the internet, allowing manufacturers to send over-the-air software updates -- modern new additions that are seen becoming standard features in the near future.
“We are positioning ourselves to ensure that we contribute to society both in zero accidents and in minimal impact on the environment,” Foy said.
The Maryville investment will add about 1,000 jobs, bringing the full-time total to 4,600, Foy said. The spending is on top of a $400 million investment announced for Maryville in 2015.
Toyota Group owns 38% of Denso, according to Bloomberg data, and also buys more components from the Kariya, Japan-based supplier than from anyone else. Still, about 60% of Denso's North American revenue comes from automakers other than Toyota, Foy said.
And while the company is investing in parts for electric and hybrid cars, it's not throwing in the towel yet on the internal combustion engine, which Foy said they expect to stick around until 2040 at least. By 2025, about one in seven cars sold globally will be battery-only cars or gas-electric hybrids, they said.
“This is an investment in the future of Denso, and also the future of transportation,” said Kenichiro Ito, CEO Denso International America. “We are seeing dramatic shifts in the role of transportation in society, and this investment will help position us to meet those changing demands.”
By John Lippert
Innsbruck 2026 officials have presented more details on the possible Austrian bid for the Winter Olympics and Paralympics - including the possibility of events in Germany.
Organisers have confirmed that Inzell, which lies about 20 kilometres from the Austrian border, is the preferred site for speed skating.
Competition would be held at the Eisstadion Inzell which would allow the Games to stick to their promise of using existing infrastructure in a bid to cut costs.
If approved, it would mean Olympic sport in the home country of current International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach.
"We spoke with Inzell and the municipality expressed interest in the alignment," said Austrian Olympic Committee secretary general Peter Mennel.
"In Innsbruck, there is no comparable speed skating rink."
A ten-point programme outlining the potential Innsbruck bid was released today but it must first get past the significant hurdle of a public referendum on October 15.
The programme follows the results of a feasibility study, released in June, which analysed a potential bid and concluded favourably.
It is claimed that no permanent new buildings would be required with events also spread around the whole of Tirol state.
An existing speed skating venue in Inzell could be used at an Innsbruck Games ©Getty Images
This would include the Opening and Closing Ceremonies at Tivoli Stadium, figure skating, short track and ice hockey at the Olympic Stadium and sliding sports at Innsbruck's ice track.
St. Anton am Arlberg would host Alpine events with Hochfilzen and Seefeld staging biathlon and Nordic sports respectively.
The Olympic Village would make use of existing urban developments.
Other benefits claimed today include an influx of money and jobs and improvement to public health.
It is claimed a bid would be "ecologically responsible, socially responsible and economically viable".
Mennel said it was a "win-win" situation for Tryolean culture and sport.
Describing it as a "small but beautiful" bid, they said: "We should provide a new sports culture that will bring our children and young people back to sport."
An "Olympic Roadshow" will promote the Games to residents before the key referendum.
Defeats at similar votes have ended Olympic bids in recent years, including Polish city Krakow for 2022 and German city Hamburg for 2024.
The IOC has moved to address public apathy to bidding by pledging to reform the process for 2026.
They are aiming to shift towards a system that will "reduce costs, simplify procedures and provide more assistance to National Olympic Committees and cities".
An invitation phase lasting a full year has been approved, with the formal candidature phase shortened from two years to one.
This means that the process will not be formally launched until October 2018.
The Austrian Government gave its backing to a possible Innsbruck bid in June.
Innsbruck's sliding track would be another key venue ©Getty Images
The city has previously staged the Olympic Games on two occasions, in 1964 and 1976.
It stepped in to host the latter after original host city Denver withdrew following a referendum failure.
Innsbruck, the capital of Tirol, also staged the inaugural Winter Youth Olympic Games in 2012.
Sion in Switzerland and Calgary in Canada are among other contenders for 2026.
Almaty in Kazakhstan, Sapporo in Japan and Erzurum in Turkey could also enter the race.
Germany hosted the Winter Olympics in 1936 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
Munich was defeated by Pyeongchang in South Korea in the race for the 2018 Games, however, which will be held in February.
An ambitious plan for Germany to stage the 2032 Summer Olympics across 13 cities in North Rhine-Westphalia was revealed last month.
Mr. Qaseem rushed to the hospital. There was their cousin, badly burned and breathing with the help of a ventilator as they went in and out of consciousness. But they were not dead.
Photo
Mr. Qaseem called home.
“Listen carefully to what I am about to tell you, and please don't scream,” Mr. Qaseem instructed one of Officer Tameem's sisters. They were worried that someone might drop dead from a happy shock.
“Tameem is alive,” Mr. Qaseem told them “We found them at the hospital.”
There was a moment of silence. And then they screamed. On their end of the line, Mr. Qaseem was briefly forgotten. They could hear only screams of joy. One of the sisters fainted.
“Maybe it was the prayer of those parrots who were freed from the cage,” Ghulam Naqshband, an older neighbor, said with a smile.
Officer Tameem was on duty in Kabul on Jan. 27 when a Taliban bomber drove an ambulance past two checkpoints on a busy street and detonated explosives. More than 100 people were killed and at least 200 wounded.
Lately, the explosions have become so devastating that bodies are often hard to identify.
After each attack in Kabul, the bodies arrive at the city's forensic medicine department. Families go there to identify and collect the remains. Often, there is not enough to identify — just a torso, or limbs. The department does not have the capabilities for DNA testing.
Some unclaimed bodies remain at the morgue for weeks, or months. Then, quietly, municipal workers pick them up for a burial.
Photo
The explosion was so large that Mohammed Roeen, another cousin of Officer Tameem, said they could see the smoke from their rooftop across town. Once it became clear that it had happened near the officer's duty station, the search began. Officer Tameem's phone was switched off. Relatives went from the site of the attack to every city hospital.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They found no trace of him.
Mr. Roeen said they managed to reach the company commander. “He said: ‘Look, they were standing here. This is the container. This is where the car bomb detonated. How can we expect them to be alive?' ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
After two days of searching, they returned to the morgue. The bodies that remained were in bad shape. Mr. Qaseem said they settled on a torso that was skinny and young — like Officer Tameem's. The forensic staff members did some blood tests and said it was him. They said they would wash and prepare them in a coffin for pickup the next morning. The government gave the family a death payment of about $2,000.
Then, Mr. Qaseem turned to the more difficult task: breaking the news to Officer Tameem's mother and sisters. One of the officer's sisters had set aside about $20 of their savings, saying they would give it as alms to the poor if they heard good news.
“We prepared and convinced their mother that this was God's will, that the women should not open the coffin,” Mr. Qaseem said.
When the coffin was placed in the yard, the women wailed and threw themselves at it. Quickly, the men lifted the coffin again and made their way to the cemetery. No one really knows whom they buried.
Photo
As Officer Tameem's family and friends celebrate their second life, another family is still searching.
After the call of good news, Officer Tameem's mother and sisters went to the hospital. But they had to wait outside for about two hours because the Afghan president was visiting the wounded.
When their mother got in, many in the room were trying to keep it brief so that the emotions would not overwhelm Officer Tameem.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“They were both crying,” Mr. Qaseem said. “Tameem had tears, and they were able to move their hand.”
Them son given a second life, the mother has left for their village, in Kapisa Province. Four others from their village were killed in the ambulance bombing. They wanted to mourn with their families.
Mr. Naqshband, the neighbor, said that distant relatives who had not been informed of the twist still arrive at the house to pay their respects.
“Even today, I was just standing here and a woman came asking for directions: ‘Where is the house of martyr Tameem?' ” Mr. Naqshband said. “I said: ‘He is alive. Don't you go into their house saying martyr.' ”
Officer Tameem is on the mend, though their wounds are critical. Even so, Mr. Qaseem said, hospital workers ask visitors if they are there to see “the dead police officer who became alive.”
The latest poll from YouGov has the Tories squeaking ahead 42% to 41%. This is the latest in a trend which has seen the Labour lead evaporate over the summer. This is despite the noisy ups and downs of the Brexit negotiations – it is almost as if the public is ignoring Brexit shenanigans. The public now has May just ahead of “Don't Know” as Prime Minister at 37% to 35%. Corbyn trails “Don't Know” by 7% points. Imagine if the Tories had a leader who connected with voters…
BOSTON — The Boston Celtics say forward Gordon Hayward had surgery to remove a plate and screws in their broken left leg and will be ready to start next season.
Hayward missed almost the entire season after breaking their leg in the first quarter of the season opener. The Celtics went on to reach Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals before losing to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The team says their leg and ankle are sound, but the plate and screws that were implanted to help the injury heal were irritating their tendons.  They are scheduled to resume basketball activities in six to eight weeks and be ready for training camp.
Also Wednesday: the Celtics said centre Aron Baynes had successful surgery to repair a nasal fracture they sustained during Game 6 of the Cleveland series.  They are expected to be back on the court in two to four weeks.
By TOM HAYS
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Allison Mack, the TV actor who starred in The CW network's "Smallville," was bailed out of jail on Tuesday and met with a chaotic scene outside a courthouse where she's charged with helping recruit women as sex slaves for the leader of a self-improvement group in upstate New York.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed to release Mack, who was arrested last week, on $5 million bond and place them under home detention in California. She'll be living with their parents at their home in Los Alamitos as they await trial.
Mack, 35, appeared in tan jail smocks for a brief court appearance. They only spoke to answer "yes" when the judge asked them if they understood the bail conditions.
Among those conditions: No contact with current or former members of the secretive group known as NXIVM. She'll also be subject to electronic monitoring and restrictions on computer and cellphone use.
By the time Mack left the courthouse more than two hours later, they had switched into a jean jacket, gray slacks and sneakers. They stared straight ahead in silence as they and their lawyers fought through a media scrum to a waiting car, with at least three photographers tripping over each other and toppling to the sidewalk along the way.
The actor played Chloe Sullivan, a teenage friend of Superman, on "Smallville." Since that series ended in 2011, they have played only minor roles.
Prosecutors said they helped recruit women for NXIVM leader Keith Raniere by telling them that they were joining a purported female mentorship group, prosecutors said. Instead, the victims "were exploited, both sexually and for their labor," and even branded with Raniere's initials, prosecutors said.
Federal authorities raided a residence near Albany where NXIVM was headquartered in March. The organization also ran programs in Mexico.
Raniere, 57, was arrested in Mexico, brought to the U.S. on March 26 and is being held without bail in Brooklyn on sex-trafficking charges.
At the time of Raniere's capture, Mack was living with them at a luxury villa in Puerto Vallarta, according to court papers.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles. (Source: KNXV/CNN)
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles. (Source: KNXV/CNN)
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian. (Source: KNXV/CNN)
By FELICIA FONSECA and TOM KRISHER
Associated Press
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) - A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed a pedestrian in suburban Phoenix in the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle - an accident that could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the event many in the auto and technology industries were dreading but knew was inevitable.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies like the ride-hailing service compete to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it hit 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as they were walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk, police said. They died at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said local authorities haven't drawn any conclusions about who is at fault but urged people to use crosswalks. They told reporters at a news conference Monday the Uber vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it hit Helzberg immediately as they stepped on to the street.
Neither they nor the backup driver showed signs of impairment, they said.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles.
Although the Uber vehicle and its human backup could be at fault, it may turn out that there was nothing either could have done to stop the crash, they said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone. Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Autonomous vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
"We should be concerned about automated driving," Smith said. "We should be terrified about human driving."
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements.
Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when their car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a "startling reminder" to members of Congress that they need to "think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring."
___
Krisher reported from Detroit. Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix contributed to this story.
___
This story has been corrected to show that federal investigators found Tesla's Autopilot system was a factor in the deadly Florida crash.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Kaden Newton's great, big idea came after they donated items to a community food bank and realized the pantry didn't have any of their favorite foods.
"They didn't have like, Chef Boyardee or pancake mix," they recently told ABC affiliate WFAA in Dallas..
This went on for several years: Kaden and their family taking trips to the Helping Hands food pantry in their hometown of Rockwall, Texas, and them growing increasingly concerned about the scarcity of foods that they and many other kids most enjoy.
So last week, with their parents' help, Kaden, 7, started their own nonprofit, Mac and Cheese and Pancakes -- named for their two favorite things to eat -- to collect donations of foods like pasta, soups, snack bars and crackers.
You know, typical things kids like.
10-Year-Old Sells Baseball Cards to Raise Money for Friends With Cancer
Fifth-Graders Go 'All In' Raising Funds for Accessible Playground for Kindergartener
They asked for help from friends and family via social media and even created a wish list on Amazon to make donating easy.
In a little more than 10 days, the Newtons' home has gotten crammed with truckloads of comfort foods donated for children in need.
Kaden's organization has already received more than 7,000 items ready to go to the Helping Hands pantry, and the deliveries keep coming.
"It's cool that we have this much food here ... We have Goldfish, juice, granola bars, soup," Kaden said. "Pasta, definitely mac-and-cheese."
They said their mom, Diana Newton, had set a goal of 100 food items to donate to the pantry, though theirs was higher.
"We never expected to get this kind of response," Diana Newton said. "To get this kind of response is absolutely amazing."
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - News Updates - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Briefs - Financial - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles - Courier Road Report Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - Sports Extra - - MLB Highlights - - PGA Tour - - NASCAR Racing - - NFL Talk - - College Football - - NBA Basketball - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz - Orange & Black Attack - NASCAR Racing Family - Family News - Inside Editions - - Weekend Edition - - Clipper Coupons - - Online Circulars - - Today's Obituaries - - Parade - - Findlay Bicentennial - Celebrations Weekly - Community Calendar - City Directory - Courier Bridal Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - Editorials - Columns - - Historical Highlights - Letters to the Editor - Feature Blogs - Reader Polls Weather - School Delays - Event Cancellations - Traffic Conditions - CourierCam - Flood Portal The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Real Estate - Rentals - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Open House Map - Ad Rates - Place Ad - Credit Application - Legal Notices Media - Photos - - The Flood of 2007 - Video - Photo Sales - CourierCam - SocialFindlay - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide 2016 - Member Rewards - Sales Locations - Courier Directory - Submission Forms - Ad Rates Archives
LIVERPOOL, England — Police say a man was attacked outside a pub near Anfield before the Champions League game between Liverpool and Roma on Tuesday.
Merseyside Police said it was investigating a "serious assault." The man was attended to by police and needed treatment.
The incident took place 10 minutes before kickoff.
By The Associated Press
The Phoenix (6-4) led 10-2 at the end of one quarter and 23-14 at the half, but nine turnovers in the third period allowed the Grenadiers (7-3) back into the contest. IUS also made 6-of-13 field goals in the third quarter after posting just four baskets in the entire first half.
Kyra Tucker and Kaitlin Oliver, who combined for 27 points and 12 rebounds along with four assists and four steals for the Phoenix, each posted field goals and Tucker added a free throw before a layup by Micah Norris put Cumberland ahead, 30-22, in the third period.
Indiana-Southeast scored 10 of the next 13 points starting with a 3-pointer from Ashley Johnson. Lauren Camm's triple and two free throws from Madi Woods pulled IUS within 33-32 with 21:10 left in the quarter, the closest the Grenadiers had been since the first minute of the contest.
Oliver connected on 1-of-2 free throws for CU and added a layup before two fouls shots by Carli Codner-Pinto pushed the lead to 38-34 at the end of three quarters.
Katherine Griffith scored to open the final period for the Phoenix and a 3-pointer from the left wing by Tucker, their second of the contest, extended the advantage to 43-34. Johnson and Annie Thomas scored for the Grenadiers to cut the deficit to five, but Ant'Treasia Patton rebounded their own miss for a basket, Cydney Goodrum hit two foul shots and Oliver added another field goal, making it 49-38 with just over five minutes to play.
Baskets by Josie Hockman and Jenna Shine got IUS within seven, but Cumberland scored six straight points to put the game away, including a layup by Goodrum, Oliver's old-fashioned 3-point play and one foul shot from Goodrum.
Tucker led the Phoenix with 15 points, six rebounds, two assists and two steals and Oliver netted 12 points with six boards, two assists and two steals. Norris added eight points, six caroms and four steals and Goodrum posted 10 points off the bench.
Thomas placed the Grenadiers with 13 points despite missing some of the third period with a busted nose and Johnson collected 10 points. Each team committed 22 turnovers in the contest.
The Phoenix scored the first eight points of the game, four baskets by four different players, before the Grenadiers finally got on the board with two free throws by Camm at the 4:56 mark of the opening period. IUS missed its first five shots and committed three turnovers before the foul shots and did not make a field goal in the first quarter at all, going 0-for-10.
Cumberland did not score for almost five minutes after taking the 8-0 lead, recording four turnovers and five missed shots before a streaking layup by Norris down the right side with just over a minute left in the period. CU held a 10-2 advantage at the end of 10 minutes, with the teams combining to hit just 5-of-26 shots with 11 turnovers in the quarter.
Patton's jumper pushed the CU lead to 12-2 in the first minute of the second period and the Grenadiers finally got on the board with a 3-pointer from Thomas at the 9:09 mark. Johnson's baseline jumper cut the IUS deficit to 12-7, forcing a timeout by the Phoenix.
Neither team scored for more than three minutes, committing a combined six turnovers with seven missed shots before Tucker's jumper 5:05 before intermission ended the drought. Baskets by Norris and Goodrum extended the CU advantage to 18-9, but Woods nailed a triple for IUS just with over a minute left in the period.
Tucker answered with their own 3-pointer and then made a fadeaway 15-footer with the shot clock running down in the last 10 seconds, putting Cumberland ahead, 23-14, at the break. Tucker led all scorers with nine points while Norris posted six points and five rebounds.
Indiana-Southeast made only 4 of 25 shots from the field in the half and had 10 turnovers, though CU was just 11-for-31 overall with nine miscues.
Cumberland will play host to Talladega College on Monday at 6 p.m. and play Huntington University at the Dallas Floyd this coming Saturday at 1 p.m.
William Carey snaps men's three-game winning streak
HATTIESBURG, Miss. — William Carey put together a 17-9 run in the last four-plus minutes of the game and Cumberland made four trifectas in the final 48 seconds but it wasn't enough dropping a 65-57 decision to the Crusaders on Saturday in Hattiesburg, Miss.
Cumberland committed just eight turnovers and added seven steals in the opening half and a basket by Ryan Townes in the final seconds sent the Phoenix into the half tied at 26.
Both teams rallied back-and-forth to start the second and a basket by Diondrey Holt Jr., was quickly responded with a layup by the Crusaders (6-2). Four points in a row for the Phoenix (6-4) pulled them ahead 34-32 at the 15 minute mark.
A trifecta by Quinton Williams regained the advantage for William Carey but a combined effort behind the offense for Cumberland with baskets by Townes and Will Shelton and a triple by Holt Jr., sent the CU ahead, 41-37.
Over the next two-plus minutes the Crusaders only scored two more points while the Phoenix tacked on four more by Shelton to lead, 44-39 with 10:36 remaining. Five points from Jared Tillman and two free throws by Jaylen Moore tied the score at 48 with just under five minutes remaining.
The Crusaders put together a 17-9 run in the final four minutes of the game, and Cumberland netted three trifectas in the last 48 seconds cutting the deficit to eight, 65-57.
Andrew Rogan finished the game with 15 points and Holt Jr., added 13 points, four steals and four rebounds.
William Carey's Moore collected a double-double recording 16 points and 13 boards and Williams tallied 12 points on the night.
WCU opened up the game with four unanswered points but a layup by Holt, Jr., ended the streak and a 9-1 run for the Phoenix tied the score at nine. Two points by Jamarri Johnson regained the lead for William Carey but Trenton Perry netted a three-pointer to pull the squad ahead by one, 12-11.
Moore and Cleveland scored the next six points for the Crusaders but Cumberland made a comeback tacking on eight points to jump ahead, 20-19 with four-plus minutes left in the half.
WCU netted back-to-back three-pointers but a basket by Townes with 25 seconds remaining sent the Phoenix into the half tied at 26.
Cumberland scored 21 points off of Crusader turnovers and shot 34 percent from the field. Both teams made five baskets from behind the arc.
The Phoenix will take on host Lee University for an exhibition game on Tuesday 7 p.m. before traveling to Tuscaloosa, Ala., to play Stillman College on Thursday.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Preston North End supporters think that by and large, ticket pricing is fair at Deepdale.
Get all your latest Lancashire Post sports news by following @LP_Sport on Twitter
PNE fans have had their say in our poll on the 2017-18 season
That is one of the many results to come from our big end-of-season survey conducted over the past couple of weeks.
We asked for your views on a wide range of topics at the end of the 2018-19 campaign and you responded in numbers to let us know what you think about PNE affairs, on and off the field.
Among the eye-catching figures were that 70 per cent of fans who took part said they thought ticket pricing was ‘about right'.
Some 29 per cent felt entry to Deepdale was ‘far too expensive' while it is no surprise that just one per cent said they would be happy to pay more to go through the turnstiles.
While they may be largely happy with ticket pricing, our survey showed that supporters do think there needs to be some development of the matchday experience at Deepdale. Of those who took part, 66 per cent said that the offering at PNE home games was ‘okay but needed some work here and there'.
Nineteen per cent said they were not happy with it and that it ‘needs to improve' while 15 per cent think it is ‘brilliant'.
On the field, fans were certainly happy with what they saw from Alex Neil's side as they took their play-off bid to the final day and ultimately finished seventh in the Championship.
Neil took over from Simon Grayson last summer and kicked the Lilywhites on, 80 per cent of fans who answered our poll saying the season was beyond their expectations.
Of those who took part, 17 per cent said PNE had finished where they had expected, while just three per cent indicated that coming up just short in the race for the top six represented an underachievement. Despite being impressed with Neil's first campaign in charge, fans expect that improvement to continue into next term.
Two-thirds – 66 per cent – hope North End will bridge the gap to the top six in 2018-19, with 29 per cent believing promotion should be on the agenda.
Just five per cent think a place in the top 10 will suffice while two per cent would be content with simply keeping Championship status come the end of the season.
Of those surveyed, 52 per cent said they would be buying a season ticket for the coming campaign, with 20 per cent indicating they were going to wait and see what happened over the summer as PNE look to strengthen their squad in the transfer window.
Just under a third, 28 per cent, will not be buying a season ticket but some did, however, indicate that was down to non-football reasons – living out of the area, for example.
Russia's athletes plan to compete under a neutral flag at next year's Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, the head of the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) Athletes' Commission Sofya Velikaya revealed today.
The decision follows a ruling by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) last week to ban the ROC from sending athletes to the event.
The IOC have accused Russia of systematic violations of anti-doping rules, particularly during the Winter Olympic Games in Sochi.
Importantly, however, Russian athletes who can prove they are clean are allowed to compete under a neutral flag.
There had been talk in Russia of a boycott of the Games and some media outlets, including state-television company VGTRK, have claimed they will not be broadcasting from Pyeongchang.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has claimed that they will not force Russian athletes, who wish to compete under a neutral flag, to boycott the event.
This has given the green light to Russian athletes to compete at Pyeongchang 2018 and a decision was made by athletes at today's ROC Athletes' Commission to compete under a neutral flag.
According to Russia's official state news agency TASS, chair of the Athletes' Commission Sofya Velikaya, an Olympic gold medallist in fencing, announced they would take part at Pyeongchang 2018.
Sofya Velikaya, seen here with Vladimir Putin, says that all Russian athletes have announced plans to complete as neutral athletes under the Olympic flag at next year's Winter Olympic's in Pyeongchang ©Getty Images
"Everyone is preparing and hopes to perform.
"At the moment, there are no athletes who have refused to take part in the Games.
"The athletes' position is that the majority of them want to take part in the Olympic Games.
"The athletes are well aware that there won't be a flag and an anthem of the country, but they still represent Russia."
The ROC Athletes' Commission, however, have still sent a letter to IOC President Thomas Bach, asking them to review the their decision on Russia.
"We ask the IOC to be unbiased in regard to the athletes at the Olympics. We don't want them to invite team members number five or six, and not the leaders," Velikaya said.
Velikaya added that the letter also calls on Bach to revise the life bans from the Olympic Games given to Russians disqualified from Sochi 2014 by an IOC Disciplinary Commission chaired by Switzerland's Denis Oswald.
"That's because the athletes were already punished and have the right to take part in the Olympics in line with all the rules envisaged in the IOC regulations," they said.
The final decision on the Russian athletes' participation in the Olympic Games is due due to announced at the ROC Congress, due to be held in Moscow tomorrow.
PRAGUE (AP) — Newcastle has completed the permanent signing of goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from Sparta Prague.
Sparta and Newcastle confirmed the transfer on Wednesday after the Premier League club activated an option to sign the 29-year-old Slovak, who joined the Magpies on loan in January.
Newcastle says Dubravka signed a contract until June 2022.
The goalkeeper had an impressive debut for Newcastle in a 1-0 victory over Manchester United and played 12 league matches overall.
Newcastle manager Rafa Benítez says: "We're delighted to finalize the permanent signing of Martin to Newcastle United today. Ever since they arrived with us on loan they have shown a fantastic attitude and great work ethic, and of course we have been very impressed with their performances for us on the pitch last season."
Dubravka has played 10 internationals for Slovakia.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — Dan Girardi‘s days with the Rangers are over.
The team announced Wednesday they are buying out the final three years of the longtime defenseman's contract, which had an annual salary cap hit of $5.5 million. As a result, the Rangers will have dead money counted toward the cap over the next six seasons, ranging from $1.11 million to $3.61 million.
“Dan's contributions to the New York Rangers organization have been immeasurable,” team president Glen Sather said in a statement. “He has been a role model through their relentless determination, giving everything they had to this organization both on and off the ice.”
Girardi becomes an unrestricted free agent and can sign with any team beginning July 1.
They have played all 11 seasons of their career for the Blueshirts, reaching the postseason 10 of those years. An All-Star in 2012, they scored 46 goals and 184 assists during their Rangers career.
Girardi, 33, however, has battled injuries in recent years, including cracked ribs this past season. The alternate captain had four goals and 11 assists in 2016-17.
MORE: From The Vault: New York Rangers Win 1994 Stanley Cup
“I poured my heart and soul into this team for the past 11 seasons and I enjoyed every minute of it,” Girardi said in a statement. “I want to acknowledge that the Rangers are a first class organization who have always treated our players in a first class fashion. My family and I are most grateful for the way we have been treated during our stay in New York.”
General manager Jeff Gorton said of Girardi: “He has been one of the key contributors to our success over the past decade. We have the utmost respect for Dan and wish them all the best going forward.”
In another move Wednesday, the Rangers agreed to terms with forward Matt Puempel on a one-year extension. Getting a deal done with the 24-year-old helps New York satisfy the minimum expansion draft requirement of exposing at least two forwards under contract for 2017-18.
The Rangers claimed the Puempel off waivers from Ottawa in November. They had six goals and three assists in 40 games last season and has 10 goals and five assists in 79 career NHL games.
New York also named former player Jed Ortmeyer as director of player development, Steve Eminger as a professional scout and Ben Prentiss as strength and conditioning consultant.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
By Alex Dobuzinskis
(Reuters) - A Florida nurse has offered some frank advice for people whose lax hygiene is contributing to a deadly flu outbreak, including "wash your stinking hands!"
In the six-minute video entitled "After Work Thoughts", which has been watched more than 6 million times since it was posted on Facebook last weekend, Katherine Lockler unloaded their frustrations after long shifts in the emergency room.
"There is a cesspool of funky flu at the ER right now," said Lockler, wearing hospital scrubs and speaking to the camera from the driver's seat of their car. "Wash your stinking hands so you don't get all your babies sick!"
Hospitalizations for flu have reached their highest level in the United States for nearly a decade, U.S. health officials said on Friday. The illness is widespread in 48 states and has killed more than 50 children.
In the video, Lockler gives a strained smile as they offer ideas for avoiding spreading flu, and shows how to sneeze safely by placing one's face against a sleeve at a bent elbow.
The so-called "Dracula Sneeze", resembling the way the fictional vampire covers their face with a cloak, is recommended by doctors to prevent the spread of airborne illnesses.
Some online viewers were unimpressed by their blunt approach.
"Sounds like they are in the wrong field," wrote one Facebook user, Teresa Welsh, accusing Lockler of "talking down" to their intended audience.
But others praised their advice, including Facebook user Marty Saupe, who wrote: "Told as only a nurse who's worked the front lines can!"
The Pensacola News Journal reported that Lockler lives in the Florida panhandle town of Milton. Lockler did not return calls seeking an interview.
(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles; Editing by Daniel Wallis)
A big rig hit a tree and broke through a guardrail before ending up in an embankment on the side of the westbound 91 freeways in Buena Park, Friday morning Oct. 6.
The 7:11 a.m. freeway crash near Beach Boulevard was blocking the slow lane on the right, according to the California Highway Patrol. Traffic officers closed the lane at 7:30 a.m. for two hours.
A firefight returns a saw to their Orange County Fire Authority truck after a big rig hit a tree and broke through a guardrail before ending up in an embankment on the side of the westbound 91 freeways in Buena Park on Friday morning. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
California Highway Patrol officer Dale Witham talks with firefighters after the driver of a big rig hit a tree and broke through a guardrail before ending up in an embankment on the side of the westbound 91 freeways in Buena Park on Friday morning. The driver reportedly had to be rescued from the rig but, it was unclear if they were injured. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A load of mulch spills on the freeway and down an embankment when the driver of a big rig hit a tree and broke through a guardrail before ending up in an embankment on the side of the westbound 91 freeways in Buena Park on Friday morning. The driver reportedly had to be rescued from the rig but, it was unclear if they were injured. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Firefighters return to their engine after helping rescue the driver of a big rig that hit a tree and broke through a guardrail before ending up in an embankment on the side of the westbound 91 freeways in Buena Park on Friday morning. The driver reportedly had to be rescued from the rig but, it was unclear if they were injured. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A La Palma Police officer and a California Highway Patrol officer look at a big rig that hit a tree and broke through a guardrail before ending up in an embankment on the side of the westbound 91 freeways in Buena Park on Friday morning. The driver reportedly had to be rescued from the rig but, it was unclear if they were injured. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Firefighters look inside the cab of a big rig that hit a tree and broke through a guardrail before ending up in an embankment on the side of the westbound 91 freeways in Buena Park on Friday morning. The driver reportedly was rescued from the rig but, it was unclear if they were injured. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Firefighters look inside the cab of a big rig that hit a tree and broke through a guardrail before ending up in an embankment on the side of the westbound 91 freeways in Buena Park on Friday morning. The driver reportedly was rescued from the rig but, it was unclear if they were injured. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
With their helmet showing signs of fighting many fires, Orange County Fire Authority firefighter George Robledo returns to their truck after looking inside the cab of a big rig that hit a tree and broke through a guardrail before ending up in an embankment on the side of the westbound 91 freeways in Buena Park on Friday morning. The driver reportedly was rescued from the rig but, it was unclear if they were injured. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The overturned rig spilled landscaping mulch. Crews were working to clear the road of the debris and remove the truck from the embankment.
The driver reportedly had to be rescued from the rig but, it was unclear if they were injured.
Northern Ireland boss Michael O'Neill says that Paddy McNair is a 'Premier League' player.
McNair was Northern Ireland's man of the match as they drew 0-0 with Panama and O'Neill, who was considered for managerial role on Wearside after the departure of Simon Grayson, said the 23-year-old is 'determined' to play in the top tier again.
Sunderland have rejected a £2 million bid from a Premier League club, believed to be Brighton. The club's new regime believe they are worth far more than that despite injury troubles that have seen the former Manchester United midfielder miss large chunks of the last two seasons.
McNair roared back from those problems to finish the season with four goals in five games.
Brighton's Paddy McNair interest is a test Sunderland's new regime are determined to pass
O'Neill told the Belfast Telegraph: "I hope their club situation sorts itself out. I know what they are capable of."
"His running power and quality is evident to see, and they are so determined to get back to the Premier League and hopefully they get that chance.
"Paddy was class tonight. Paddy McNair is a Premier League player," they added.
"The reason they aren't is because of their injury. They joined Sunderland when they were in the Premier League. They then had a bad injury and Sunderland were relegated.
"But you've seen the quality in the last five or six games of the season. They scored four or five goals at the end of last season."
Why Jack Ross has genuine cause to be optimistic on the eve of their Sunderland tenure
New Sunderland owner Stewart Donald is eager to hold talks with members of the playing squad individually before decisions on their future are taken.
The club have rejected a number of bids for their best young talent as well as knocking back the initial move for McNair.
Barring a restraining order, most schools around the country will start at 11 am on Tuesday, with the definite exception of special education.
School will also start on time but end three hours early in schools operated by local councils. Binyamin and Shaar Hanegev Council Regions will operate as usual. In Kiryat Bialik, kindergardens will be staffed by aides organized by the city. Its intermediate schools will be on normal schedule because its teachers belong to the Irgun Hamorim union and not the Histadrut Hamorim, which declared the sanction. In Nesher, kindergarden, intermediate and high schools will be on normal schedules but elementary schools will start at 11. The kindergardens will be operated like afternoon care between 7 and 11 am. After that as usual.
Watch TV shows, movies and more on Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
Mike Pence sends a new message to North Korea not to "test President Trump's resolve" and "all options are on the table," but NSC advisor H.R. McMaster seems to have a different idea about defusing tensions with Pyongyang.
The Last Word with Lawrence O' Donnell More
The Last Word with Lawrence O' Donnell
Lawrence O'Donnell brings their extraordinary background in politics and entertainment to “The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell,” airing weeknights on MSNBC. Drawing upon their experience as a former chief of staff on the Senate Finance Committee and as an Emmy-winning executive producer and writer of “The West Wing,” O'Donnell gives the last word and rewrites the most compelling stories of the day.
DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) — Syrian TV: President Bashar Assad met with Vladimir Putin at Hmeimeem base in Syria this morning.
Experts at Nielsen expect sales of pumpkin-spiced products to grow 6 percent this year to $414 million.
August has been the big growth month for pumpkin spice searches, as anticipation brews for Starbuck's annual pumpkin spice latte launch in early September.
August has been the big growth month for pumpkin spice searches, as anticipation brews for Starbuck's annual pumpkin spice latte launch in early September. Seen here is Bruxie's pumpkin shake.
Pumpkin loaf at Starbucks.
Online shopping researchers at 1010data say the number of pumpkin spice items sold online has jumped 49 percent year-over-year.
Pumpkin spice is like many issues confronting our nation: you either like it or hate it.
What was once a baker's secret — a varying mix of cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, ginger, clove and vanilla — has become a seasonal flavor obsession (for some).
Yes, you can blame coffee giant Starbucks for taking pumpkin spice out of the shadows 14 years ago and putting it into the marketing limelight. If you don't know what “PSL” means, you just aren't cool, I guess.
But don't give Pumpkin Spice Latte too much credit. The flavoring's broader marketing explosion fits nicely into any retailer's calendar that sees a lull between back-to-school sales and Halloween madness.
No matter the hype, there's no universal love for the flavoring which suffers from numerous interpretations with varied amounts of sweet, smoke and bitter. Some people don't like the taste; others hate the manufactured mania.
As a reality check, I used industry sales trends and Google Trends data (to see how online searches for “pumpkin spice” vary) to find six things you should know about what's become a late-summer-to-early-fall classic …
1. Big lineup
Pumpkin-spice bagels are an immoral act but were inevitable.
My incomplete list of fad-seasoned products includes coffee and its creamers; teas; every baked treat imaginable; candy; crackers and chips; cooking sauces and salsas; yogurt, cream cheese and other dairy goods; breakfast cereals, hot and cold; and wine, beer, and liquors.
Oh, and marshmallows. Even deodorant!
2. Maps matter
Geographic preferences seem real.
If you have real autumns, you're into pumpkin spice. Or at least frequently search for information about it.
On a proportional basis, West Virginia was the top spot for pumpkin pie searches followed by Utah, North Dakota, Idaho, Wyoming and New Hampshire.
If fall just means cooler temperatures, pumpkin spice isn't as cool. Lowest ranked for searches was Mississippi followed by Louisiana, Hawaii, Alabama … and yes, California!
3. Even in California
In the Golden State, climate also appears to adjust the relative pumpkin space passion.
It's most commonly searched for to the inland and north: around Eureka, Chico and Sacramento.
Least search interest is found in a southernly and coastal direction: lowest in Palm Springs, then Santa Barbara, the Bay Area, Monterey and Los Angeles.
Guess pumpkin spice and heat don't mix!
4. Really growing
It's not you. It's a thing!
Search activity has essentially tripled in the past five years vs. the previous five years. And it's up eight-fold since 2005.
And it sells. Experts at Nielsen expect sales of pumpkin-spiced products to grow 6 percent this year to $414 million. The largest category is still pie filling.
As a result, innovation follows. Online shopping researchers at 1010data say the number of pumpkin spice items sold online has jumped 49 percent year-over-year.
5. Growing season
It's a truly seasonal deal. Relatively nobody cares (searches) about pumpkin spice from January to July.
And, yes, fall has become summer. August has been the big growth month for pumpkin spice searches, as anticipation brews for Starbuck's annual pumpkin spice latte launch in early September.
If search trends hold, it's pretty much over for 2017.
Searches peaked on a monthly basis in November as recently as 2009 when pumpkin spice was primarily a Thanksgiving thing. As the fad blossomed, the search peak moved to October 2010 through 2013. It's been in September ever since.
6. Cooling trend
When you're hot as pumpkin spice, two things almost always happen.
First, marketers overdo it. It's human nature as nobody wants to miss this perceived gravy train. Then comes the predictable “doomsday” scenarios.
Will success kill the pumpkin-spiced goose?
Nielsen shows a retail-sales growth rate that's one-third of what it was four years ago. Meanwhile, 1010data says the big bump in pumpkin-spice products resulted in sales growth only half as fast. And online searches this September could not top last year's peak.
Slow growth isn't death … but for haters, it's something to sink your teeth into.
Players no longer will be penalized two shots for an incorrect scorecard if they were not aware of a rules violation when they signed their card.
The USGA and R&A also will no longer respond to most TV viewers' calls during the tournament.
The changes are part of a local rule effective Jan. 1.
Rescinding the scorecard penalty, famously applied to Lexi Thompson at the LPGA Tour's first major last April, is part of a broader standard for using video.
Thompson had a three-shot lead in the final round of the ANA Inspiration when a TV viewer noticed they had improperly replaced their golf ball on the green during the third round. They were penalized two shots for the infraction. Because that would have made them score two shots higher, they received an additional two-shot penalty for the scorecard error.
That became a four-shot penalty in the final hour of the tournament. Thompson rallied, but eventually lost to So Yeon Ryu in the first hole of a playoff.
Leaders from all major tours and organizations began meeting later that month.
The USGA and R&A are leading a group of top officials who are modernizing the Rules of Golf. The proposal currently is under public review and expected to be effective in 2019. The two-shot scorecard error would have been eliminated under the proposed rules.
The USGA and R&A also said only video from the telecast — not smart phones or other video from fans — can be used as evidence of a violation. It also said it would make it tougher for fans to call in if they think they see a violation on TV.
The change also means each tournament will assign one or more officials to monitor the video broadcast and help identify any violations or rules issues that might arise.
The PGA Tour has done this from time to time, but found that it often loses the use of a rules official on the course as they sit in a room watching TV for a violation that is rare over the course of the year.
According to the video review protocol for tournaments on TV, officials will not monitor or review any calls from views at home. That doesn't eliminate TV viewers from noticing violations — such as the incorrect drop by Tiger Woods at the 2013 Masters — but tournament officials will not have a method for fans to call, email or text.
In the case of the Masters, the viewer was a former rules expert who knew who to call at the course.
The U.S. Energy Department's Savannah River Site, with the unfinished building which was meant to make plutonium safe but now may not be finished until 2048, is seen in this aerial image, taken near Aiken, South Carolina, U. S. January 31, 2018. High Flyer © 2018/Handout via REUTERS
(Corrects 11 kg to 11 pounds in paragraph 14 of April 20 story)
By Scot J. Paltrow
AMARILLO, Texas (Reuters) - In a sprawling plant near Amarillo, Texas, rows of workers perform by hand one of the most dangerous jobs in American industry. Contract workers at the U.S. Department of Energy's Pantex facility gingerly remove the plutonium cores from retired nuclear warheads.
Although many safety rules are in place, a slip of the hand could mean disaster.
In Energy Department facilities around the country, there are 54 metric tons of surplus plutonium. Pantex, the plant near Amarillo, holds so much plutonium that it has exceeded the 20,000 cores, called “pits,” regulations allow it to hold in its temporary storage facility. There are enough cores there to cause thousands of megatons of nuclear explosions. More are added each day.
The delicate, potentially deadly dismantling of nuclear warheads at Pantex, while little noticed, has grown increasingly urgent to keep the United States from exceeding a limit of 1,550 warheads permitted under a 2010 treaty with Russia. The United States wants to dismantle older warheads so that it can substitute some of them with newer, more lethal weapons. Russia, too, is building new, dangerous weapons.
The United States has a vast amount of deadly plutonium, which terrorists would love to get their hands on. Under another agreement, Washington and Moscow each are required to render unusable for weapons 34 metric tons of plutonium. The purpose is twofold: keep the material out of the hands of bad guys, and eliminate the possibility of the two countries themselves using it again for weapons. An Energy Department website says the two countries combined have 68 metric tons designated for destruction - enough to make 17,000 nuclear weapons. But the United States has no permanent plan for what to do with its share.
Plutonium must be made permanently inaccessible because it has a radioactive half-life of 24,000 years.
(Graphic: Burying the problem - https://tmsnrt.rs/2K1HTG3)
"A MUCH MORE DANGEROUS SITUATION"
Edwin Lyman, a physicist at the Union of Concerned Scientists, a science advocacy group based in Washington, says solving the problem of plutonium storage is urgent. In an increasingly unstable world, with terrorism, heightened international tensions and non-nuclear countries coveting the bomb, they say, the risk is that this metal of mass annihilation will be used again. William Potter, director of the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies, told Reuters: “We are in a much more dangerous situation today than we were in the Cold War.”
Washington has not even begun to take the steps needed to acquire additional space for burying plutonium more than 2,000 feet below ground - the depth considered safe. Much of America's plutonium currently is stored in a building at the Savannah River Site in South Carolina - like Pantex, an Energy Department site. Savannah River used to house a reactor. Local opponents of the storage, such as Tom Clements, director of SRS Watch, contend the facility was never built for holding plutonium and say there is a risk of leakage and accidents in which large amounts of radioactivity are released.
The Energy Department has a small experimental storage site underground in New Mexico. The department controls the radioactive materials - plutonium, uranium and tritium - used in America's nuclear weapons and in the reactors of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers and submarines. In a Senate hearing in June 2017, Energy Secretary Rick Perry said the Energy Department has been in talks with New Mexico officials to enlarge the site. Environmental groups there have strongly opposed expansion.
Under an agreement with Russia, the United States was to convert 34 metric tons of plutonium into fuel for civilian reactors that generate electricity. The fuel is known as MOX, for “mixed oxide fuel.” Plutonium and uranium are converted into chemical compounds called oxides, and mixed together in fuel rods for civilian nuclear power plants. The two metals are converted into oxides because these can't cause nuclear explosions. But the U.S. effort has run into severe delays and cost overruns.
The alternative method is known as dilute-and-dispose. It involves blending plutonium with an inert material and storing it in casks. The casks, however, are projected to last only 50 years before beginning to leak, and so would need to be buried permanently deep underground.
United States National Security Advisor (NSA) Herbert Raymond McMaster on Tuesday met Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Lok Kalyan Marg in New Delhi. Foreign Secretary S Jaishankar and National Security Advisor Ajit Doval were also present during the meeting.
HR McMaster discussed the issue of terrorism with PM Modi and both the parties agreed to increase military cooperation between the two nations. They also emphasized the importance of US-India strategic relationship and reaffirmed India's designation as a Major Defense Partner.
During the meeting that lasted for almost two hours, the US National Security Advisor discussed the regional security issues with PM Modi.
US NSA HR McMaster meets PM Narendra Modi at 7, Lok Kalyan Marg in Delhi; Foreign Secy S Jaishankar and NSA Ajit Doval also present. pic.twitter.com/ZQvWRfOE3R — ANI (@ANI_news) April 18, 2017
However, there was no mention of talks between India and Pakistan on the issue of Kulbhushan Jadav's death sentence.
McMaster arrived in New Delhi on Monday evening. They were in Pakistan to meet Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
It was McMaster's first visit to Pakistan as the US National Security Advisor and the first formal high-level exchange between the US and Pakistan under the administration of President Donald Trump.
“General McMaster conveyed the greetings of President Trump and assured the Prime Minister that the new administration was committed to strengthening bilateral relations and working with Pakistan to achieve peace and stability in Afghanistan and in the wider South Asian region,” said a statement of the office.
Earlier, they met and held talks with Pakistani Foreign Affairs advisor Sartaj Aziz on combating extremism and terrorism.
(With IANS inputs)
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Romanian lawmakers have approved changes that critics say will weaken the European Union member's efforts to root out high-level corruption.
Parliament voted 167-70 Monday to change a law that obliges public officials to declare their assets and regulates conflicts of interest. Lawmakers and public officials banned from holding office due to rules violations could now see the ban lifted.
Lawmakers also approved a law obliging judges and prosecutors to pay financial damages for judicial errors made "in bad faith or grave negligence," which critics say could make magistrates wary of prosecuting or issuing rulings.
Opposition lawmakers whistled as the laws were approved, while members of the left-wing governing coalition cheered.
Thousands of Romanians have protested against the proposals saying they will make it harder to punish high-level corruption.
BERLIN (AP) — Chancellor Angela Merkel is pushing for the quick formation of a new governing alliance with Germany's main center-left party, saying that only a coalition will bring the "stable government" needed at a challenging time for Europe.
Merkel's conservative Union bloc and the center-left Social Democrats will begin discussions Wednesday on a possible extension of their coalition of the past four years. The Social Democrats insisted after a disastrous election result in September that they would go into opposition, but reluctantly agreed to reconsider after Merkel's coalition talks with two smaller parties collapsed.
Merkel said Monday: "I favor quick talks, and I think a stable government is the basis on which we can work best with France and for Europe."
They said a minority government "would not be a stable government."
Perdue, a Democrat-turned-Republican who founded a grain and fertilizer business, served on Trump's agricultural advisory committee during their presidential campaign.
The official gave no other details about Trump's choice for agriculture secretary, one of the few remaining posts Trump has to fill as they assume the White House on Jan. 20.
The appointment must be approved by the Republican-led U.S. Senate.
Perdue, 70, led the southern U.S. state for two terms as governor from 2003 to 2011 after previously representing a rural swath of central Georgia about 100 miles south of Atlanta in the state Senate.
Elected in 2002, they became the state's first Republican since 1871, according to the National Governors Association.
After finishing their second term as governor, Perdue founded Perdue Partners, a global trading firm that consults and provides services for companies looking to export products.
Trump had been meeting with a number of other possible candidates for U.S. agriculture secretary, including Elsa Murano, undersecretary of agriculture for food safety under President George W. Bush, and Chuck Conner, head of the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives.
They have also met with Abel Maldonado, former lieutenant governor of California and co-owner of Runway Vineyards; Tim Huelskamp, Republican U.S. representative from Kansas; and Sid Miller, Texas agriculture commissioner.
A manhunt is underway for a person of interest in the North Dallas shooting that injured two police officers and a civilian at a Home Depot, authorities said.
911 dispatchers received a call to go to the Home Depot shortly after 4:12 p.m., Dallas Police Chief Renee Hall said in a press conference Tuesday night. After the responding officers arrived, a subsequent call for assistance was made after the shooting began.
Two Dallas Police officers were critically wounded, the Dallas Police Department posted on Twitter shortly after the shooting. A civilian who is a loss prevention officer for Home Depot was also shot, Hall said. Their or their condition is unknown at this time, police said.
ABC News
Police were actively searching for the person of interest in a nearby wooded area on Tuesday afternoon. Authorities identified them as 29-year-old Armando Juarez, who possibly left the location in a white pickup truck.
Juarez is to be considered and dangerous, Hall said, adding that it is unclear "how they were able to get a gun and shoot all three of the victims."
Hall asked the community to contact police if they see Juarez or have any information on who and where they are.
WFAA
The officers were transported by the Dallas Fire-Rescue Department to the Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas, where they are getting the "best possible care," Hall said.
Hall did not release their names or an update on their conditions when speaking to the media out of respect for the families, they said.
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings described the aftermath of the shooting as a "two-front battle," referring to the victims' battles for their lives at the hospital as well as "the battle out in the community" to find the person of interest.
WFAA
The police department asked for prayers for the victims and their families.
"I want to ask each and every one of you for your prayers ... for our officers, for their families and for our entire DPD family, because we need you right now," Hall said. "Our hearts are very heavy."
We can confirm that two @DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
State, local and federal law enforcement agencies responded to the scene.
In 2016, five Dallas law enforcement officers were shot and killed and seven more injured after they were ambushed by 25-year-old former Army reservist Micah Xavier Johnson. Johnson later died in a standoff with police.
Former Dallas Police Chief and ABC News contributor David Brown said the most recent shooting on two Dallas police officers is "too much to bear for one department in such a short time frame."
"Once again, it sobers us to realize what officers walk into day in and day out, how quickly they can become victims," Rawlings said.
BERLIN (AP) — German airline Lufthansa says it's agreed to an arbitrator's proposal for a new wage agreement for its 5,400 pilots, signaling an end to a lengthy and bitter dispute.
The airline, Germany's largest, said Wednesday it agreed to a four-stage 8.7 percent total wage increase, and a one-off 30 million euro ($31.7 million) payment that would translate to some 5,000 to 6,000 euros per employee.
The new agreement will be in place until the end of 2019.
The Cockpit union had been staging strikes sporadically since April 2014, costing Lufthansa multiple millions, before the two sides agreed to arbitration on December.
Cockpit, which had no immediate comment, had sought raises of 3.66 percent a year going back 5½ years.
Photo
For a business built on growing friendships, Facebook is making an astonishing number of enemies. Revelations that some 50 million of its user profiles were inappropriately harvested add to a list of outcries over the social network's practices. It has come to the point where Facebook's founder, Mark Zuckerberg, will have to prove somehow they are not in way over their head.
Mr. Zuckerberg, a 33-year-old Harvard dropout, has encountered doubters every step of the way since starting Facebook in their dorm room and building it into a juggernaut valued at more than $500 billion. The hubris accumulated from the achievements is now plain to see. Mr. Zuckerberg seems either oblivious to — or incapable of assuming — the responsibilities of running an enterprise of extraordinary political, cultural and social influence.
It is evident even in the company's lame response to the latest imbroglio. The New York Times and The Observer of London chronicled, with the help of a whistle-blower, how a political consultancy, Cambridge Analytica, exploited Facebook user information. Worse, they say, Facebook knew about it and failed to alert customers. The tin-eared first lines of defense over such harrowing claims were to argue that what occurred was not technically a “data breach” and to belatedly suspend the firm's account.
Responses from outside Facebook were notably, and deservedly, more severe. Lawmakers in the United States called for investigations into the leaks. Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota, demanded that Mr. Zuckerberg appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee, on which they sit. A Conservative British lawmaker called for them to testify in a parliamentary inquiry over Russian meddling in Britain's referendum to leave the European Union. For over a year, Mr. Zuckerberg has been ducking such requests even as they embarked on a road trip across America last year to meet people in every state.
Facebook has abjectly failed to grasp the magnitude of its problems. It took Mr. Zuckerberg almost a year to apologize for their blithe 2016 comment that fake news posted across the social network didn't influence the presidential election. In the meantime, there are mounting concerns over its online advertising power, handling of privacy matters and how much tax it pays in Europe. Ten years ago, Mr. Zuckerberg hired Sheryl Sandberg to help turn their start-up into a serious corporation. It may be time for more adult supervision.
Shortly after a horrific mass shooting in Las Vegas, Nevada, that left at least 58 people dead and more than 500 injured, a pack of golden retrievers showed up to the city to do their part.
View photos Titus the comfort dog with a woman in Las Vegas, Nevada. More
The LCC K-9 Comfort Dogs are a furry crew affiliated with Lutheran Church Charities, nonprofit based out of Northbrook, Illinois. The group has trained therapy dogs stationed in 23 states. The dogs work in their local community at places like hospitals and nursing homes and often travel to the scene of crises like the Las Vegas massacre.
The canines offer emotional support to grieving people and can help victims open up after a tragedy. People can pet them, talk to them, and use them as a furry shoulder to cry on.
“Dogs show unconditional love,” Tim Hetzner, the president Lutheran Church Charities who founded the K-9 program in 2008, told HuffPost. “They're good listeners, they're confidential, they don't take notes.”
Hetzner noted that the dogs never go anywhere they aren't invited and that the organization provides the service completely free of charge. In this case, there was already at least one dog in Las Vegas when the massacre occurred, but more were soon to follow.
“We try to put boots and paws on the ground within 24 hours of any invites,” Hetzner said. By early Tuesday, there were 19 comfort dogs in the city, with retrievers traveling in from Illinois, Nebraska, Colorado, Arizona, California and Missouri.
A whole bunch of comfort dogs are currently at Sunrise Hospital in Las Vegas pic.twitter.com/Bgs1Dlghh0 — Jim Dalrymple II (@JimDalrympleII) October 5, 2017
The dogs' efforts in Las Vegas have been focused at the Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center, where the majority of those injured are being treated. The dogs are also visiting places like schools and police stations.
View photos A comfort dog named Ruthie at a candlelit vigil following a mass shooting in Las Vegas. (LCC K-9 Comfort Dogs) More
“They're a fantastic bridge in helping people,” Hetzner said, adding that the people of Las Vegas are dealing with many kinds of traumas, including survivor's guilt and the pain of losing loved ones. Others are struggling through severe injuries that may leave them with permanent damage.
The golden retrievers begin to train for their roles at 8 weeks old, with training lasting from 16 to 18 weeks, Hetzner said. When they aren't on the job, they live at the home of a caregiver.
Hetzner added that they ensure the dogs get breaks, so they don't become emotionally overwhelmed themselves. That's a precaution you have to take when dealing with animals that are so in tune with the feelings of people.
“Dogs are an incredible gift from God,” they said. “They sense when someone is hurting.”
You can follow the LCC K-9 Comfort dogs on Facebook here.
On Wednesday, Feb. 15, as we celebrate Jaromir Jagr's 45th birthday, we are going to great lengths to honor the man, the myth and the mullet. When they broke into the league with the Pittsburgh Penguins in 1990-91, the kid from Kladno had tremendous talents, sick skills and luscious locks. And even as they toil all these years later for the Florida Panthers -- their eighth NHL team -- there's no denying their influence on generations of hockey players around the world.
Which got us wondering: What would the sports world look like if their reach had extended beyond the frozen fields? What would key athletes look like after getting Jagr bombed -- getting their very own mullet makeover?
Behold the answer: You're welcome.
Russell Westbrook
Tim Tebow
Auston Matthews
Cristiano Ronaldo
Von Miller
Lionel Messi
Connor McDavid
LeBron James
Bryce Harper
Geno Auriemma
Tom Brady
Odell Beckham Jr.
Roger Federer
Phil Mickelson
Nick Saban
Steve Spurrier
Jim Harbaugh
Paul Finebaum
Joe Maddon
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) - The Chief Minister of India's state of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis, said on their official Twitter account Tuesday that a meeting and discussions with Hon Hai executives were held the same day to prepare for setting up manufacturing facilities in the state.
Hon Hai Precision Industry Ltd., better known as Foxconn outside Taiwan, the world's largest electronics contract manufacturer and Apple's major iPhone supplier, signed an agreement to invest US$5 billion in the state in 2015 over a course of five years. Touted as the largest FDI project in the country, the agreement is to build up a plant that produces electronic products.
“Foxconn reiterated their plans to set up production facility here and investment committed in MoU, said Maharashtra is the most favoured destination,” Fadnavis tweeted after meeting a delegation of Foxconn officials led by Simon CP Hsing, the spokesperson for the company.
The company is said to be currently looking for new locations in Pune and Konkan for plants to manufacture electronic components for mobile phones, as part of the company's plan to make India a key global manufacturing hub serving Africa and West Asia, and a big partner in e-commerce and renewable energy.
Maharashtra, on India's west coast, includes the city of Mumbai.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Subway service changes and street closures are in effect after an pipe bomb exploded in a terror-related incident during the heart of the morning rush Monday near the Port Authority Bus Terminal.
The device was apparently being carried by a 27-year-old man when it exploded prematurely around 7:15 a.m. in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street near Times Square and Port Authority Bus Terminal, authorities said. The suspect, who has been identified as Akayed Ullah, and at least three other people were injured. Speaking at a news conference, Mayor Bill de Blasio called it “an attempted terrorist attack.”
The incident essentially put Manhattan on lockdown, initially shutting down major several roads across the city including the West Side Highway. The following road closures remain in effect/: Eighth Avenue between 23rd and 34th streets, 42nd street between 2nd and 10th avenues, 43rd Street between 8th and 9th avenues, and 57th Street at 9th Avenue.
As a result of the incident 1, 2, 3, A, C, E, N, Q, R, W and 7 trains are bypassing 42nd Street-Port Authority Bus Terminal.
1, 2, 3, A, C, E, N, Q, R, W and 7 trains are bypassing 42 St. See https://t.co/vhZQ2kZ2vb for full details. — NYCT Subway (@NYCTSubway) December 11, 2017
For the latest service changes, visit the MTA website.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal (@PABusTerminal) has reopened, following police activity due to an incident this morning. Bus customers are encouraged to contact their carrier for the most current information regarding their operations.https://t.co/KyTwzC5w6H — Port Authority NY&NJ (@PANYNJ) December 11, 2017
NJ TRANSIT bus service is resuming normal service into New York City after the Port Authority Bus Terminal reopened around 9:30 a.m. Buses were being diverted to Newark, Secaucus and Hoboken, where passengers could take trains or PATH into the city.
NJ TRANSIT will continue to cross-honor bus tickets until midnight. Ferries will accept bus tickets until 8 p.m.
PATH is no longer cross-honoring.
At 2 months old, Japan's baby giant panda sports a healthy coat of its distinctive black and white fur but still can't stand on its own.
Video released Monday by Ueno Zoo in Tokyo shows the female cub crawling on their belly as their much larger mother watches then cuddles them from behind.
The zoo says the panda is healthy, weighing in at just over 3 kilograms (6.6 pounds) and measuring 43.9 centimeters (17 inches) long. Pandas typically can support themselves on their legs at 4 months old and start climbing at 6 months.
The unnamed cub was born on June 12 to the zoo's resident giant panda, Shin Shin. Japanese media reports say she'll be named by the public when she's about 100 days old.
———
Online: https://tinyurl.com/y9vo87xx
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic moves through the Lincoln Tunnel from New Jersey en route to New York City. New Jersey towns along the busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic on Route 495 enters the Lincoln Tunnel en route to New York City, in Weehauken, N.J. New Jersey towns along the busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
By DAVID PORTER
Associated Press
WEEHAWKEN, N.J. (AP) - With a lengthy highway construction project looming that could turn one of the Northeast's worst traffic bottlenecks into the stuff of post-apocalyptic fiction, local officials whose towns could be overrun by frustrated motorists say they're still in the dark on some aspects of the plan.
When lanes will be closed on the busy Route 495 viaduct connecting the New Jersey Turnpike to the Lincoln Tunnel is one unanswered question. In recent weeks the state Department of Transportation has said its $90 million project to rebuild the bridge and roadway will require closing a lane in each direction beginning in "mid-summer."
On Tuesday, a department of transportation spokesperson said it would be "later this summer." Several local officials involved with discussions with the department said community outreach efforts are still underway and questions linger about handling traffic overflow, an indication the start could be some time away.
The pothole-ridden 80-year-old viaduct cuts through parts of Secaucus, North Bergen, Union City and Weehawken and accommodates more than 150,000 motorists daily. Local officials acknowledged the need to replace the bridge structure, which is considered structurally deficient and functionally obsolete. But some expressed concerns about logistics.
Weehawken Mayor Richard Turner, whose town squats over the entrance to the tunnel, said they haven't been given a firm starting date for the lane closures, and has yet to meet with top state transportation officials about the project, though they expect that will happen soon.
"We're very concerned about the impact on traffic, and the resulting traffic jams on our local streets," Turner said. "We are extremely concerned about emergency vehicles getting through."
Turner noted that on a Saturday last month, a delay on Route 495 leaving New York left traffic at a standstill and forced many motorists onto the cramped streets of their town and others. That doesn't bode well for traffic during the bridge reconstruction, when the lanes will be closed 24/7, they said.
"I can't imagine what is going to happen on a weekday," Turner said.
According to the department's website, the work can't be performed solely during nighttime hours because the nature of the bridge work makes it impossible to replace portions each night and then allow traffic back on it during the daytime.
The department's plan includes detours for cars and trucks using Routes 1 and 9 northbound and southbound, where ramps from 495 will be closed off. That is likely to clog streets in Secaucus in a part of town that is home to outlets and big-box stores.
Turner and Secaucus Mayor Michael Gonnelli both said the state hasn't committed to reimbursing their towns for police overtime that likely will be required for traffic management.
Gonnelli said the traffic overload has the potential to be "a nightmare either way."
"We're downstream from where this is happening, but we are affected anytime something happens, and we're affected badly," they said. "I try to take my wife out to eat on a Friday night, and you can't get out of town."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Senate committee has backed the government's incremental approach to expanding Australia's safe harbour regime, but a dissenting report supported by the Greens calls for much broader copyright reform.
The current safe harbour provisions were introduced the US Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act 2004. Providing certain conditions are met, they protect telecommunications providers from being liable when customers use their services to infringe copyright (e.g. using a broadband service to pirate a movie).
A government bill would expand the safe harbour protections to cover public libraries, archives, educational institutions and key cultural institutions. The limited expansion of the safe harbour provisions has been supported by organisations representing the book publishing and music industries.
However, the tech sector including Digital Industry Group Incorporated (DIGI) — whose members include Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Oath and Twitter — has tended to back a broader expansion of the regime to cover all online service providers.
The report of the Environment and Communications Legislation Committee inquiry into the Copyright Amendment (Service Providers) Bill 2017 noted there are “highly polarised views and lack of consensus on further safe harbour reform” and said it had “received conflicting evidence” on expanding the safe harbour provisions beyond what the bill contemplates.
“Given the divergence of stakeholder views and the complexity of the issues being considered, the committee supports the Government's incremental approach to safe harbour reform,” the report backed by the committee's majority said.
“The proposed amendments will ensure that educational and cultural institutions and organisations assisting people with a disability will be afforded protection immediately. The committee considers this to be a balanced and reasonable approach. The committee also notes and appreciates the reassurance that the department will continue its consultation with stakeholders.”
“The amendments in the bill provide an immediate fix for one of the big problems with Australia's safe harbour regime — ensuring Australia's schools, universities, libraries, archives, museums and disability groups have the same legal protections as commercial ISPs,” said Australian Digital Alliance executive officer Jessica Coates. However, the bill “does nothing for the other big problem — ensuring our technology companies are able to compete in the global market.”
“We therefore strongly support the committee's statement that this should just be the first step in the reform process, and that the government must continue to consult on solutions for Australia's commercial online service providers,” Coates said.
“Australian companies are being sued right now just for providing the same services consumers can already get from overseas,” Coates said.
A dissenting report back by the Greens welcomed the “incremental progress” that the bill makes “in bringing Australian copyright laws up to date and in line with other countries”.
However, it said that the Greens object to the “piecemeal manner” in which the government is updating Australia's copyright law.
“We do not believe that this bill achieves the necessary balance between the rights and protections of content providers and content creators,” it added.
“We do not support the limited definition of 'service providers' used in this bill, which excludes Australian tech companies and online content providers, stifling innovation and the ability of Australian tech companies to compete internationally,” the dissenting report said.
Copyright consultation
The Department of Communications and the Arts earlier this week launched a new consultation on copyright reform.
The government is seeking input on a number of copyright reforms backed by the Productivity Commission's report on Australia's intellectual property rules.
A consultation paper has been released and is available from the department's website.
Car Craft Editor Terry Cook surely aspired to something greater. They delighted in assaulting and deconstructing preconceptions. While we wore the trendy rags of the day, they insisted on suits and they knotted nutty ties. Rather than a Tri-Five, a Chevelle or any piece American Iron, they aspired to and drove a freakin' Morgan- four-bore motor and a frame made out of wood. We were further disoriented when they announced their project hot rod was going to be a fiberglass four-door T nudged by a turbocharged Vega four-popper. Beyond the norm.
Cook was enamored of the Car&Driver philosophy and its editorial execution, as well as key players Leon Mandel and Brock Yates, and for a while they modeled some of Car Craft's physical production after theirs. Road tests or drag tests or whatever you want to call them, were published without a byline or even a photo credit, as this was policy at the precious New York-based magazine.
It was policy that CC tech stories leak as much minutia, detail and as many decimal points as possible, because that's what readers had come to expect from the premier drag racing publication. By the time we were done, column inches had jacked into column-yards, which inevitably overwhelmed the photographic presentation. Cheeky Cook ruffled another feather or two by running carry-over copy in the front of the magazine, rather than the back half as is tradition.
The story here is what I thought I'd remembered and had included in the original copy for “Goodbye Forever LS-6.” I didn't hit the nail. I barely hit the wall. Truthfully, I don't even remember if I was the one that wrote it, though the sophomoric slop in it leads me to believe I did. The stuff I missed is astounding.
Most of the time, what you think you remember isn't how it happened at all. I know. I've proven it to myself time and again, because I can look at one of my centuries-old magazine stories and it will tell me so. It can't be wrong, can it? Sometimes I have to ask someone who was there at the time, and most times I can find a witness. This is about one of those times. But these old days, some of the faithful have already passed on, so I'm on my own here.
In the late sixties/early seventies, if you wanted to traverse the greater Los Angeles landscape in a Chevy, you called the Western Region guy, Wayne Thoms, an affable and accommodating human being if there ever was. They had the go-fast gene, too, even if it was a vicarious one. The length of time you'd spend with the car was strictly up to him, but a month was the usual term—he had to make allowances for the mechanical work you planned to throw at the car as well as the time required to take the hop-up stuff off. More often than not, we'd be grinding the mule for at least two months.
There was an unwritten agenda at Car Craft: whatever it was, made sure that it ran better than one tested by anyone else. If it didn't the first time out, you just kept at it. The very least, there were tacit rivalries with Cars, Hot Rod, Popular Hot Rodding and Super Stock & Drag Illustrated, so when Wayne dangled the Ontario Orange C3 under our noses like a maggoty goat carcass to a turkey vulture, we could not refuse.
It had the most powerful motor, so how could we refuse? For its final appearance on the world stage, the once mighty RPO LS6 454 was included in the ZR2 package (Special Purpose LS6 Engine Package) that also featured heavy-duty power brakes, an M-22 transmission, transistor ignition, special aluminum radiator with metal fan shrouds, springs, shock absorbers and stabilizer bars for a premium of $1747.
The LS6 had been neutered by much milder events for the solid lifter camshaft and a 9.0:1 dog-brain compression ratio so that it would live on leaded regular (and later the unleaded pee that would be mandatory for the impending catalytic converter.) Quite a way from the race-like 11.25:1 of the 1970 LS6, it still advertised 425hp at 5,600 rpm and 475 lb-ft at 4,000 rpm. Its big 800cfm Holley still threatened in a way the pedestrian Quadra-Jet couldn't hope to. The cylinder heads were aluminum and featured an open combustion chamber design. Volume was 119.09cc's. The mechanical lifters were lashed hot at 0.024- and 0.028-inches. Chevy stuttered that the drop in compression for the 1971 LS6 would accommodate regular fuel. It didn't. It bucked and pinged and wasn't happy until it was slugging high-test hooch.
Since most of us preferred tooling a clutch car, that whiney Muncie M-22 close-ratio had more than siren appeal. A diaphragm clutch with a 1,800-pound spring load operated dual 10-inch discs that had aluminum-backed facings and asbestos pads. The steel flywheel weighed 33 pounds. The system behaved well at high rpm and worked without flaw in front of the rock-eating Muncie. Zoom supplied the 4.56:1 gears, and we took the Corvette to Bob Heacox at Scat Enterprises for the installation.
Then we relieved the motor of its nominal cast iron manifolds that had been used to make the factory packaging as simple and as cost-effective as possible. Anyone who wanted the most from the 454 would likely strap on some headers, in this case Hedman (part HH-9) with 2-inch primaries and a 3-inch collector. Then some original BS: “To give the car the rally look (what exactly did that look like?) and an incredibly obnoxious sound, the Thrush Outsiders were plumbed into the header system and fitted below the rocker panels.”
Like the side pipes, the drone continued: “The car was an absolute bear on the street. The side pipes gave it primal sound and appearance and the Hedman headers relieved the congestion. But the biggest visceral boost came from the lower gears. Instead of taking two city blocks to go through the gears, it could be accomplished in half a block, all the while pinning you tightly against the seat.”
Then some more clunky copy: “The [lower numerical] gear ratio naturally meant that the engine would be turning at a higher rate, hence it would be louder. That volume, when multiplied by the Thrush pipes and the fact that one sat directly next to the exhaust exit meant that the driver was subjected to a fantastic amount of noise harmonics resulting in ringing ears for hours afterwards.” Sometimes, I think I still have them.
The Formula 1 L70-15 tires that were mated with 8.5-inch-wide ET Uni-Lug wheels were actually destined for a pick-up truck that belonged to the editor of Hot Rod Industry News, then a Petersen service publication. He'd sweet-talked me into scamming them, but much to my chagrin (tongue-in-cheek here), they were too large for the Corvette's wheelhouses and interfered with them long before the steering went to full lock. They did an atrocious job of visually overpowering the car. All we could was put them on for the beauty shots and roll them out of sight as soon as we were done.
My partner in this sublime stew of tomfoolery was the late Steve Collison. They lived to cut lights and pull gears like Dave Strickler. The Corvette was equipped with Wide Oval F70x15 tires. There was a trick to running bias-plies; if you got the air pressure to around 12psi, the tire would flatten out enough to give a scoche more bite from the pitiful, maybe-six-inch-wide bias-plies, and this worked especially well with an automatic. With a high-powered clutch car, it was a completely different deal. The Rat's grunt pulverized ‘em.
To shake up the clocks with some sensational numbers, sticky drive tires were inevitable. There was just one small problem. The slicks were off one of Steve's Chevelles, 9-inch Goodyears, and he'd screwed ‘em to steel rims. We jacked up the car and put them on. Everything was cool until they tried to drive it away. In our haste, we'd neglected to see that the inside of the steely wasn't quite large enough to clear the calipers. When they let the clutch out, the car lurched and stopped just as quickly, as the rims grunched the calipers, flattening the bleed valve on one of them.
So then, skill not slicks would be the deciding factor.
There were two distinct episodes with this car. The antagonist was staffer Larry Schreib, an ex-Marine officer who had a way of doing things that the rest of us reefer-maddened liberals couldn't fathom. Shortly after their CC gig, Larry proved their mettle as a founder of S-A Design. If you ever fooled with a small-block, you've probably thumbed one of Larry's books. More on them in a minute.
Steve and I had previously established our routine behind the Orange Curtain at the OCIR outpost. As usual, operator Steve Evans had left the joint wide open for us- electricity on, clocks primed, and nobody there to stop us from the inevitable mayhem. As soon as we'd arrived, Steve went on their “I'm going to be top dog” rant, like they had to honor some sort of street-racing imperative down by the airport where they lived.
They banged gears a few times but was not satisfied with their efforts. I got in and found the groove right away and got the car off the line without smoking the tires or bogging the motor. I caught all the gears. The pass was clean, felt right. When I got back to the bleach box, Steve was whooping about what a grand pass it was. They said they could tell as soon as the car left the line. Too bad he'd forgotten to reset the clocks.
The best of five Pure Stock passes at OCIR on the Goodyear F70-15 Wide Ovals on the stock 8.5-inch steel rims netted a 13.72 at 102.04. The tires spun like crazy through Low. Between the 3.36s and less-than-able spark plugs, the motor coughed at the top of each gear and cleared the traps turning less than 5,000rpm in Third gear. We knew that this outing was just a warm-up and that we'd be coming back with guns and egos blazing.
I slipped away and made the long drive home just a little disappointed.
With the car packing its load of aftermarket goodies, we went down south again for the second round. We reset the valve lash and screwed in some fresh AC 45 XLS spark plugs. Here, memory fails again. I'm not sure who drove this time; maybe it was both of us. Talk was that 12.8's on street tires were normal. Slipping off the line without undue wheel-spin and shifting at 6,500rpm, we ran the best of 12.64 at 114.21 and 12.65 at 114.35. I don't remember if that made us smile or not but it was better than anything the competition could do.
A few days later it was, Larry Schreib decided that they wanted a piece of the LS6 and they got the keys and took it to Lions. The next thing that happened, the car was on the hook, vital humors seeping from somewhere deep inside it. Ol' Lar had put a rod through the block. Ol' Wayne Thoms wasn't exactly inviting us to lunch the next day. The last that anybody saw of the Ontario Orange fiberglass, it was dangling from tow truck. That was in June or July of '71.
Thirty-three years after the fact, I got call from Mike Yager, the head cheerleader at Mid America Motorworks. “Remember that Car Craft LS6 we talked about a few months ago, the one with the 4-speed that you and Steve Collison had drag tested?” they said. “I have it now, documented and all.” Then they were gone.
They sent the images you see here. They also included a fact sheet from the Mecum Auction. Seems Zora Duntov had driven the same Corvette for a Car & Driver test (6/71). It had the earliest known LS6 VIN. It had been equipped with power everything, but did not include air conditioning. It still has the burn marks from the headers, as well as the 4.56 gears it got for the test that never was.
Ms. Rhimes said in their own statement: “Shondaland's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan Ted Sarandos and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company. Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix. They understood what I was looking for — the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation. The future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities.”
The deal was reported earlier by The Wall Street Journal.
Ms. Rhimes has been with ABC for more than a decade and has long been one of the biggest names at the network. They have been a reliable generator of hits, including building an entire Thursday night lineup that ABC's marketing department has dubbed #TGIT.
Though it has been a ratings force, the lineup has showed signs of wear and tear recently. “Grey's Anatomy,” which will begin season 14 in September, remains a big hit with sturdy ratings, but “Scandal” and “How to Get Away With Murder” have seen their ratings nose-dive in the last two years. One of Ms. Rhimes's newer shows, “The Catch,” was canceled in May.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
That same month, ABC announced that “Scandal” will end after the series' seventh season, something that the network tried to turn into a marketing bonanza at its annual advertiser pitch earlier this year.
Ms. Rhimes's development slate at ABC will not suddenly vaporize. In addition to keeping its Thursday night lineup for the coming season, ABC still has a midseason show that is expected from Ms. Rhimes, titled “For the People,” and a “Grey's Anatomy” spinoff that is in preproduction, among some other projects in development.
Nevertheless, losing them is enormous for ABC and its corporate parent, Disney. The network finished in last place among the advertiser-coveted demographic for a second straight season, and though it is doing fine with comedies, it badly needs a hit drama. This fall, the network is pinning its hopes on revivals including “American Idol” and “Roseanne” to help improve its standing in the ratings.
In a statement, ABC's entertainment president, Channing Dungey, said, “I'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked-about shows on television. With the launch of a new season upon us, fans can rest assured that TGIT remains intact and will be as buzzed about as ever.”
For Netflix, this is more of the same.
The streaming service has been on a big spending spree, pouring billions into acquiring big-name talent.
In addition to cornering the market on stand-up comics Jerry Seinfeld, Chris Rock and Dave Chappelle, just last week the streaming service said it was bringing in the Coen brothers for a new limited series and David Letterman for a new TV show.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The latest moves come just as digital rivals like Apple and Facebook have taken steps that suggest they are prepared to become serious players in the scripted and unscripted television game.
National security adviser General Michael Flynn delivers a statement daily briefing at the White House in Washington U.S., February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
By Steve Holland and Emily Stephenson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is evaluating U.S. national security adviser Michael Flynn over their Russian contacts, Trump's spokesperson said on Monday, pointedly declining to make a public show of support for their embattled aide.
A statement from White House press secretary Sean Spicer, read to reporters crowded around their office, left Flynn's status in doubt, an hour after Trump aide Kellyanne Conway said the president had full confidence in Flynn.
Flynn had told Vice President Mike Pence they had not discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russian officials in the weeks before Trump took office Jan. 20, prompting Pence to defend them in subsequent television interviews.
In recent days Flynn has acknowledged they might have discussed sanctions with the Russians but could not remember with 100 percent certainty, which officials said had upset Pence, who felt they had been misled.
Officials said Flynn has apologized to Pence twice, including in person on Friday.
"The president is evaluating the situation.  They are speaking to ... Vice President Pence relative to the conversation the vice president had with General Flynn and also speaking to various other people about what they consider the single most important subject there is, our national security," Spicer said.
Flynn was an early supporter of Trump and shares their interest in shaking up the establishment in Washington.
The White House statement, arranged during a meeting between Trump, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and Spicer, suggested that the review into Flynn's activities stretched beyond the conversations they had with Russian officials.
Some news reports have focused on accusations that there has been dysfunction in the operation of the National Security Council with Flynn at the helm.
An hour before Spicer read their statement, Conway, one of Trump's closest aides, had told reporters that Flynn had the full confidence of the president.
It was notable, however, that Trump did not use the opportunity of a joint news conference with visiting Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Monday to make a public show of support for Flynn.
Top White House officials have been reviewing Flynn's contacts with the Russians and whether they discussed the possibility of lifting U.S. sanctions on Russia once Trump took office.
That would potentially be in violation of a law banning private citizens from engaging in foreign policy, known as the Logan Act.
Senate Democratic leader Charles Schumer told reporters they wanted an independent investigation of Flynn's discussions with the Russians.
“His security clearance ought to be withdrawn until that independent investigation is completed. And if they have violated any law or ethical precept, they ought to be fired," Schumer said.
There was no indication from transcripts of Flynn's conversations that they had promised to lift the sanctions but rather that they made more general comments about hoping for better U.S.-Russian relations with Trump, a U.S. official said.
Flynn was going about their business as normal despite the cloud hanging over him, participating in national security meetings.
They were at Trump's side at the president's Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida on Saturday when word reached the presidential entourage that North Korea had launched a ballistic missile at the same time Trump was hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
While Trump left Flynn's status pending, they appeared to close the door on another source of speculation, as to whether Priebus might be replaced.
Appearing briefly before reporters in the West Wing of the White House, Trump said Priebus was doing a "great job."
(Editing by Sandra Maler and Jonathan Oatis)
NEW YORK (AP) — The Knicks have won two straight games for the first time in almost two months, and they're not apologizing for the caliber of their competition.
Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 22 points and Michael Beasley added 17 as New York beat the depleted Chicago Bulls 110-92 on Monday night.
“We don't care who they put out there,” Beasley said. “They could put a bunch of toddlers out there. Once the game starts, the game starts.”
Enes Kanter had 10 points and 13 rebounds, while Troy Williams added 11 for the Knicks.
Cristiano Felicio scored a career-high 17 points for the Bulls, who were missing their top three scorers and went 3-for-30 from 3-point range. Bobby Portis and Antonio Blakeney scored 16 points apiece.
The Knicks used an 11-0 run to end the second quarter and take a 47-37 halftime lead.
Felicio scored Chicago's first 11 points of the second half and the Bulls pulled within four, 56-52, on Denzel Valentine's layup with 7:45 left.
That was close as they would get, as the Knicks followed with a 21-5 stretch and opened up a 77-57 lead on the second of Hardaway's consecutive 3-pointers with 2:35 left in the quarter.
“We are out there competing,” Valentine said. “Everybody competes and gives it there all with their minutes, but if the ball don't go in the basket, you lose. We got 12 more games left and we have to make the most of them.”
New York led 83-67 at the end of the third, and the Bulls got within 10 points midway through the fourth. The Knicks responded with an 11-2 run that put away a win that doesn't mean much for a team bound for the draft lottery.
“I don't think it's for real, like ‘We're going to tank,'” said Kyle O'Quinn, who had of the Knicks' season-high 61 rebounds. “But, I think it's encouraged. You know, why not? But, I don't think you can get five guys out on the court and tell them to lose as professionals.”
TIP-INS
Bulls: Coach Fred Hoiberg said Kris Dunn was being put in a walking boot after they suffered a right toe sprain against Memphis on Thursday. Dunn also missed Chicago's game against Cleveland on Saturday. … The Bulls had beaten the Knicks in the teams' previous three meetings this season.
Knicks: Courtney Lee returned after missing Saturday's game for personal reasons. Lance Thomas missed their second straight game for personal reasons. … The Knicks ended their five-game homestand at 2-3.
MISSING THE POINT
Chicago's Zach LaVine (16.7 points per game), Lauri Markkanen (14.9) and Dunn (13.4) were out with injuries, while Robin Lopez (12) was dressed but did not play. Nikola Mirotic, who had been leading the Bulls in scoring (16.8), was traded to New Orleans on February 1.
“It doesn't change the game plan at all,” Jeff Hornacek said. “We are still trying to do what we are supposed to do offensively and defensively. The scouting report changes a little bit in terms of what you do with Markkanen or what you do with Dunn. So that part changes. Other than that, we are trying. It is not like we have all our guys either.”
HONORING A HERO
During a timeout, the Knicks honored former Army Staff Sgt. Alfredo De Los Santos and presented them with a $10,000 scholarship for their daughter, Josely. De Los Santos lost their right leg when they were wounded in Afghanistan in 2008.  They are now a professional hand cyclist who had a 4th-place finish at the 2016 Paralympics.
ALTERNATE UNIVERSE
The Bulls lost to the Cavaliers on Saturday and dropped consecutive games for the first time since Feb. 26-27. The Knicks, who beat the Hornets on Saturday, won consecutive games for the first time since Jan. 26-30.
LONELY VALENTINE
Denzel Valentine is the only player on either team who has played in every game this season. They have started 34 of the Bulls' 70 games.
UP NEXT
Bulls: Host Denver on Wednesday.
Knicks: Visit Miami on Wednesday.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
A loving son held a photoshoot to show their mum beauty comes in all forms after their cancer fight.
Aspiring photographer Chris Winter organised the event to give their mum Pamela Winter a boost following their battle with lymphoma.
Aspiring photographer Chris Winter organised the shoot to give their mum Pamela Winter a boost following their battle with cancer.
The 49-year-old hired a studio for the shoot and contacted models from a variety of backgrounds to show everyone is beautiful.
Mrs Winter, 71, from Toward Road, Hendon, Sunderland, was diagnosed with the illness six months ago and underwent chemotherapy and radiotherapy at Newcastle's Freeman Hospital before being declared to be in remission.
Chris said they hoped the shoot would show them they were still beautiful.
“My mum felt horrible after treatment –she has lost their hair and four and a half stone in weight and was feeling really disheartened.
Pamela Winter was photographed by their son Chris Winter for an inspirational photoshoot following their battle with cancer.
“So I wanted to do something that would cheer them up. They said they felt a million dollars.”
Chris, from Osborne Avenue, South Shields, was joined by Craig McNair, an amateur photographer from Westoe, who teaches Photoshop at South Shields Digital Camera Club, for the shoot.
On the day, Mrs Winter was photographed alongside Jade Bambrough, 22, from Sunderland, who won Top Model of Sunderland 2016 and Georgia Mordey, 18, from Washington, who has competed in Miss Newcastle and Miss Teen Great Britain.
Also starring in the shoot was youngster Lucy Bayfield, 15, from Harton, who has alopecia and has never modelled before; award-winning makeup artist Samira Boussaid, 18, from Fusionz Make-up Studio in Sunderland; hairdresser Lauren Wilkinson and Emma Fell, 20, from Barnard Castle, who is also new to modelling.
Stay connected: The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news, highlights, scores, standings, and analysis all for FREE. Download for iOS (Apple) or Download for Android
By Gina Cherelus and Daniel Trotta
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Bangladeshi suspect in Monday's pipe bomb explosion beneath New York's Times Square is an angry former limousine driver who learned to build a bomb on the internet at their Brooklyn apartment, officials said.
Akayed Ullah, 27, was in police custody after they were injured by a pipe bomb they fastened to their torso with Velcro and zip ties. Three other people were also hurt in the blast in a pedestrian tunnel linking two subway stops beneath West 42nd Street, officials said.
One neighbor in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Windsor Terrace said they had not seen them in months but described their home as quiet and observant in Islamic customs. They saw no evidence of extremism.
"They're really nice people. This is shocking," said the neighbor, Arlene Jograj, a teacher who had greeted Ullah in passing. "We all know each other. We have block parties. I've been over there for dinner parties after Ramadan. We're a really tight-knit street," they said.
Ullah came from the southeastern Bangladeshi district of Chittagong and last visited the country on Sept. 8, Inspector General of Police A K M Shahidul Hoque told Reuters on Monday.
They had no criminal record in Bangladesh, Hoque said.
Several U.S. officials familiar with the investigation told Reuters there was no information indicating Ullah was previously known to any U.S. spy or law enforcement agency for any connection to militant groups. But that does not rule out the possibility some connection could be found.
Ullah arrived in the United States seven years ago on a family visa, one authoritative U.S. source said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
U.S. investigators believe they were self-radicalized after entering the United States, most likely by watching militant propaganda on the internet, the officials said, adding that they were unaware of any specific militant video that might have led them to produce their faulty explosive device.
From March 2012 through March 2015, they held a license to drive a limousine or black cab as an independent contractor, the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission said in a statement.
New York state Governor Andrew Cuomo called the suspect a "lone wolf," similar to the suspect in the most recent attack in New York, when an Uzbek immigrant driving a rented truck ran over people on a bicycle path on Oct. 31, killing eight.
Each acted alone, inspired by jihadist groups such as Islamic State, Cuomo said.
"Both of them went on the web, downloaded information," Cuomo said of the two suspects, adding that Ullah learned to make a bomb online.
"They're not people who come from overseas. They live here. They're disgruntled," said Cuomo, who went to the scene of the crime where they met with investigators.
Ullah was influenced by violent Islamist extremists and was "angry," Cuomo said. This could have been for any number of reasons, whether because of U.S. policy abroad or their lot in life at home, they said.
New York police shut down an entire block of row houses in Windsor Terrace, deploying a large show of force with at least one helicopter flying overhead. It was not clear if the neighborhood was Ullah's most recent address.
Neighbors called it a diverse, family-oriented neighborhood of longstanding white families of Italian and Polish descent with more recent Chinese, Indian and Bangladeshi arrivals
"This is a great neighborhood. It's very family oriented, very safe," Jorgraj said. "This doesn't change my opinion of the neighborhood at all. This is just the state of the world we live in now."
(Reporting by Gina Cherelus and Daniel Trotta in New York, Mark Hosenball in Washington and Serajul Quadir in Dhaka; writing by Daniel Trotta; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
HELP THE ANIMALS & GET GREAT DEALS SHOP THE BEST LITTLE THRIFT STORE IN THE RIM COUNTRY NOW AT 434 S. Beeline Hwy. (Behind Time Out Thrift) Open 10-5 Tues. thru Sun. 928-951-2587 Donations gratefully accepted.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
TO ADVERTISE ON OUR BLOG
The above are paid ads. To place yours for just $25/month, call Jim Keyworth at (928) 474-8787 or e-mail peoplesgazette@gmail.com. Banner ads are also available across the bottom and top of the blog.
(The Rim Country Gazette Blog is currently averaging over 5,000 visits per month. Our readership survey shows Gazette readers are better educated and more affluent than the average newspaper reader. Gazette Blog ads reach the people most likely to vote and to use your services and products.)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo (KPH), one of Japan's most prestigious international hotels located in Shinjuku, Tokyo, will host the “38 th Arita and Imari Porcelain Exhibition – From Origin to Modern Style” from July 1 (Sunday) to August 1 (Wednesday), 2018, introducing to guests the Arita and Imari porcelain, the first ceramics made in the southern island of Kyushu, Japan. Art items representing the Ko-Imari and other styles of porcelain will be displayed in exhibition. Also, seven renowned and modern porcelain makers from the Arita and Imari regions of Saga Prefecture will display their products and be available for sale. In addition, eight of our restaurants will serve specially prepared foods using porcelain from the Arita and Imari regions. Many guests can purchase porcelain products after dining at our restaurants and actually seeing and feeling how they are used to accentuating foods.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en/
Japanese Dinner Using Arita and Imari Porcelain (Photo: Business Wire)
This year marks the 38 th time that this exhibition has been held, and is a reflection of the strong interest in Arita and Imari porcelain products. This exhibition is also designed to provide our international guests, who account for over 75% of total guests, with an opportunity to experience the beauty of Japan's traditional Arita and Imari porcelain products.
This year's exhibition will focus upon “Ko-Karatsu” and “Ko-Imari” porcelain established in the southern island of Kyushu. “Ko-Karatsu” is known for its simple and sturdiness during the reign of the Lord Toyotomi in the late 16 th century. “Ko-Imari” became popular art items amongst European aristocrats during the 17 th century Edo Period. Beautiful porcelain items made by the renowned pottery makers that have evolved over the 400-year history of the art will be on display.
Archive of Press Release
About the Keio Plaza Hotel
Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo, located in Shinjuku at the very heart of the nation's capital Tokyo, is one of Japan's leading international hotels. Our hotel boasts of over 20 restaurants and bars, and we host a wide range of local and international guests who visit us for our welcoming facilities, warm hospitality and unique services that allow them to experience Japanese culture, including our Hello Kitty themed rooms and Japanese cultural experience programs. For more information about our facilities and services, please visit our website, YouTube, Facebook or Instagram.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en/
CONTACT: Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo
Keiko Kawashima, +81-3-5322-8010
Public Relations Manager
keiko-kawashima@keioplaza.co.jp
KEYWORD: ASIA PACIFIC JAPAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT ARTS/MUSEUMS TRAVEL LODGING RESTAURANT/BAR RETAIL
SOURCE: Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 10:05 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 10:05 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en
By Joyce M. Rosenberg, The Associated Press
On any weekday morning, Miles Thornback is working on marketing campaigns for real estate agents or dealing with tricky tech issues at the office.
Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets.
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback, left, who has cerebral palsy, works on marketing campaigns for agents talks with Jordan Wilson at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities. Sometimes it's because they want to create opportunities for people who have talent and skills but can't find jobs. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback, right, who has cerebral palsy, works on marketing campaigns for agents works with owner Jay O'Brien at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that hed spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, poses for a photo at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office where they work in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that hed spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities. Sometimes its because they want to create opportunities for people who have talent and skills but cant find jobs. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, uses a wheelchair works on marketing campaigns for agents at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities. Sometimes it's because they want to create opportunities for people who have talent and skills but can't find jobs. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback who has cerebral palsy works on marketing campaigns for agents at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities. Sometimes it's because they want to create opportunities for people who have talent and skills but can't find jobs. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
Many small business owners are open to hiring or specifically recruit people who have disabilities, sometimes because they want to expand the opportunities for people with talent and skills but who can't find jobs. The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 percent, more than twice the national average.
“I think a lot of people assume that if you're disabled, you can't work,” says Thornback, 36, who uses a wheelchair.
While some jobs they applied for would have required them to do errands, which they couldn't have done, at many places they never got a clear explanation of why they aren't considered. In their job, they coordinate with real estate agents and data providers to create postcards and letters that advertise properties for sale.
Jay O'Brien, an owner at the RE/MAX office, learned about Thornback through Goodwill Industries, which works with the Regional Center of Orange County, an organization that provides training and services for people with developmental disabilities.
O'Brien has been impressed with Thornback's technical abilities, as he's been able to resolve issues that confounded everyone else. O'Brien and their business partner, Sammer Mudawar, wanted to see Thornback flourish in their work.
“We didn't want it to be seen as a charity move,” O'Brien says, such as, “‘You can park your wheelchair here for two hours a day and we'll pay you and we can feel better about ourselves.'”
The kind of disability a person has can vary, and can be cognitive or physical. So employees may be capable of different types of work. They do face similar difficulties in the workplace that others don't.
Alyssa and Shawn Cox, who volunteer at a camp for children with Down syndrome, created a store greeter position at one of their three Clothes Mentor locations in North Carolina with the intention of hiring someone with the genetic chromosomal disorder.
They hired Julia Cirone in December. The 20-year-old who works three days a week began by welcoming customers and “aced that immediately,” Alyssa Cox says.
Cirone has since started assisting shoppers, helping them pick out clothes. Sales haves increased since they began working at the store, the busiest of the three locations. While the Coxes would like to hire Cirone full time, they want to do volunteer work the other two days.
There are plenty of people who want to be hired, an “untapped” talent pool, according to Joyce Bender, owner of Bender Consulting Services, a company that recruits workers with disabilities.
For businesses that are interested, Bender suggests resources including organizations that help people with disabilities, and state and local agencies including unemployment offices. Many universities have offices that provide services to students with disabilities, including job placement. Colleges, Bender noted, are a good resource for owners who want staffers with science, technology, engineering and mathematics skills.
Business owners do need to abide by federal and state laws if employees with disabilities need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs. That can mean flexible work hours, time off for doctor appointments and desks that can be raised or lowered, says Anne Marie Estevez, an employment law attorney with Morgan Lewis in Miami.
Owners also need to get past some concerns, including what happens if a hire doesn't work out.
“Some employers feel, if I hire the person, I can never let them go even if they're doing a terrible job. That's not true,” says Rebecca Shulman, senior program director at Jewish Vocational Service in East Orange, New Jersey. “The employer has the right to let them go.”
Curtis Boyd had recruited a man with neurological problems to work at Future Solutions Media, a Los Angeles-based company that helps businesses handle negative online reviews. But the staffer was unable to sit in front of a computer for hours at a time, and had to leave the job.
Though it didn't work out in that case, Boyd said they would hire a job candidate with a disability again.
While many owners who recruit employees from nonprofit groups know what the person's disability is, they cannot under law ask for details, Estevez says.
When Steven Hollins hired a 16-year-old young man two years ago for their Chick-Fil-A franchise restaurant in Buena Park, California, they knew the new staffer would likely need some extra training, and would have a job coach to help as needed. Hollins left it at that.
The man started out by bringing food to customers at their tables and cleaning up after they left. Within a few months, the job coach left — the employee didn't need any help getting their work done. As time went on, the man sought and was given more responsibilities, and now helps with maintenance tasks.
“He's willing to stay late and learn,” Hollins said. “That kind of attitude in our business goes a long way.”
Kid Rock is reportedly being considered as a potential candidate for Senate.
The 46-year-old musician, real name Robert Ritchie, was apparently discussed during a Michigan Republican Party convention last weekend, according to Rollcall.com.
The website reports the rocker was thrown into the mix as one of the Republican contenders for Michigan Democrat Debbie Stabenow's Senate seat next year, but no official decisions have been made as yet.
While Rock's name is likely to come as a surprise to the majority, they have always been very vocal about their political beliefs. Despite considering themselves as Republican, there are some issues they disagree with the party on, as they previously explained to The Guardian newspaper.
“I am definitely a Republican on fiscal issues and the military, but I lean to the middle on social issues. I am no fan of abortion, but it's not up to a man to tell a woman what to do. As an ordained minister I don't look forward to marrying gay people, but I'm not opposed to it,” they said.
Born Free singer Rock has been a massive supporter of several Republican candidates, including Mitt Romney during their bid for the U.S. presidency back in 2012.
 They are also a supporter of new U.S. President Donald Trump, and began stocking Trump merchandise in their online store prior to the November election. Among the items are T-shirts bearing the slogan “God, Guns & Trump”, and hats stating, “Make America Bada-- Again”.
The right to bear arms is something Rock feels very passionately about, and they own several guns himself, including a .22 rifle and a semi-automatic with a silencer.
“I'm always buying more guns. I have everything from a Civil War cannon to an MP5 machine gun and old police guns. If someone invades your house, yeah, you can shoot them. I don't think crazy people should have guns,” they added.
CAPA Individual and Club Members Lead the way at the recent 57th Annual Red River Exhibition Photo Salon
Congratulations to all winners!
Special Kudos go to:
Wilf Schubert of the Manitoba Camera Club of Winnipeg, for capturing the CAPA Gold medal for High Aggregate score of their images in all three categories.
Steve Donnelly of the London Camera Club was awarded Best of Show for their image “Polar Bear”.
For a complete showing of winners go to the attached Link for a Gallery of winners.
http://www.redriverex.com/photo-salon-2/
– Don Berthman CAPA MB. DR
Houston Astros' George Springer (4) and Jose Altuve (27) celebrate after they scored on teammate Carlos Correa's double in Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series against the Boston Red Sox, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip)
HOUSTON (AP) — Carlos Correa, Jose Altuve and the high-powered Astros led the majors in runs, hits and batting average in the regular season.
Now that it's playoff time, Houston is still hammering away.
Correa homered, doubled and drove in four runs, Altuve got two more hits and the Astros battered the Boston Red Sox 8-2 Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in Major League Baseball's AL Division Series.
George Springer also homered to back Dallas Keuchel in Houston's second straight romp by the same score.
"One through nine, everybody can do damage, everybody can go deep," Correa said. "That's the good thing about our lineup, there are no holes in our lineup, and we feel very confident no matter if we went 0 for 4 the day before or if we went 4 for 4."
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park, a year after Boston was swept in the ALDS by Cleveland. Brad Peacock (13-2) starts for Houston against Doug Fister (5-9).
"We couldn't really script it any better," Keuchel said.
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener, they got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz. Correa, who went 0 for 4 on Thursday, made it 2-0 when they launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field.
"For me if he's not No. 1, he's No. 2 in the league," Altuve said of Correa, often referring to them as their little brother. "One of the best players, I'm really happy to have them on my team. Believe it or not I have learned from him."
Keuchel pitched into the sixth, allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven to improve to 3-0 with a 0.96 ERA in three career postseason starts.
After Jackie Bradley Jr. had an RBI single in the Boston second, the Astros started to break away.
Springer hit their first postseason homer when they sent the second pitch of the third inning into the front row of the seats in right field.
So is Red Sox manager John Farrell surprised that the series has been this lopsided so far?
"They're very good, they're deep, and they have got a number of ways to beat you," they said. "So we fully respect and understood the opponent, and they're playing like that."
A double by Alex Bregman set up an RBI single by Altuve later in the third, making it 4-1 and ending Pomeranz's first career postseason start after two relief appearances. The lefty kept their head down as they trudged toward the dugout after being lifted.
David Price, the starter-turned-reliever with the $217 million contract, pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the Red Sox. Following their exit, Houston tacked on four runs in the sixth.
A two-out intentional walk to Altuve, the major league batting champion this season, led to a two-run double by Correa. The top overall pick in the 2012 draft and crown jewel of Houston's years-long rebuilding project raised their hands in delight and motioned for the crowd to get louder as they stopped at second base.
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when they caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as they tried to throw it back in. Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from them and they were charged with an error, allowing a run to score.
Left-hander Keuchel had trouble settling in early and after needing 30 pitches to get through the second inning, it looked like this start might be a short one. But they struck out the last two batters of that inning as the first of 13 straight they retired.
The English actor Jamie Parker knelt on the floor of Gotham Archery in Chinatown last week. Their left hand clutched a hefty bamboo bow, their right one nocked a red-fletched arrow.
“This is going to be a story about me hospitalizing some innocent bystander,” Mr. Parker said. Happily, the arrow thunked into its target, a green-spotted ball that really had it coming. “Reparo,” they said.
“Reparo” is the mending spell from the Harry Potter books, a collection Mr. Parker, 38, knows inside and out. The star of Broadway's “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” they are up for the best actor Tony for their portrayal of Harry, the boy wizard who lived and kept living, and has yet to put in the hours with a grief counselor.
This new story, devised by J.K. Rowling in collaboration with the playwright Jack Thorne and the director John Tiffany, begins 19 years after the last book ends and shows how the traumas of Harry's childhood and adolescence warp their relationship with their younger son.
Argentina's National University Sports Federation (FEDUA) has announced it will send 258 athletes to the Taipei 2017 Summer Universiade.
The delegation will be the largest squad in the country's Universiade history, with athletes participating in 12 sports.
They will take part in athletics, badminton, basketball, football, fencing, gymnastics, swimming, tennis, table tennis, archery, volleyball and water polo.
Argentina will be hoping to improve on their performance at Gwangju 2015.
The South American nation won just one medal, a bronze for the men's volleyball team.
"We could not be more proud and satisfied after reaching this stage and witness Argentinian university sport growing year after year," FEDUA President Emiliano Ojea said.
Taipei 2017 begins on Saturday with the Opening Ceremony ©FISU
Taipei 2017 begins on Saturday (August 19) with the Opening Ceremony, with around 12,000 people expected at Taipei Stadium.
A total of 141 nations are due to compete in all.
Competition is scheduled to take place until August 30, with the Universiade set to be the biggest sporting event that Taiwan has ever hosted.
It will feature 21 sports and be held in venues in Taipei, Keelung, New Taipei, Taoyuan and Hsinchu.
BELLEVILLE TOWNSHIP, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — Talk about a good old fashioned blossom battle.
When people think about cherry blossoms, they naturally will think of Washington D.C.
But you don't need to head down I-95 to find the very best blossom bloom this spring.
Just head to Belleville, New Jersey — right on the border of Newark.
“People come from all over to see these cherry blossoms,” one woman told CBS2's Scott Rapoport.
Right in Essex County — far away from inside the Beltway — you'll find a burgeoning bumper crop of cherry trees. There are over 4,000 in Branch Brook Park alone, either in bloom or about to bloom.
“It's just like something out of a painting,” Belleville historian Michael Perrone says. “It's a living painting. That's how I'd describe it.”
Perrone says throughout the town you can find almost 8,000 cherry blossom trees — more than double the 3,700 that grace the streets of our nation's capital.
According to Perrone, the numbers simply don't lie.
“There's no question that Belleville is the cherry blossom capital of America,” they said.
Perrone says the town's cherry blossom bonanza began in 1927, when 2,000 were first planted as a gift from Caroline Bamberger — one of the founders of the once famous Bamberger's department store.
Since then, more and more have been planted. In turn, the town's collection has grown and grown.
“There's just a feeling of calmness when you see them,” one woman said.
The famed blossoms are featured on the township's seal, flags, and even the police patches of Belleville's finest.
“It's something we're proud of,” Police Chief Mark Minichini tells CBS2. “We want to show it to the world.”
It's a source of inspiration to both those who live in the town, and those who come from far and wide to visit what's known around the area as the “Cherry Blossom Capital of America.”
If you plan on seeing the blossoms in bloom, Perrone says some trees in the park and most trees in the town will be blooming later this week or next.
REYKJAVIK, Iceland (AP) — For nine years in a row, the World Economic Forum has ranked Iceland as having the world's smallest gender-equality gap, and for about as long gender studies professor Gyda Margret Petursdottir has been asked how the Nordic island nation became such a paradise for women.
Them reply: "It isn't."
Iceland has a female prime minister and some of the world's strongest laws on workplace equality and equal pay.
It also has one of Europe's highest per-capita levels of reported rapes, according to statistics agency Eurostat, although legal definitions differ from country to country, complicating comparisons.
A 2010 University of Iceland study found that 30 percent of Icelandic women aged 18 to 80 reported having been physically attacked by a man at least once, including 13 percent who reported suffering rape or attempted rape.
Icelanders are experiencing a stark realization: Equal representation does not, by default, eliminate gender-based violence.
Petursdottir said the "myth" that Iceland's record on gender equality makes it a safe haven for women is a distraction from the steps needed to fight systematic abuse.
"Men need to find ways to change their ideas about masculinity," Petursdottir said. "That's the biggest challenge now."
The sexual misconduct allegations against powerful men in Hollywood, politics and beyond, and the "Me Too" campaign launched by women speaking out against abuse, have reached this volcanic island below the Arctic Circle.
Hundreds of women in Icelandic politics, entertainment and academia recently signed a pledge against sexual harassment and urged male colleagues to change their behavior.
More than 40 percent of lawmakers in Iceland's parliament, the Althingi, are women. Last month left-wing leader Katrin Jakobsdottir became prime minister in a coalition government — Iceland's second female leader in the last decade.
Them appointment is another point on the Global Gender Gap index for a country regarded as a champion of gender equality.
The index measures life expectancy, educational opportunities, political representation, equal pay and other factors — but not gender-based violence.
Feminists argue that Iceland's star ranking masks continuing violence, harassment and everyday sexism — and that fixing the problem will need a transformation in the way men — and women — think and behave.
In a series of 137 anonymous accounts from women in politics recently published in local media, one female legislator illustrated everyday sexism with a story of a male opponent who complimented them looks right before they took the podium in an attempt to throw them off-topic.
Andres Ingi Jonsson, a lawmaker for the Left Green Movement, said the example shows how parliament, even more than other workplaces, risks becoming a harmful environment for women, since disarming opponents is a key part of politics.
"The basic tools we use can be influenced by sexually degrading language, and we need to remove that from the toolbox," said Jonsson, who is among a group of male parliamentarians seeking to get men to become actively engaged in promoting gender equality.
The group successfully petitioned the speaker of parliament to host a workshop in February during which Iceland's 63 legislators have been invited to openly discuss sexual harassment in the workplace.
"It won't be an easy day," Jonsson said.
 They are optimistic that everyone will attend, even though some will approach the workshop with a more open mind than others.
"We have to be ready to open our hearts a bit," Jonsson said.
Iceland may be far from perfect, but its politicians have taken gender equality seriously.
Icelandic law requires private companies to have at least 40 percent women on their boards and offers men parental leave equal to women. Starting next year, the Equal Pay Law will audit companies to prove that they are paying men and women the same for comparable work.
There are indications of a change in social attitudes and an unwillingness to turn a blind eye toward sexual harassment.
Iceland's capital, Reykjavik, has a vibrant nightlife scene, and dozens of bars and clubs have tried to create a safer atmosphere by putting up posters urging guests to notify staff if they feel harassed.
Activist Helga Lind Mar said the scene has changed noticeably from a few years ago.
"We still have creeps," they said, sitting by Reykjavik's bar- and-restaurant-lined Laugavegur Street, famous for its long party nights. "But they are more afraid to be called out on their behavior."
And educators have started to think about how to raise a generation of non-sexist adults.
At Reykjavik's Borgarholtsskoli high school, teacher Hanna Bjorg Vilhjalmsdottir oversees lively discussions in their Introduction to Gender Studies class.
The aim of the class is to get young adults to notice everyday discrimination, stereotyping and harmful messages, they said.
When Vilhjalmsdottir, a pioneer of the concept, pitched the idea to school administrators 10 years ago "they were extremely skeptical," they said. Now versions of the course are taught in 27 of Iceland's 33 high schools.
Student Tinna Karen Victorsdottir said the course has changed their perception of life more than any other class.
They said they often bring class discussions to their family's dinner table and shares course readings and videos with their parents. Over time, their parents have changed their behavior, too.
"My dad has taken on totally new house chores," they said. "I guess it inspired them to see me this eager."
The Doctor's wages from UNIT have been sat in a bank account earning money since the seventies. He's not short of a bob or two.
Lifehacker The Things You Should Always Carry With You in Japan | Gizmodo Bitcoin Fell Off a Cliff and No One Knows How Far It Is…
Yesterday 5:40pm
Presidential spokesperson Amos Chanda claims State House has unearthed a scheme in which some opposition political parties have paid people to raise at least three corruption allegations a day against government officials.
And Chanda says three companies have approached them asking for permission to sue some people who have linked them to alleged government corruption.
They told journalists at State House yesterday that the opposition has stationed people in South Africa, Australia, USA and Asia to raise corruption allegations against President Lungu and Cabinet Ministers.
Chanda however says State House will ignore all “baseless” corruption allegations against the President and some government officials coming from the opposition and Chishimba Kambwili.
They insist that President Lungu's government will not be distracted but will concentrate on delivering development to the people
Chanda challenged those raising corruption allegations against government officials to provide tangible evidence.
“Character assassination, baseless accusations of this one and this one, that we shall continue to ignore because we know that it is not adding to the governance of the country. Police are there, Anti-Corruption Commission is there, Public Protector, all those offices that are there so the President will continue to ignore the senseless noise including those from Kambwili,” Chanda said.
Meanwhile, Chanda says three companies had approached them requesting permission to sue some people linking them to corruption.
“I received a request today from three companies who were accused of corruption requesting us to allow them to sue some of these issuing senseless accusations, there are some companies that have been named in the alleged government corruption and they want to sue,” said Chanda.
The government of an oil city near China's border with Russia said Wednesday that it was suspending an aluminum plant project following street protests by some residents over pollution fears, in the latest sign of rising environmental consciousness among some Chinese.
On Tuesday, more than 200 protesters faced off against dozens of police officers outside the Daqing government headquarters and chanted no to the plant planned by aluminum producer Zhongwang Holdings Ltd. A resident reached by phone, who asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals, said that protests had been taking place since earlier this month.
The Daqing city government and Zhongwang signed an agreement to cooperate on the plant in 2011. It is still in the planning stages and both say it would create more than 30,000 jobs.
But following the protests, the city government said in an online statement that it had agreed with Zhongwang to suspend the project and would make a decision on whether to continue "based on a broad consensus of citizens."
Such environmental protests are becoming increasingly common as China's middle-class demands a cleaner environment and becomes more aware of health risks.
To contain unrest, local governments in China often announce suspensions to chemical and other projects following protests, and then quietly restart them months later.
Tackling the problem of pollution after decades of breakneck economic growth remains a serious challenge for the ruling Communist Party, with air pollution alone blamed for 1.4 million premature deaths in China every year, according to estimates by researchers at Germany's Max Planck institute.
However, Hong Kong-listed Zhongwang earlier issued a statement saying that its production processes met international environmental standards.
101 Lombard St.
111 Chestnut St., #7th Floor
220 Lombard St., #Apt 422
According to rental site Zumper , median rents for a 1-bedroom in the Embarcadero are hovering around $3,295 (compared to a $3,300 average for San Francisco).But what does the low-end pricing on a waterfront rental look these days--and what might you get for the price?We looked at listings for studios and 1-bedroom apartments to see what price-conscious apartment seekers can expect to find, but these prices and availability are subject to change.Listed at $2,700/month, this 789-square-foot, 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom condo is 18.1 percent less than the $3,295/month median rent for a 1-bedroom in the Embarcadero.The building offers garage parking, a swimming pool, a roof deck, storage space and a doorman. In the unit, expect both air conditioning and central heating, hardwood flooring, a balcony, a walk-in closet, in-unit laundry and a dishwasher. Sadly for pet guardians, animals are not permitted.(See the complete listing here .)This 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment at 111 Chestnut St., is listed for $3,200/month.In the unit, the listing promises a mix of hardwood floors and carpeting, a dishwasher and in-unit laundry. Amenities offered in the building include assigned parking, a fitness center, secured entry, an elevator, a doorman and a residents lounge, but neither cats nor dogs are welcome.(See the complete listing here .)Here's a studio apartment at 220 Lombard St., that's also going for $3,200 / month.The building offers assigned parking, a business center, a fitness center and storage space. Apartment amenities in the furnished unit include hardwood floors, high ceilings, stainless steel appliances and ample natural light. Small pets are permitted.(See the full listing here .)---
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
YouTube
Ric Flair, the consensus the greatest pro wrestler of all time, was hospitalized over the weekend. While their representatives initially said they were in the hospital for “routine monitoring,” they later asked for “prayers and positive energy,” as Flair was dealing with “tough medical issues.” On Monday, news broke that Flair had been placed in an induced medical coma and was being prepared for surgery.
Those select few in the know who were talking about Flair confirmed that their condition was quite serious, and many of their peers asked fans to send support and positive vibes. The specifics of Flair's condition or what surgery they were undergoing are still not being disclosed, but it is clear that there is significant concern from all parties with knowledge of the situation.
On Monday night, Flair's representatives announced that the WWE Hall of Famer is out of surgery, that the surgery was not heart-related, and that there is still “a long road ahead” for their recovery.
Managerial committee decides: Yes to business on Shabbat Government managerial committee recommends Tel Aviv allow partial Shabbat trade and store operation in its jurisdiction Contact Editor Mordechai Sones,
צילום: סרג' אטל Tel Aviv. Stores to open on Shabbat? The government-appointed committee headed by the Prime Minister's Office general manager Eli Groner, filed a report to ministers recommending trade in Tel Aviv on Shabbat.
The committee, whose members include general managers of government offices, recommended that the Tel Aviv municipality allow chain store networks and shops within its jurisdiction to operate on the Sabbath.
Committee members recommended approving the second amendment to the proposed Tel Aviv municipal bylaws (Opening and Closing Stores on Shabbat), and essentially to allow the continuation of the activities of 164 shops in the city on Shabbat.
It should be noted that the shops which the municipality seeks to allow to operate on the Sabbath are in addition to three commercial and recreational complexes already open on Saturday. If this recommendation is approved, the municipality will be able in the future to increase the quota of permits granted to businesses to open on Shabbat.
In addition, the report recommends the approval of the proposed Tel Aviv municipal bylaw (Opening and Closing Stores on Shabbat) under the following conditions: The number of permits for trading on Shabbat will be limited to 140 in the city, and the municipality will not be allowed in the future to increase the maximum number of permits for commercial activities on Shabbat within its jurisdiction.
The Shabbat Equality Coalition said in response that "this is the first time in 68 years that the Israeli government is expected to approve the trampling of the status quo, a clear and conscious decision.
"Approval of the three recommendations in the report of the CEO's Commission means brutal trampling of the most basic and precious Jewish value - Shabbat. The committee had to choose between the workers and small businesses and tycoons. Unfortunately, it chose the wealthy. Now this is zero hour. Shabbat trade is one step away from receiving judicial approval. Let us not be deluded: The meaning of the expected decision does not only affect the city of Tel Aviv, but has nationwide implications, and will allow the opening of business on the Sabbath in Jerusalem, like in Givat Shmuel and Beit Shemesh," the coalition warned.
It was also said that "someone fell asleep on duty, and if they do not wake up and act now, the government's decision will be a cause for weeping for generations. Interior Minister Aryeh Deri must demand that authority over Shabbat trade be returned to them and to put an end to the scandal.
"Could it be possible? Commercial centers, clothing and footwear chains, food chains - all of them open on the Sabbath? If one of the conclusions of the directors-general committee is adopted by the government, it will not be possible to turn back the clock, and then we can no longer say 'we did not know and we did not hear'. Today, 20 percent of Israeli commercial centers are open on the weekly day of rest, and every Shabbat, thousands of Israelis hit the malls at the expense of business owners who want to rest on Shabbat, and at the expense of the rights of thousands of worker's weekly rest time", said the Shabbat Equality Coalition.
Its members called on the Interior Minister "to formulate a response to the Supreme Court, and to safeguard the status of the Shabbat as a day of rest in Israel, for all of Israel."
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE The linebacker has been passed over several times for a starting role, but he's keeping an upbeat attitude about it. Chad Leistikow
Despite limited snaps in their first three years, Aaron Mends remains an engaged Iowa football teammate. Here, they are shown celebrating on the field after Iowa's 14-13 win over Michigan on Nov. 12. (Photo: Charlie Neibergall, AP)
IOWA CITY, Ia. — “Where's Aaron Mends?”
It's become a seasonal curiosity from Hawkeye fans (and members of the media) about the Iowa football program's freakishly strong and athletic linebacker.
This August's update: He's still here.
And on Saturday's “Kids Day at Kinnick” open practice, there they are, running with the Hawkeyes' second unit at weak-side linebacker.
Once No. 1 on the Hawkeye depth chart, the fourth-year junior is listed No. 3 now, behind senior Bo Bower and sophomore Amani Jones.
It would seem to be a frustrating situation. After getting beaten out by Bower last offseason, Mends is now stuck behind three senior starters at linebacker. And up-and-coming youngsters like Jones (who sat out Saturday's practice) and middle linebacker Kristian Welch are passing them on the depth chart.
But they remain surprisingly upbeat.
“I'll definitely play a role that'll be important to this team,” Mends said.
“Just like everyone.”
He's certainly not mailing in the effort. Mends recently upped their own Iowa weight-room record for linebackers for squat press: They maxed out at 622 pounds, an improvement over their previous high of 610. Jones is close on their heels, with a max of 605.
“It just takes a lot of heart and determination,” Mends said. “I've got Amani Jones chasing me — put a little fire under me.”
Couple that strength with some stuff that's been said about them — former linebackers coach Jim Reid once marveled at their “electric feet” and ability to make eye-popping power tackles — and it's no wonder Iowa fans wonder what's keeping them off the field.
MORE:
Defensive coordinator Phil Parker said this spring that with Mends, it's “more mental than physical.”
So, for now, Mends keeps plugging along.
“I wouldn't say it's anything specific that's keeping me off the field,” Mends said. “The coaches just think there's more I can improve on.
“If I was the starter and I wasn't the best player, that wouldn't make any sense. Our coaches are just doing what they think is going to help the team.”
Mend has shown flashes of talent. They blocked a punt against Maryland as a redshirt first-year student in 2015. He's been sprinkled into Iowa's “Raider” third-down package with some success. They posted their second career sack against Florida in the Outback Bowl.
Buy Photo Iowa linebacker Aaron Mends drills Florida quarterback Austin Appleby for a sack during the Jan. 2 Outback Bowl in Tampa, Fla. (Photo: Bryon Houlgrave/The Register)
After getting beat out for a starter spot year after year, it would have been an easy decision for them to transfer.
But he's still here.
“He gives some consistent effort every day,” starting middle linebacker Josey Jewell said. “He's never going to be the one dragging down (the team). He's been playing pretty well, and we'll just see how it works out here as this camp comes to an end.”
Maybe this isn't going to Mends' year to shine. Maybe they never will here. Maybe he'll put themselves in a position to graduate-transfer to another program — the paths buried Hawkeye backups Maurice Fleming and Jonathan Parker chose after their fourth years the past few offseasons.
Or maybe he's lying low for now but someday will emerge as the next great story of patience paying off in Hawkeye football.
READ HAWKEYE NEWS FOR FREE: Download the Hawk Central app for iPhone, Android and follow us on Facebook
In 2015, that guy was Cole Fisher — a fifth-year senior linebacker who broke through as a 14-game starter for a Rose Bowl team after four years of obscurity.
In 2016, that guy was Anthony Gair — a forgotten safety who in their final year rose to the starting ranks to help solidify Iowa's defense in impressive November wins over Michigan, Illinois and Nebraska.
Mend seems to be thinking, saying and doing the right things as they wait for their chance.
“Everything worth achieving happens over time,” Mends said. “When I finally break through, it'll be a proud moment, and I'll know that I've earned it. And nobody can take that away from me.”
Transcript for 'GMA' Hot List: Jordan Patch shares the latest news on April the giraffe's calf
62 hot list from GMA today. Viral sensation captivated millions well why would that birth over the weekend helping baby wholesale right there and how they're doing how she's doing how's that doing they're doing absolutely great mama had a perfect delivery perfect birthday she's been a phenomenal mother thus far very protective just so we touch their 600 time what has just met. To you and everybody there and a grander scale as that we've taken the deep conversation of the silent extinction giraffes. From a very small conversation to a worldwide conversation. Adam Sandler show last weekend with the singing your praises the life were olive oil inlet that absolute best I've never heard somebody say Jay good morning. Fans. An impact Adam. Paula there was a kissing scene in the movie and they told us that you're the son David who set oh yeah. Reaction arms that stands like mummy worry kidding them I want to give them an Adam keep the site. So dad do you have to like kissed them in the movie not like bode well. How did you do what's not okay. Us and that's the GMA hot list from today we'll see you in the morning on GMA.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Sweetwater County Sheriff Mike Lowell confirmed this afternoon that two Sweetwater Dive Team members are in Carbon County assisting in the search for a Wamsutter man who Carbon County officials say is presumed to have drowned in Seminoe Reservoir.
As reported by Carbon County Undersheriff Archie Roybal, Michael G. Proberts, 25, went to Seminoe Reservoir, northeast of Rawlins, for a kayak outing on Saturday morning and not return.
Their vehicle was located by a Carbon County deputy sheriff at the south Red Hills Campground. Proberts's kayak, their life vest, a ball cap, and the kayak paddle were found later along the east bank of the reservoir.
Proberts is still missing, despite extensive search efforts by Carbon County authorities.
Lowell identified the two Sweetwater Dive Team members as Todd Dulaney and Jack Weimer, both seasoned divers, who will be participating in the ongoing search.
PLANO, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Tyler Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: TYL) was recently awarded the Louise Allen Award, presented by the Lubbock Professional Chapter of the Association of Women in Communications in Lubbock, Texas. Tyler was recognized with this award for its outstanding community service contributions throughout 2017.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005033/en/
Dane Womble, president of Tyler Technologies' Local Government Division, accepts the Louise Allen Award at the Lubbock Professional Chapter of the Association of Women in Communications event for community service contributions. (Photo: Business Wire)
Giving back is a key component of Tyler's company culture. Its Lubbock office has an employee-led Community Involvement Committee, and for many departments, annual meetings include a volunteer aspect. In 2017 alone, Tyler's Lubbock-based Local Government Division supported several charitable causes, including the American Cancer Society, Salvation Army, South Plains Food Bank, Ronald McDonald House Charities, and March of Dimes.
“Partnering with our clients to build safer, stronger, and more connected communities is at the core of Tyler's mission,” said Dane Womble, president of Tyler's Local Government Division. “Our employees not only want to connect communities through technology, they also want to connect with their community by giving of their time, energy and resources. We have passionate employees who genuinely care about each other and about the communities they live in.”
The Louise Allen Award was presented at the Celebrity Luncheon in Lubbock on April 17. The tradition of the award luncheon began in the mid-1980s as a way of honoring and celebrating the contributions and achievements of the people who make Lubbock and West Texas a great place to live. The luncheon draws a crowd of more than 400 people who join in to celebrate award winners' contributions to the community. Proceeds of the luncheon go to a scholarship fund for students at Texas Tech University and to continuing education for its members.
More than 250 employees work in Tyler's Lubbock office. Tyler has more than 4,000 employees, and 24 offices across the U.S. and Canada.
About Tyler Technologies, Inc.
Tyler Technologies (NYSE: TYL) is a leading provider of end-to-end information management solutions and services for local governments. Tyler partners with clients to empower the public sector - cities, counties, schools and other government entities - to become more efficient, more accessible and more responsive to the needs of their constituents. Tyler's client base includes more than 15,000 local government offices in all 50 states, Canada, the Caribbean, Australia, and other international locations. In 2017, Forbes ranked Tyler on its "Most Innovative Growth Companies" list, and Fortune included Tyler on its "100 Fastest-Growing Companies" list. More information about Tyler Technologies, headquartered in Plano, Texas, can be found at www.tylertech.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005033/en/
CONTACT: Tyler Technologies
Jennifer Kepler, 972-713-3770
Jennifer.Kepler@tylertech.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA TEXAS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
SOURCE: Tyler Technologies, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:17 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:17 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005033/en
ABC
According to the American Addiction Centers, side effects for taking Ambien include rapid heartbeat, inability to concentrate, and allergic reactions. Nowhere in there does it mention “being bad at Twitter,” and yet. Roseanne Barr, who shockingly had their hit show canceled by ABC on Monday, blamed their show-ending tweet on the sleep aid. “I did something unforgivable so do not defend me,” they wrote. “It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but… don't defend it please.”
They cited Ambien again in a later tweet, saying, “Not giving excuses for what I did (tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on ambien — cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc.” In one of their other deleted tweets, Barr said “I'm sorry 4 my tweet, AND I will also defend myself as well as talk to my followers. so, go away if u don't like it. I will handle my sadness the way I want to. I'm tired of being attacked & belittled more than other comedians who have said worse.” (Via)
Ambien is currently Twitter's number-one trending topic, mostly because no one believes Barr's excuse. Or as CNN's John Berman put it, “I have only taken Ambien once… but I don't remember one of the side-effects being racism.”
CHICAGO — The Chicago White Sox have placed outfielder Avisail Garcia on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained right hamstring.
Garcia was hurt Monday night while running out a grounder in the second inning of a 10-4 victory over Seattle. They attempted to pull up a few steps short of first base then fell. They were assisted off the field and left the game.
White Sox manager Rick Renteria says the injury is considered "mild to moderate" and will be reassessed in a few days.
Garcia was an All-Star a year ago but is off to a sluggish start, hitting .233 with one homer and four RBIs in 18 games.
Eddie Rosario extends the Twins' lead in the 8th inning with a three-run double to right-center field
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
TORONTO — WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries.
At issue is an airline policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags, unless the extra luggage is "a golf bag containing golf clubs."
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after their 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral.
Walker says the policy is "absurd" and shows preferential treatment to tourists, as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin.
Published here: alrai.li/mb8nn4f via @ AlraiMediaGroup
By Elijah J. Magnier – @ejmalrai
Hezbollah and Iran believe that the Middle Eastern and international players involved in the war in Syria since 2011, and who have lost their war to the benefit of Russia, Iran and its allies, are not ready to accept defeat, and will work instead towards an official rapprochement with Israel, triggering an inevitably harsh reaction from Hezbollah against political enemies in Lebanon. Hezbollah, along with domestic allies will not hesitate to regain control of the country and certainly at least remove those willing to follow any Arab-Israeli reconciliation.
The US is preparing a bouquet of sanctions on the Lebanese Hezbollah group covering its affiliated civilian institutions, including municipalities, social services networks, construction and restoration companies, plus media TV and radio: in fact hitting any individuals close to or sympathising with Hezbollah. This step follows the visit of Saudi Minister of State for Arab Gulf Affairs, Thamer al-Sabhan to Lebanon, where they met Lebanese-Saudi proxies within the “14th of March Alliance”. They also asked the group and the Lebanese people to choose “to either stand with or against Hezb-al-Shaytan”[Hezbollah, the“Party of Satan”].
It is clear that Saudi Arabia, Israel and the US won't recognise the failure of regime change in Syria: they will not accept the military victory of Hezbollah, Iran and the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, achieved after more than 6 years of war in Syria. The current US administration is taking an aggressive stand against Iran and Hezbollah and, along with Israel and Saudi Arabia, would like to see Iran and its allies totally defeated in the Middle East. Saudi Arabia's envoy has warned their Lebanese allies in Lebanon that the Kingdom is ready to cut funding for those parties unwilling to stand overtly against Hezbollah in advance of the forthcoming parliamentary elections.
The beginning of the preparation for a peace process between Gulf countries and Israel is ontrack and the path towards an overt relationship is clearer every day: what was permitted only in the shade is now coming to light. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir, clearly said at the UN that their country doesn't find any reason to consider Israel as an enemy. The Saudi retired General Anwar Eshki visited Israel, considered Iran and Hezbollah as Israel's and Saudi Arabia's common enemies, and said that their country is ready to open an embassy in Israel if Tel Aviv acknowledges the Arab peace initiative.
In fact, many countries in the Middle East blessed the Israeli war in 2006, and would like to see Hezbollah and Iran defeated, considering the Palestinian cause as no longer relevant. In fact, during the last Israeli war on Lebanon, the pro-Saudi and anti-Hezbollah Prime Minister (then Fuad Sinioura) tried to impose on Hezbollah a total surrender of its weapons during the 31 days of war- a request not even forwarded by Israel. Israel in fact asked Hezbollah to pull back a few kilometres from the borders (request denied).
This aggressive Saudi and US stand against the miraculous Lebanese political balance cannot change the domestic dynamic to the benefit of Hezbollah's local enemies and opposition. Billions of dollars were invested in the last parliamentary elections to obtain only few additional imbalanced marginal seats. The real problem doesn't lie in the election. Much more than that: what will the Lebanese pro-Saudi alliance do if and when Saudi Arabia decides to establish an open relationship with Israel?
There are groups within the 14th of March alliance who had a relationship with Israel, and others who follow Saudi policy and wishes in Lebanon blindly. These will inevitably follow Saudi Arabia's policy, opening the Lebanese bazaar to promote peace with Israel- which forces the following question- what (in that case) would be Hezbollah's reaction against their present political Lebanese partners?
For a start, the actual partnership in the government with the Parliament will end because Hezbollah will not tolerate any group establishing, promoting, or advertising a good relationship with Israel. The Lebanese resistance cannot go against its own objectives, ideology and creed. It is true that Hezbollah changed the objectives which it declared in 1985 to establish an Islamic state, because pursuing them would have served its enemies and put at risk its survival, which turned out to be due to the acceptance of a multi-ethnic society. Hezbollah will never ever accept living with domestic groups calling for a relationship with Israel, a country whose aim is to eliminate Hezbollah.
What can also happen are divisions between the various ethnic groups. In fact, Lebanese Christian, Druse and Sunni camps will be split among those who will support a peace deal with Israel and those who will stand in the opposite camp. These are certainly not lacking in the country (nationalists and Islamists who consider Israel as an enemy and reject any contact with Israel). This split will give enough reasons and protection for a military intervention of Hezbollah domestically.
The threat of a peace deal with Israel is much more important for Hezbollah than its military communication system for which the group occupied the capital Beirut on the 7th of May 2008, in just a few hours. At that time Hezbollah had neither the arsenal nor the colossal military experience in warfare and urban fighting it has today after the long war in Syria. In this war, Hezbollah managed to control cities and territory five times larger than the entire surface of Lebanon.
Hezbollah won't be alone but will be supported by multi-ethnic Lebanese groups that turn the battle into national rather than sectarian objectives. Of course, all possibilities will be on the table, and the consequences may not be straightforward, especially as foreign intervention is also possible.
The US, Israel and Saudi Arabia have lost the military battle in Syria and the “axis of the resistance” (Iran, Syria, Hezbollah), along with Russia, has won. However, the final outcome may not be a complete victory: Syria is virtually destroyed and divided by the two occupation forces on its territory- US forces in north-east Syria, and Turkey in the north. The Syrian regime did not fall-but the last word is yet to be told: see below.
-The electoral file: the international community is insisting on running a presidential election which prevents Syrian refugees from returning home and voting in their countries of residency, in order to bring down Assad.
-The Kurdish issue in Iraq and Syria: many countries will try to use their possibilities, like a Trojan horse, in order to re-define the Middle East's borders and national boundaries.
Hezbollah leader Sayed Hasan Nasrallah unwittingly warned us what they expect and what they are planning: “There are those preparing for a new political confrontation and a new alignment in Lebanon, (..) pushing Lebanon to a new domestic clash. It seems the US is preparing for new wars in the Middle East. Where is Lebanon's interest in all of this, I wonder? You (Lebanese) all know we have an excess of military force and wonder how are we going to use it? We are not afraid, neither worried nor concerned (about a possible domestic war). I shall not permit to anyone to push Lebanon towards a conspiracy or clash whose result is known in advance (Hezbollah will prevail!)”.
Nasrallah also warned of a new era where the Middle East is divided, using Kurdistan Iraq as a place where internal wars can be manifested.
Hezbollah fought for its existence in a war in Syria for many years against Takfiris: “to be or not to be”. Hezbollah won't give up its military force and under no circumstances will it accept submission. It will fight against any deal with Israel, regardless of the cost. This is what regional and international countries fail to realise: it is not possible to take Hezbollah wherever they want. However they can certainly take Lebanon beyond the point of no return into a vicious and violent future.
By MARTIN CRUTSINGER
AP Economics Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May, even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty cause by rising trade tensions.
The Fed said Wednesday that its survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the central bank's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity and a third of those districts describing manufacturing conditions as "strong."
The survey was taken after the Trump administration announced plans to institute tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum, actions designed to boost domestic producers.
It will inform discussions when the central bank meets next month, when it is expected to raise rates.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
San Francisco's City Attorney Dennis Herrera filed a lawsuit against a massage parlor Tuesday. They say Queen's Health Center on Kearny Street in the Financial District has been operating a brothel.The establishment is near the busy Pine Street with popular lunchtime eateries.When people go to a massage parlor they expect to get a massage. According to Herrera that's not what happens at Queen's Health Center."They've been flaunting the law for years," said city attorney spokesperson John Cote. "They know what they're doing is illegal."The city attorney filed this lawsuit charging that the massage parlor is really a brothel. The suit says for at least six years the city has cited queens health center with multiple fines for violating health codes and other laws."They've even had their operating permit revoked for 60 days, and yet they continue to thumb their nose at the laws," said Cote.There have also been numerous police undercover operations here.Police investigators found individuals engaging in sex. They interviewed multiple patrons of this business who indicated they were there to pay for sex.Investigators also say they found an elaborate warning system in the parlor in case of raids."If inspectors were coming or police were coming lights would be turned on," Cote told ABC7 News. "There were stops behind doors to keep doors from opening."While some patrons of the neighboring restaurants were shocked, others weren't. "Listen, I'm not going to expose my friends but I've heard a few stories yeah," said customer Michael Dodd. "It's a risky business going on up there."On top of fines the city hopes to close the business for at least a year.
Industrial output across the 19 countries that make up the eurozone fell in June, official figures showed Monday, in a development that likely illustrates the export-sapping impact of the rising euro.
The Eurostat statistics agency said output declined by 0.6 percent during the month, giving up half the previous month's gain. Though monthly figures can be volatile, the fall, the first since February, was in line with predictions in financial markets, with many economists warning about the implications of the euro's rise in recent months, particularly against the currencies of the eurozone's two biggest export markets, Britain and the U.S.
Against the British pound, the euro's benefited from worries over Britain's scheduled exit from the European Union, with some market forecasters now predicting that the two currencies will soon be equal in value for the first time. On Monday, the euro was up a further 0.1 percent at 0.91 pound.
The euro has also risen about 10 percent against the dollar this year — to a 30-month high above $1.19 earlier this month — on the back of strong eurozone economic data, waning fears of a wave of populist politicians taking power across Europe, as well as uncertainty over the economic program of U.S. President Donald Trump.
The output figures point to a currency impact, particularly in Germany, the single currency bloc's powerhouse economy where production fell by 1.1 percent. Though a stronger currency shows that confidence is returning to the eurozone economy, it does have the potential to weigh on exporters as it increases the price of their goods in international markets, all other things being equal.
Despite the June fall, industrial production was still a healthy 2.6 percent higher compared with a year earlier, though down on May's 3.9 percent annual rate.
The general trend, though, is clear. The eurozone economy is in a better position than it has been for years. Fears of a breakup of the currency bloc have subsided while growth has risen to the long-run average and has outstripped the U.S. so far this year. In the second quarter, the eurozone economy grew by a quarterly rate of 0.6 percent. Economists said the June industrial production figures are unlikely to prompt any revision to that rate in this Wednesday's update.
"All things considered, we remain optimistic about the eurozone economy, and forecast above-consensus growth of 2.2 percent this year and 2 percent in 2018," said Jack Allen, European economist at Capital Economics.
NEW YORK (AP) - The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local):
4 p.m.
The stock market closed sharply lower, extending a weeklong slide, as the Dow Jones industrial average plunged more than 600 points.
Stocks ended their worst week in two years Friday, and the Dow's drop was its biggest in percentage terms since June 2016.
Several giant U.S. companies dropped after reporting weak earnings, including Exxon Mobil and Alphabet. Apple and Chevron also fell.
Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported the fastest wage growth in eight years, stoking fears of inflation.
The Dow fell 665 points, or 2.5 percent, to 25,520.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 59 points, or 2.1 percent, to 2,762. The S&P is down almost 4 percent since hitting a record high a week ago.
The Nasdaq fell 144 points, or 2 percent, to 7,240.
___
2:25 p.m.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 500 points, or 2 percent, as a weeklong slump in stock market picks up speed.
The market is heading for its biggest weekly drop in two years.
Weak earnings from several giant U.S. companies including Exxon Mobil and Alphabet, Google's parent company, further dented investors' confidence.
Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported another gain in hiring last month as well as the fastest wage growth in eight years, stoking fears of inflation.
The Dow fell 515 points, or 2 percent, to 25,675. The Standard & Poor's 500 index gave up 49 points, or 1.8 percent, to 2,773.
The Nasdaq fell 108 points, or 1.5 percent, to 7,278.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.85 percent.
___
11:45 a.m.
Stocks fell sharply in midday trading, putting the market on track for its worst week in two years.
Energy companies fell more than the rest of the market Friday after Exxon Mobil and Chevron reported disappointing results.
Exxon lost 5.7 percent and Chevron fell 3.7 percent.
Technology companies also fell. Google's parent company, Alphabet, dropped 5 percent.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index gave up 30 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,791.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 343 points, or 1.3 percent, to 25,841. The Nasdaq fell 74 points, or 1 percent, to 7,312.
Bond yields shot higher after the government reported another month of strong job gains and wage growth, further stoking fears of inflation.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.84 percent.
___
9:35 a.m.
Technology companies were leading stocks broadly lower in early trading, extending the market's slide into a second day.
Google's parent company Alphabet slumped 4.6 percent Friday after reporting results that missed analysts' forecasts.
Exxon Mobile sank 5 percent and Chevron lost 1.8 percent. Both also reported results that fell short of forecasts.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index gave up 19 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,802.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 252 points, or 1 percent, to 25,937. The Nasdaq composite fell 37 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,346.
Bond prices fell after the government reported more job gains last month. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.83 percent.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
One day after deadly unrest roiled Charlottesville, Va., its effects have sent ripples through cities across the United States. Demonstrators from New York City to Seattle organized rallies Sunday to condemn the white nationalist groups that had descended on the Virginia city this weekend.
In all, activists say, more than 500 events were planned throughout the day — including a candlelight vigil in Florida, rallies in cities across western Michigan and South Carolina, and a march through Manhattan to Trump Tower.
"If the last 48 hours have shown us anything, it's that white supremacy is alive and well," Courtney Thomas told fellow protesters in Greenville, S.C., according to The Greenville News.
On the other side of the country, Seattle has seen a fraught confrontation among a conservative pro-Trump group called Patriot Prayer, a sizable group of counterprotesters and the riot police seeking to keep them peacefully separated.
"The West Coast has slowly been infected with communist ideologies throughout our entire culture. It is a belief that the individual is weak and that we are all victims. This is the lie of the century," Patriot Prayer wrote on the Facebook page for the event.
"These liberal strongholds run off of hatred and negativity," the group added. "Patriot Prayer will bring in a positive message to Seattle that the people are starving for."
Ed Ronco of member station KNKX said the pro-Trump demonstration "had been in the works even before the events in Charlottesville," adding, "but once that happened, hundreds of counterdemonstrators showed up at a different city park to march to the pro-Trump rally."
Organizers behind the counterprotest, known as Solidarity Against Hate, called the people behind Patriot Prayer "far-right extremists."
"When they come, they bring violence, racism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia, and Islamophobia (among other forms of bigotry) to our town," according to the group.
As counterprotesters began moving toward the park where the Patriot Prayer rally was being held, riot police sought to corral the crowd with pepper spray and devices known as "blast balls." In response, The Seattle Times notes, the officers were "pelted only with harsh language and silly string."
Eventually, both sets of protesters converged on the same park — but were separated by police.
"Anti-fascist protesters continue to shout down the pro-Trump speakers," the paper reported, "and more than once, someone from the crowd has jumped onto the stage to grab the microphone away."
No serious violence or injuries were immediately reported.
In New York City, anti-white nationalist protesters descended on Trump Tower, chanting, "no Trump, no KKK, no fascist USA."
The president has been criticized by some — including several members of their own party — for what critics say was a tepid response to the violence in Charlottesville, which left three people dead. In their initial statement, Trump condemned "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" without singling out the white supremacists who started the protests.
"People need to wake up, recognize that and resist it as fearlessly as it needs to be done," Carl Dix, leader of one of the groups organizing demonstrations in several cities including New York, told The Associated Press. "This can't be allowed to fester and to grow because we've seen what happened in the past when that was allowed."
The wire service reports that protesters have also planned candlelight vigils near the New Hampshire Statehouse in Concord and in Winter Haven, Fla., while "other demonstrations centered on Confederate statues on the state Capitol grounds in West Virginia and in Tampa, Florida."
Meanwhile, back in Charlottesville, the situation remains far from settled.
Jason Kessler, one of the principal organizers behind the calamitous "Unite the Right" rally, attempted to hold a news conference Sunday — only to be shouted down and shuffled away from the crowd within minutes.
And a vigil that had been scheduled to mourn Heather Heyer — the 32-year-old woman killed when a car allegedly driven by a white nationalist rammed a crowd of protesters Saturday — was canceled by organizers after they learned of a "credible threat."
"This event was designed to be a safe space for Charlottesville residents to gather, grieve, and support one another," the group said in a statement. But "a credible threat from white supremacists created a situation wherein we could no longer guarantee the safety of those who attended."
TUKWILA, Wash. – As the Seattle Sounders continue to navigate their way through their 2017 preseason, the likelihood that forward Clint Dempsey will be able to participate in the club's first-ever title defense seems to be increasing by the day.
Dempsey hasn't played since last August after doctors detected an irregular heartbeat that would ultimately sideline them for all of Seattle's MLS Cup run. But the 33-year-old has trained with the club in full throughout the preseason and logged minutes in each of Seattle's first two preseason games.
Speaking with reporters after Seattle's Tuesday practice at Starfire Sports Complex, Dempsey said that, slowly but surely, they feel as though he's rounding back into form.
“As far as I know I'm cleared for game action,” Dempsey said. “I've been playing in games, played 30 minutes one game, 45 in the other. The minutes should keep going up and I'll keep [pushing].
“I feel like I'm finally getting close. I'm feeling like, 85-90 percent back to full fitness.”
The Sounders have steered clear of making any sort of official announcement regarding Dempsey's return, saying that they want to make absolutely sure that their star forward has cleared all the necessary medical requirements before they make a firm commitment on their status for 2017.
“We're on the same plan that we've been on,” head coach Brian Schmetzer said on Tuesday, “progressing them slowly and surely and making sure everything is okay [medically]. We're not going to throw them out there unless we're 100 percent sure.”
The next step for Dempsey will be seeing how they come through the Sounders' upcoming slate of preseason games. Seattle departs for an 11-day training camp in Charleston, South Carolina on Thursday, which will see them play three more times before their regular-season opener against the Houston Dynamo on March 4 (8:30 pm ET; MLS LIVE).
Dempsey also said on Tuesday that they have had dialogue with US men's national team head coach Bruce Arena, saying that any talk of a return to playing for their country will likely have to come after gauging how things are going with the Sounders.
“Towards the end of the year I got a chance to speak with [Arena] a little bit about everything that was going on,” Dempsey said. “We had a good talk. I owe a lot to Bruce. He's the first one who picked me for the national team and helped me achieve my goal and dream as a kid to play and score in a World Cup.
“It'd be great to get back in with the US team. But to do that, I have to do well here and that's the main focus: Being here with Seattle and trying to make an impact on the field here.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — For Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez, a passionate, liberal Democrat of Puerto Rican descent, there is no more important issue in the year-end budget showdown than protecting from deportation hundreds of thousands of immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children — and who have only known America as their home.
The fate of these "Dreamers," as they are commonly known, is one of the trickiest issues to resolve as the White House and Congress seek to avert a Christmas government shutdown that nobody says they want. House Democrats, and their leader, Nancy Pelosi, insist that the Dreamers be dealt with as part of a broader package that combines unfinished legislative business, including military spending, disaster aid and low-cost health care for children.
"You want a bipartisan budget and you want my vote? Then make it an American budget, one that includes a pathway to freedom for our Dreamers," Gutierrez said. "It's the right thing to do."
Top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer cares about Dreamers, too, but they aren't playing hardball over immigration. At the top of their list of political concerns are the re-election bids next year of 10 Senate Democrats running in states that President Donald Trump won in 2016. Many of them want nothing to do with shutting down the government over immigration.
"I understand the passion on that. I'm not in favor of voting to shut down the government," said Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, where Trump won almost 70 percent of the vote. "There are a lot of things I feel passionate about. But I'm not going to make 300 million people suffer because I can't get the process working the way it should."
House and Senate Democrats stand divided as leaders look to wrap up a sweeping spending deal by Dec. 22 and avoid a debilitating shutdown.
At issue is Trump's decision to rescind Barack Obama's executive order creating the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which gave protected status to about 800,000 young immigrants in the country illegally. In scrapping the DACA order, Trump gave Congress until March to come up with a legislative solution.
In September, the president told Pelosi and Schumer they would support the DREAM Act — Development, Relief and Education for Alien Minors — which offers childhood immigrants a pathway to citizenship, as part of a broader immigration agreement.
But this fall, progress stalled. That led liberals such as Gutierrez to pressure leadership to use Democratic leverage — their votes are needed to pass legislation such as the budget or next year's increase in the government borrowing — to ensure that Trump lives up to their promise.
Republicans want to separate immigration from the year-end agenda, in part to avoid the appearance of getting muscled by Democrats like Pelosi and in part to try to get a better deal.
"We are certainly willing to enter into those good-faith negotiations, but they do not belong in an end-of-the-year spending appropriations debate," said Texas Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate. "We do want to resolve this, but it's not going to be before the end of this year."
For their part, Pelosi won't commit to helping Republicans keep the government open unless the DACA issue is dealt with.
"We will not leave here without a DACA fix," they told reporters last week.
Indeed, just 14 Democrats joined House Republicans in voting for a two-week stopgap spending bill last week.
But in the Senate, the dynamic among Democrats was wholly different, with Democrats voting for the stopgap measure by a 5-to-1 margin.
Aides to lawmakers in both parties say the DACA issue was discussed only briefly at a White House meeting between Trump and top congressional leaders.
"There was no disagreement that it should be done. The question was when, where, how and why, and those discussions are continuing," Schumer told reporters Friday. "We hope to get it done before the end of the year."
Schumer spokesperson Matt House says Schumer is genuinely optimistic that Senate negotiations over a hybrid package blending the DREAM Act with additional border security measures are going well. House talks, meanwhile, appear stalled.
The differing perspectives, at their core, seem rooted in the different dynamics facing House and Senate Democrats.
Schumer's red-state Democrats must win re-election by appealing to independents, and they hope to win at least some crossover support from Republicans.
But many House Democrats represent congressional districts with large populations of minorities. Others represent solidly Democratic suburbs with constituencies that are sympathetic to immigrants. Their re-election bids are dependent on cementing the Democratic nomination from a primary electorate rather than winning independents or GOP crossovers.
Pelosi faces their own constituency, too. With 31 members, the Congressional Hispanic Caucus represents 16 percent of the House Democratic Caucus — a base that Pelosi is loath to cross.
"It's their belief, of course, but it's the caucus they represent as well," said Nadeam Elshami, Pelosi's former chief of staff. "The caucus wants this."
Opposition lawmakers on Thursday pressed President Duterte to explain their “unusual” absence from public functions since Sunday, as speculations swirled about the state of their health.
“The absence of the President from the public is very unusual especially there is still an ongoing crisis in Marawi. Much more to be absent for a week without explanation except to rest,” Magdalo Rep. Gary Alejano said in a group message to House reporters.
Alejano, a member of the “Magnificent Seven” independent minority bloc in the House of Representatives, said the Office of the President should be honest about Mr. Duterte's condition, as their health was a matter of public interest and a “national security issue.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“People cannot help but speculate about the status of president's health. Malacañang should be forthright in informing the public about this. [The] President's health is a national security issue,” said Alejano, a vocal critic of the Duterte administration.
Asked if Vice President Leni Robredo should take over in a temporary capacity while the President went on a leave of absence, they said they didn't think such a scenario was likely.
“I think they will not do that even if assuming RRD is sick…” Alejano said.
Ifugao Rep. Teddy Baguilat, another House opposition leader, said they agreed with the Magdalo representative.
“The President's health is a national concern. Transparency is a must,” they said.
Mr. Duterte has not been seen in public since they condoled with the families of Marines killed in the Marawi siege at the Villamor Air Base and Marines headquarters in Fort Bonifacio on Sunday night.
They were absent during the Independence Day rites on Monday with Robredo standing in for them at the last minute as they were reportedly tired and not feeling well. CBB
ADVERTISEMENT
Inquirer calls for support for the victims in Marawi City
Responding to appeals for help, the Philippine Daily Inquirer is extending its relief to victims of the attacks in Marawi City
Cash donations may be deposited in the Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860.
Inquiries may be addressed to Inquirer's Corporate Affairs office through Connie Kalagayan at 897-4426, ckalagayan@inquirer.com.ph and Bianca Kasilag-Macahilig at 897-8808 local 352, bkasilag@inquirer.com.ph.
For donation from overseas:
Inquirer Foundation Corp account:
Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860
Swift Code: BNORPHMM
A North Carolina hospital is celebrating babies who are ending their stay in the neonatal intensive care unit.
The staff at CaroMont Health in Gastonia, North Carolina, honor their tiny patients with a special photo shoot and a graduation cap.
About six months ago, Nurse Melissa Jordan began the "graduation ceremonies" after they helped care for an infant who spent 62 days in the NICU.
On the day they were leaving, the baby's parents dressed them up in a "NICU Grad" onesie, which inspired Jordan to continue the tradition.
"It's an emotional roller coaster for a preemie," Jordan, 28, told ABC News. "One day could be really happy and then another day there can be several setbacks. You have to be there emotionally for the parents and celebrate every single, teeny milestone."
Courtesy CaroMont Health
Courtesy CaroMont Health
On the last day of the NICU stay, each baby gets a professional photo shoot and a foam cap with a message written by Jordan.
Bella Baby Photography takes the photos of each graduate free of charge.
Courtesy CaroMont Health
"We thought it'd be a great experience for us to give back to the families and be a part of that milestone as the babies are being discharged," said photographer Amanda Meixsell.
Jordan will display the pictures of all the NICU grads on the walls of the unit to give hope to preemie parents, they said.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Two climbers have set a speed record for ascending the famous Nose route of El Capitan in Yosemite National Park, one of the world's most technical and dangerous verticals.
Alex Honnold and their climbing partner Tommy Caldwell on Wednesday raced up the nearly 90-degree, 2,900-foot (884-meter) precipice in 2 hours 10 minutes 15 seconds.
The pair broke the previous record set last October by nearly 10 minutes.
Fellow climber Hans Florine, who once held the Nose record, watched Wednesday's attempt from below. They say Honnold and Caldwell were moving so fast they knew by the halfway point that they would set a record.
Park Ranger Scott Gedimen congratulated the pair, calling them world-class climbers who work tirelessly to advocate on behalf of Yosemite and all public lands.
BROOMFIELD, Colo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Bright Horizons Family Solutions® (NYSE: BFAM) has been awarded a 2018 Top Workplaces honor by The Denver Post. Bright Horizons is a leading provider of high-quality child care, early education, educational counseling and other services designed to help employers and families address the challenges of work and life.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006150/en/
Bright Horizons has nearly 800 employees in the state of Colorado at 15 early childhood care and education centers and a Customer Contact Center, which supports the company's child care centers and preschools along with its emergency back-up care, EdAssist, and College Coach services.
“The teachers and staff at our child care centers and our employees at our contact center are not only committed to bringing their very best to work every day for those we serve, but also for each other. It is their compassion for others and their passion for our mission that makes their workplace a great place,” said Bright Horizons CEO Stephen Kramer. “They have earned this honor because of the work they do every day to support one another. And I am so proud that day in and day out they extend that commitment beyond the Bright Horizons family in order to make a lasting impact on the communities where they live and work. I am proud and honored to celebrate our employees throughout Colorado for this well-deserved recognition."
Through a variety of fundraising and volunteer activities, supporting The Bright Horizons Foundation for Children, in 2017, Colorado Bright Horizons Centers and the Broomfield Regional Office raised $20,000 to support Bright Spaces ®. Bright Spaces are warm, enriching places in shelters and community agencies where children and youth in need can build caring relationships, heal from trauma through play, and experience the joy of childhood. There are currently six Bright Spaces in Colorado with plans to create three new Bright Spaces in the state over the next year. Additionally, Bright Horizons child care centers across Colorado collected $12,500 in school supplies for the “ Stuff for Students ” campaign, providing filled backpacks to more than 60,000 students in need throughout the state.
The Top Workplaces list is based solely on employee feedback gathered through a third-party survey administered by research partner Energage, LLC (formerly WorkplaceDynamics), and a leading provider of technology-based employee engagement tools. The anonymous survey measures several aspects of workplace culture, including alignment, execution, and connection, just to name a few.
About Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc.
Bright Horizons Family Solutions ® is a leading provider of high-quality child care, early education and other services designed to help employers and families better address the challenges of work and family life. The company provides full service center-based child care, back-up dependent care and educational advisory services to more than 1,100 clients across the United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Canada and India, including more than 150 FORTUNE 500 companies and more than 80 of Working Mother magazine's 2017 “100 Best Companies for Working Mothers.” The Company's web site is located at www.brighthorizons.com. To follow Bright Horizons on Twitter go to www.twitter.com/BrightHorizons, for Facebook go to https://www.facebook.com/brighthorizons/. To learn more about Bright Horizons Careers visit https://twitter.com/bhcareers and https://www.facebook.com/BrightHorizonsCareers/.
About Energage, LLC Headquartered in Exton, Pa., Energage (formerly known as WorkplaceDynamics) is a leading provider of technology-based employee engagement tools that help leaders to unlock potential, inspire performance, and achieve amazing results within their organizations. The research partner behind the Top Workplaces program, Energage has surveyed more than 47,000 organizations representing well over 16 million employees in the United States.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006150/en/
CONTACT: Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc.
Bridget Perry, 617-673-8014
bridget.perry@brighthorizons.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA COLORADO
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: EDUCATION BABY/MATERNITY PARENTING PRESCHOOL CONSUMER FAMILY
SOURCE: Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:05 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:05 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006150/en
NEW YORK (AP) — A former New Jersey police officer convicted of causing a wrong-way crash that killed a fellow officer and another friend has been sentenced to up to 25 years in prison.
WABC-TV (http://7ny.tv/2rs3kur ) reports that a judge on Staten Island gave Pedro Abad the maximum sentence on Wednesday — 8 1/3 to 25 years in prison. Abad had sought the minimum sentence of one year behind bars.
Prosecutors say the former Linden police officer was drunk when they crashed into a tractor-trailer after a night at a strip club with friends in 2015.
Officer Frank Viggiano and friend Joseph Rodriguez died in the crash. A third Linden officer was critically injured.
Abad's attorney argued that Abad's blood sample wasn't obtained properly and disputed that the accident was caused by intoxication.
___
Information from: WABC-TV, http://www.7online.com
UDINE, Italy — Udinese has fired coach Massimo Oddo after 11 straight losses in Serie A.
The decision was expected after Sunday's 2-1 loss to Crotone left the team four points above the relegation zone.
The 41-year-old Oddo replaced Luigi Delneri in November and won their first five league matches, including a 3-1 victory at Inter Milan.
Udinese has not immediately announced a replacement but former Juventus defender Igor Tudor is favoured to take over until the end of the season.
A recently released report details requests for a pair of marijuana cultivator licenses for Union County.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
Comments
comments
NEW YORK (AP) — Cheap eats, $1 sodas and crispy chicken tenders helped boost a key sales figure at McDonald's.
The world's largest hamburger chain said Tuesday that U.S. sales rose 4.5 percent at established locations during the fourth quarter, thanks to its two-for-$5 deal called McPick 2, its new buttermilk crispy tenders and its expanding delivery service.
The Oak Brook, Illinois-based company also reported better-than expected earnings and revenue for the quarter.
The company posted net income of $698.7 million, or 87 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring costs, were $1.71 per share, beating the $1.59 per share analysts expected, according to Zacks Investment Research.
It had revenue of $5.34 billion, above the $5.26 billion analysts expected.
After the results were released, McDonald's Corp. shares slipped half a percentage to $176.50 in premarket trading Tuesday.
_____
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on MCD at https://www.zacks.com/ap/MCD
A Preston animal shelter remains closed as a national charity probes concerns over how the facility was being run.
READ MORE: Shock as Preston RSPCA pet shelter is shut down
The RSPCA centre in Ribbleton (pictured) was shutdown last week although specific details as to why are yet to be released.
Animals on site have been moved to centres in Blackpool and Southport.
A spokesperson for the charity confirmed the unit remains closed and referred back to a previous statement.
The RSPCA said: “The animal centre is not taking in any animals at the moment and will be temporarily closed to the public to address concerns that the operation of the centre was not meeting the normal high standards we would expect.
“The branch, supported by national society staff, is working to reopen the centre in the near future.”
A spokesperson for the Charity Commission said: “We have not been made aware (of the closure).
“As this appears to be a temporary closure we will not be contacting the charity at this time. However, we would expect trustees to notify us of any significant compliance issue affecting the operation of their charity or its reputation such as a fraud, theft, or the permanent closure of services.”
HALIFAX — A weatherman says they got more than they bargained for during a recent trip to a Costco in Halifax after finding a live scorpion in a bag of bananas.
Nathan Coleman, a reporter for The Weather Network, says they were unloading groceries when their 11-year-old daughter spotted something squirming in a plastic bag.
Coleman says they dismissed the rustling until their mother put the bananas away and noticed the barb-tailed insect.
They say they double-bagged the scorpion and drove to the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History, where it has been jarred for observation.
Coleman says a warehouse manager has apologized to them and says Costco is looking into the incident, but they think the product should be pulled from the shelves in the interest of safety.
They say he's hoping to find out whether the scorpion is venomous and how it was able to journey thousands of kilometres.
Caitlyn Jenner can't imagine ever having sex with a woman again.
The 67-year-old transitioned from their former identity of Bruce Jenner to Caitlyn in 2015, and insisted at the time that despite deciding to live their life as a woman, they remained entirely heterosexual, adding: “I've never been with a guy.”
However, an excerpt from Caitlyn's upcoming memoir The Secrets of My Life, sees the reality star address their sexual preferences, and admit she's unsure what their future holds when it comes to who they share their bedroom with.
“Of the most important things in my life, sex is beyond the bottom; it has been that way for a long time,” Caitlyn writes in the passage. “A future female companion? Yes, I do think about that. A future female sex companion? Not happening, at least for now, and perhaps not ever.”
A former passage from the tome saw Caitlyn admit that they had undergone gender reassignment surgery in January, but the new section was apparently written before they had the operation.
They continue to explain that while they have yet to feel sexually attracted towards a man, that could change after their procedure.
“Maybe removing the last physical appendage of my maleness... will make me feel differently,” they muse.
The Am Cait star's remarks come after their interview with Diane Sawyer in 2015, in which they discussed their decision to transition into Caitlyn and described themselves as “asexual” when asked how the change would affect their sex life.
“There are two different things here,” they explained. “Sexuality is who you personally are attracted to - who turns you on - male or female. But gender identity has to do with who you are as a person and your soul, and who you identify with inside, OK?”
NAIROBI, Kenya — Namibian media say an elephant trampled and killed an Argentine who was in a group of hunters tracking a herd of elephants.
The Namibia Press Agency said the hunter, identified as 46-year-old Jose Monzalvez, was killed on Saturday afternoon in a private wildlife area 70 kilometres (43 miles) northwest of the small town of Kalkfeld.
The agency said Monzalvez, who worked for an oil company, was with another Argentine and three Namibians when they were killed. It says one of the elephants charged before the group was able to find a spot to aim and shoot.
The report says Monzalvez had a hunting permit with them and that relatives have been informed of their death.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 17-5-1 17-7-2 9-3-1 Boston 47 29 10 8 66 156 116 16-5-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 16-8-0 11-11-3 8-5-2 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 17-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 13-8-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 12-10-5 8-13-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 19-3-2 13-9-2 11-1-1 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 17-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 16-4-3 13-7-4 10-3-2 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 17-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 17-7-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 14-7-3 12-8-4 12-2-3 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 12-11-3 13-5-5 8-5-3 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 18-7-1 9-11-2 7-6-1 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 17-4-4 9-14-1 8-8-0 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 12-9-3 14-9-2 6-9-3 Anaheim 50 24 17 9 57 141 141 14-9-3 10-8-6 8-5-5 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 12-10-3 11-9-4 5-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 8-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Boston, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Sean Polden from Lincoln County Humane Society joined us today with Roger, an adorable dog that is up for adoption.
Chelmsford Lions Club presented cheques to the local charities benefitting from its Santa sleigh collections.
The club spent evenings throughout December visiting areas throughout Chelmsford with Santa and their elves collecting donations.
Among the good causes to benefit were the mayor's charities for the year - Mencap, Columbus School and Age Concern Chelmsford.
The mayor tweeted their thanks on Tuesday evening. They said: “Big thank you to Lions club's Chelmsford branch who presented The Mayor's charities with a cheque for £330 last week together with many other donations to great local charities.
“Fantastic effort throughout the year by everyone concerned.”
The Lions Club joins other groups and charities in the area to bring Santa's sleigh every year.
Byrne turns attention to Leinster club 06 October 2017
Kilcormac/Killoughey manager Stephen Byrne and Cillian Kiely celebrate.
©INPHO/Bryan Keane. Kilcormac/Killoughey manager Stephen Byrne and Cillian Kiely celebrate.©INPHO/Bryan Keane.
Kilcormac/Killoughey manager Stephen Byrne has already turned their attention to the Leinster club SHC.
Having guided their native club to a fourth county title with victory over St Rynagh's last Sunday, Byrne's thoughts soon turned to the provincial campaign.
They now must prepare for a clash away to Westmeath champions Castletown-Geoghegan and having climbed the summit of the Leinster club in 2012, they are ready to push on this year.
“I am very proud. It is my club,” Byrne told the Midland Tribune. “I was proud of them when they were winning championships and I was sitting in the stand.
“In saying that we have another competition now to get ready for. We have experienced guys that were in this position before. To be honest, the aim was to get back this title first and we have done that.”
Five people have been injured after a drive-by shooting in San Jose Sunday night, police confirm.San Jose police say they found four men and one woman suffering from at least one gunshot wound on Vista Glen Drive. This is close to the Reid-Hillview Airport. The victims were taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries.A neighbor says several people have been coming to the area for the past week for what appears to be a vigil; a few candles are lit at the location."We heard gunshots when we were watching TV. We thought they were fireworks at first, and so we went to my mom's room and we looked outside and we heard people screaming," said Juan, neighbor.Something like this happening obviously makes people in the neighborhood concerned about their safety."I have an 8-year-old sister. When they heard the gunshots they got really scared. Them first instinct was to hide behind the coach," said Juan.Neighbors heard a car speed away after hearing the shots fired.Police say they have not identified any suspects. No one has been arrested.
Mariners again prevail in 1-run game, beating Rangers 2-1 Seattle Mariners manager Scott Servais, left, gestures with closing pitcher Edwin Diaz after the team defeated the Texas Rangers in a baseball game Monday, May 28, 2018, in Seattle. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson)
SEATTLE (AP) -- Marco Gonzales is answering all those preseason questions about their place in Seattle's rotation.
Hard to argue with their results of late.
Gonzales pitched into the seventh inning and did not allow an earned run for a third consecutive start, helping the Mariners top the Texas Rangers 2-1 on Monday.
Seattle won for the ninth time in 10 games and reached 13 games above .500 for the first time since late in the 2014 season. And it was once again a one-run win. The Mariners have been held to three runs or fewer in seven of the past eight games, but are 7-1 in those games thanks largely to their pitching.
Gonzales was just the latest performance, running their streak of consecutive innings without allowing an earned run to 19 1/3.
''Yes, there were a lot of questions from a lot of people. I'm really happy for him,'' manager Scott Servais said. ''I think that's what our scouts saw when we made the trade for him. The guys in the front office recognized if we get this guy, get them back completely healthy and in a really good environment they could be a guy that could carry innings.''
Gonzales (5-3) lasted 6 2/3 innings and has not allowed an earned run since May 12 when they gave up four runs in a loss to Detroit. Their only issue against Texas was walks. Gonzales walked four, including Ryan Rua with two outs in the seventh inning to conclude their day.
''I'm not trying to pay too much attention to that,'' Gonzales said of their recent performances. ''I'm trying to keep my approach simple, throw a lot of strikes, get ahead of guys and good things will happen when you do that.''
James Pazos got the final out of the seventh, before letting the duo of Alex Colome and Edwin Diaz work together for the first time. Colome, an All-Star closer acquired from Tampa Bay late last week, struck out a pair sandwiched around a two-out hit to finish the eighth inning, and Diaz pitched the ninth for their 19th save.
Story Continues
Seattle has 16 one-run wins, best in the majors.
''Winning is just fun. I won't lie, it would be nice if we go out tomorrow and win by like 10. That would be awesome,'' Seattle's Kyle Seager said.
The only run for Texas came in the third inning when Rougned Odor reached on a bunt single and eventually scored on a passed ball.
Texas starter Doug Fister (1-5) cruised through the first five innings, the only hit allowed a single by Andrew Romine in the third. It was a defensive miscue that created the opportunity for Seattle to take the lead.
With one out in the sixth, Denard Span hit a grounder to second base that should have ended the inning. Odor briefly bobbled the grounder and the Rangers were unable to turn the double play. Mitch Haniger's base hit barely eluded the diving attempt of shortstop Jurickson Profar, and Nelson Cruz and Seager followed with line-drive RBI singles.
Odor also got picked off second base in the fifth inning.
''We can pick apart the one if you want to, however I look at it as a whole and the positives form (Odor) outweigh the negatives today,'' Texas manager Jeff Banister said.
SPAN ARRIVES
Span, who also came over in the trade with the Rays, made their debut after being added to the 25-man roster. The Mariners optioned outfielder John Andreoli to Triple-A Tacoma to clear the roster spot. Span was 0 for 4.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rangers: SS Elvis Andrus and 3B Adrian Beltre (hamstring) took ground balls before the game. It was the first time Andrus had done any field work since suffering a right elbow fracture in early April.
Mariners: SS Jean Segura was originally in the lineup, but was scratched. Segura was inadvertently kicked in the head during Saturday night's game and missed Sunday's game. Servais said Segura should return on Tuesday. ... The Mariners expect Dee Gordon will be able to return to the lineup Thursday barring any setbacks in their recovery from a toe injury.
UP NEXT
Rangers: Austin Bibens-Dirkx (0-1) will make their second start since being called up from Triple-A Round Rock. Bibens-Dirkx allowed four earned runs and eight hits in their debut against Kansas City.
Mariners: Felix Hernandez (5-4) will try to have a better first inning than their last start when they gave up four runs in the first to Oakland. Hernandez has struggled early in games and has re-examined some of their routine in hopes of being better from the start.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Submit on Wednesday, May 30th, 2018 22:58
SES will provide a series of services for the Galileo European navigation system under a long-term agreement signed with Spaceopal, SES announced. The contract is part of the Galileo Service Operator (GSOp) framework agreement between Spaceopal – a joint venture between Telespazio and DLR GfR mbH – and the European Global Navigation Satellite System Agency (GSA).
Related Post:Harris Corp. To Provide Multiband Satellite Terminal For U.S. NavyRadyne's Tiernan Division Receives Order From NavyRaytheon Receives Initial Installment On Navy Communications ContractTampa Microwave Receives Contract For Satellite SimulatorsViaSat Receives Navy Contract For Satellite TerminalsIntegral Awarded LS1300 Control System ContractHarris To Develop Encryption Device For ArmyNational Guard To Receive Mobile Satellite TransceiversSovrn
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iranian state TV says police have arrested a man who was hoarding two tons of gold coins in order to manipulate the market.
The Wednesday report quotes Tehran police chief Gen. Hossein Rahimi as saying the 58-year-old suspect had accomplices who helped them collect the coins over the past 10 months. They did not identify the suspect, who state media referred to as the "Sultan of Coins."
Two tons would be the equivalent of around 250,000 coins.
Iranians have stocked up on gold coins and other safe haven investments as the local currency has plummeted in recent months. The Iranian rial has plunged to 90,000 to the dollar — double the government rate of 42,000.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. — Syracuse guard Tyus Battle has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and return to school for their junior year.
Battle says in a statement on the university website that they feel it's in their best interest "to focus on improving some fine points" in their game and work toward their degree.
Battle says they plan to re-enter the draft next year and calls their decision to return an easy one.
Battle had a standout sophomore season, leading Division I in average minutes played and the Orange in scoring at 19.2 points per game. That earned them a second-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference selection, and their 712 points were the most for a sophomore in school history.
Re: Dying a good death with dignity (The St. Catharines Standard July 28)
We are blessed to have The Stabler Centre and it's oh-so-wonderful staff and volunteers. What Hospice Niagara provides our community goes way beyond those 10 beds, meeting the needs of those with a life-limiting illness - and their loved ones - with a day program, home visits, grief work, and more. Much more.
However there is a missing piece. Sadly, it denies its residents their legal right to choose medical assistance in dying (MAID). That's wrong. You see, it's their life, their choice.
Miriam Gersho,
Chair
Niagara Chapter, Dying With Dignity Canada
Greenspace being sacrificed for money
So like good boys and girls we are to share in the joyous fact that another chunk of Niagara region is going under the shovel.
Thorold Mayor Ted Luciani is ecstatic Toronto people are coming and they say “developers are wasting no time with current projects” - translation , they're slapping them up.
Greed has replaced commonsense.
The tax base is the creed of the day, politicians spout it steadily.
Wildlife, nature are not important, it's money folks, money.
Pelham, once a unique special place, has been transformed by Mayor Dave Augustyn into a predictable concrete sterile place. Wainfleet Mayor April Jeffs, along with Couns. Ted Hessels and Terry Gilmore, recently gave a 41-unit condo development the green light on property which was home to endangered Fowler toads, bald eagles, etc. Lowbanks, Fenwick, Port Robinson and Welland are all being bulldozed under.
Take note that in Niagara politicians' puff pieces there is no mention of destroying wildlife habitats, green spaces, healthy living for those of us who have paid taxes for years. No, all these shortsighted politicians continually discuss is the “tax base.”
Toronto people choose their way of life to make fortunes in the city and now like the ants running to the land of plenty the grasshopper worked so hard for, they will overtake and devour what we once were.
Forget your children and grandchildren's right to a healthy happy future, it is about the tax base.
Faye Suthons
Wainfleet
Caracal Models 1/72 U-2 Decal First Look
By Michael Benolkin
Date of Review April 2017 Manufacturer Caracal Models Subject U-2 Scale 1/72 Set Number 72065 Pros Ten distinctive subjects Cons Nothing noted Skill Level Novice MSRP (USD) $13.99
First Look
Here is the latest decal set from Caracal designed for your favorite 1/72 early U-2 kit. This release provides ten subject options.
The aircraft presented in this set include:
U-2A, 56-6701, AFFTC, Edwards AFB, early 1960s
U-2A, 56-6715, 4080 SRW, 1960
U-2A, 56-6703, 4080 SRW, 1961
U-2A, N800X, CIA, early 1960s
U-2A, N803X, CIA, early 1960s
U-2A, 56-6682, 4080 SRW, 1961
U-2F, 56-6676, USAF, shot down during Cuban Missile Crisis
U-2A, 56-6681, 4080 SRW
U-2C, 56-6680, 100 SRW, 1976
U-2A, 56-6722, RAE Bedford, 1967, Project 'Hi-Cat'
This set includes all of the distinctive markings plus stenciling for one bare metal and one dark-colored aircraft. As usual, these decals are nicely printed by Cartograf. For more information about this set and the other releases from Caracal Models, visit their website at http://caracalmodels.com.
My sincere thanks to Caracal Models for this review sample!
Kawhi Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and added 11 rebounds and the San Antonio Spurs beat the Memphis Grizzlies 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series.
San Antonio led for all but 13 seconds in winning its 10th consecutive postseason game over Memphis.
Leonard finished the game 9 for 14 from the field and was 19 for 19 on free throws.
Tony Parker added 15 points for the Spurs, who had three others score in double figures.
Mike Conley scored 24 points, Zach Randolph had 18 points and Marc Gasol added 12 points for the Grizzlies.
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis.
The Grizzlies forced seven turnovers while outscoring the Spurs 34-19 in the opening 16 minutes of the second half. Conley, Gasol and Randolph accounted for 21 points.
Memphis closed within 75-71 early in the fourth quarter, but San Antonio responded with 3-pointers by Parker and Pau Gasol in rebuilding their double-digit lead.
San Antonio had a better start than in Game 1. Leonard made sure of that.
Leonard opened the game by making their first three shots and four free throws as the Spurs built a 13-point lead, the same deficit they faced in the opening period Saturday.
Unlike Game 1, there was no coming back from that deficit for Memphis.
San Antonio had a 26-point lead in the first half on the strength of its outside shooting. The Spurs only had 12 points in the paint, but got two 3-pointers from Parker and Danny Green, in building a 26-point lead in the first half.
TIP-INS
Grizzlies: Memphis was 2-0 at home against San Antonio in the regular season, winning both games by an 11-point average. ... Vince Carter was assessed with a technical foul in the first half after attempting to head-butt Kyle Anderson. Carter was upset they nearly fell on the opposite end of the court, believing Anderson had pushed them from behind. ... Randolph had their 21st double-double this season and their first of this postseason after being limited to six points and three rebounds in Game 1.
Spurs: LaMarcus Aldridge has scored in double figures in all 12 playoff games with the Spurs. They became the fifth player since 2006 to score 1,000 points in their first 46 playoff games, joining Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, James Harden and Russell Westbrook. ... Danny Green has 162 3-pointers in the postseason, passing Bruce Bowen (161) for second in franchise history behind Manu Ginobili's 309. ... San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich has 160 postseason victories, which is third in league history behind Phil Jackson (229) and Pat Riley (171).
PATIENTLY WAITING
Memphis forward Tony Allen remains out with a right calf injury and Memphis coach David Fizdale is still unsure if Allen will return in the opening round.
"He's not going to play tonight, that's all I know," Fizdale said. "I just take it game by game. Honestly, I don't want to get too far ahead, get too up or too down when it comes to that situation. I'm just hoping for the best."
———
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The Granbury Lady Pirates played some high-level competition at the Adidas John Turner Classic in Pearland this weekend, leaving with a 3-5 record over three days of competition.
The Lady Pirates lost their first three games to New Braunfels Canyon, Friendswood and Trinity Christian. They quickly rallied, winning their next three matches against Pasadena Memorial, Brenham and Episcopal.
Granbury lost their final two matches to Lake Travis and Beaumont Westbrook, with both games going to a tiebreaking set.
The Lady Pirates now sit at 3-6 on the season. They'll play Tuesday evening at 6:30 at Arlington Martin.
MCLEAN, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Hilton Garden Inn, Hilton 's (NYSE: HLT) award-winning, global upscale brand of hotels, announces the opening of four hotels in diverse locations across the U.S., as well as Turkey and Colombia. Each new property is unique to the local area, minutes away from natural landmarks, business parks, and thriving entertainment and shopping venues. Catering to the needs of today's modern traveler, Hilton Garden Inn is extending the guest experience far beyond the four walls of a guest room – thanks in part to healthier, on-trend menu choices, handcrafted cocktails and local wine and craft beer.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006212/en/
Rendering of the new Hilton Garden Inn Lehi in Utah, which opened earlier this month along with three other Hilton Garden Inn properties around the globe. (Photo: Business Wire)
“Hilton Garden Inn continues its robust expansion from vacation hot-spots to leading business destinations,” said John Greenleaf, global head, Hilton Garden Inn. “Our diverse line-up of nearly 800 hotels across the globe makes it easy to find a property that is conveniently located – whether that be for an important business meeting or for a relaxing weekend at the beach.”
New Hotel Highlights Include:
Oklahoma: Hilton Garden Inn Tulsa-Broken Arrow A modern property, southeast of downtown Tulsa, near some of the area's top shops and restaurants, the hotel features more than 4,100 square feet of flexible event space. This contemporary hotel also boasts an indoor pool, whirlpool and evening room service. Turkey: Hilton Garden Inn Isparata In the heart of what is fondly known as the “rose capital of the world,” the hotel is steps from expansive fragrant and colorful flower fields in the popular Centrum Garden Complex. Highlights include complimentary ski storage for guests visiting Mount Davraz and large event spaces with an abundance of natural light. Utah: Hilton Garden Inn Lehi Conveniently located near the Silicon Slopes area situated in the foothills of beautiful Mount Timpampogos, this contemporary hotel provides complimentary shuttle travel to nearby corporate offices and Outlets of Traverse Mountain. Other highlights include an indoor swimming pool as well as its proximity to picturesque running and biking trails. Colombia: Hilton Garden Inn Santa Marta Hilton Garden Inn Santa Marta offers comfortable guest rooms and thoughtful amenities in a location convenient to many of the area's top attractions. The hotel, just a five-minute drive from Prado Plaza Shopping Center and Tesoro del Mar Shopping Center, provides guests with a view of the Marina of Santa Marta.
With recent enhancements to its award-winning food & beverage offerings, Hilton Garden Inn provides numerous choices for diners in each hotel's restaurant, lounge and 24/7 retail space –from handcrafted cocktails to locally-inspired small plates and entrees. Guest rooms are designed for work and comfort, with large work desks, Serta beds, a mini-fridge, HDTV and complementary Wi-Fi.
All Hilton Garden Inn hotels are part of Hilton Honors, the award-winning guest-loyalty program for Hilton's 14 distinct hotel brands. Members who book directly through preferred Hilton channels save time and money and gain instant access to the benefits they care about most, such as an exclusive member discount, free Wi-Fi and a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose nearly any combination of Points and money to book a stay. Members can also redeem their Points for free nights, to gain access to unique events through the Hilton Honors auction platform or to make purchases with Amazon Shop with Points.
For more information about Hilton Garden Inn, please visit www.hgi.com or news.hgi.com.
*Service of alcohol subject to state and local laws. Must be of legal drinking age.
About Hilton Garden Inn
The award-winning Hilton Garden Inn brand provides business and leisure guests with upscale yet affordable accommodations and modern amenities for a successful and comfortable stay. The satisfaction promise affirms the brand's goal to make each stay better and brighter. Guaranteed. As a recognized F&B leader, Hilton Garden Inn serves daily cooked-to-order breakfast and offers full service restaurants and bars. Team Members at more than 770 hotels around the world are committed to guaranteeing today's busy travelers have a bright and satisfying experience from the first hello when they arrive. Hilton Garden Inn is part of Hilton Honors, the award-winning guest loyalty program for Hilton's 14 distinct hotel brands. Hilton Honors members who book directly through preferred Hilton channels have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose nearly any combination of Points and money to book a stay, an exclusive member discount that can't be found anywhere else, free standard Wi-Fi and digital amenities like digital check-in with room selection and Digital Key (select locations), available exclusively through the industry-leading Hilton Honors app. For more information about Hilton Garden Inn, visit www.hgi.com or news.hgi.com, or connect on social media at Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Instagram.
About Hilton
Hilton (NYSE: HLT) is a leading global hospitality company, with a portfolio of 14 world-class brands comprising more than 5,200 properties with more than 856,000 rooms, in 105 countries and territories. Hilton is dedicated to fulfilling its mission to be the world's most hospitable company by delivering exceptional experiences – every hotel, every guest, every time. The company's portfolio includes Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Curio Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations. The company also manages an award-winning customer loyalty program, Hilton Honors. Hilton Honors members who book directly through preferred Hilton channels have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose exactly how many Points to combine with money, an exclusive member discount that can't be found anywhere else, and free standard Wi-Fi. Visit newsroom.hilton.com for more information, and connect with Hilton on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and YouTube.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006212/en/
CONTACT: Jennifer Hughes
Director, Brand Public Relations
Hilton Garden Inn
+1 901 374 6518
jennifer.hughes@hilton.com
or
Lauren Butler
For Hilton Garden Inn
+1 214 259 3436
lauren.butler@ketchum.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA OKLAHOMA UTAH VIRGINIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRAVEL DESTINATIONS VACATION LODGING CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY COMMERCIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE
SOURCE: Hilton Garden Inn
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 12:19 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 12:19 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006212/en
Hollow Rock-Bruceton is entering its third week of school as students and teachers become more adapted to their daily schedules.
Hollow Rock-Bruceton will debut its brand-new concession stand at this Friday's season opener with West Carroll.
WRJB's Derek Kelley talked with Hollow Rock-Bruceton Special School District Superintendent David Duncan about expectations and general practices this school year.
Hollow Rock-Bruceton has added some new classes including a pilot Tennessee History program, Speech Communications, and Statistics.
The school district is also working on bringing in a new digital sign to replace the old one that was destroyed last spring.
She's an Oscar winner, she's descended from Hollywood royalty, and they run the high-end lifestyle company and blog Goop … but Gwyneth Paltrow can still curse like a sailor.
They recently told the Edit about using past mistakes as springboards to better things, saying, “I've milked the f*** out of every opportunity.” In the same issue, they describe Goop's origins as a way to get their friends to “stop f***ing calling [me]” for lifestyle tips.
Earlier this year they spoke at a conference held by Fast Company and said, “I'm interested in criticism based on fact, not on projections. … If you want to f*** with me, bring your A-game.” That phrase has become such a mantra for Paltrow that a friend gave them matchbooks and napkins monogrammed with it.
Paltrow's free-flying f-bombs definitely give them some gangster swagger, and that's no coincidence. She's spoken about their love for hip-hop (after all, Jay-Z is a friend), and in 2011 on the Graham Norton Show they rapped a curse-laden verse from the NWA song “Straight Outta Compton.”
But at times, their f-bombing has seemed whiny. They said of learning to play guitar for the movie Country Strong, “It's really f***ing hard. It's much harder than it looks.”
And remember in 2014 when they used the phrase “consciously uncouple” to describe their divorce from Chris Martin? Later that year, they admitted, “We, like, broke the f***ing Internet.”
And in 2015, they addressed their friendship with their ex, telling Marie Claire, “We've worked really f***ng hard to get to [this] point. … In a way [it's] the relationship we were meant to have.”
Paltrow is known for their eyebrow-raising lifestyle recommendations, like “vaginal steaming.” But even they balked at first: “The first time I tried v-steaming, I was like … ‘You are out of your f***ing mind.”
They recently are interrogated by Jimmy Kimmel about similarly strange tips and owned up to Goop's rep, saying, “I don't know what the f*** we talk about.”
In other Gwyneth-related news, they recently talked about how painful divorcing Chris Martin was:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
Download English News App and stay updated with all Latest News.
For News in English , follow us on
Welland's Rose Festival will look to former stronger partnerships with community organizations, increase the use of city-owned facilities, have a more inclusive parade route and include a mayor's picnic during Days in the park are just some of the ideas council will hear Tuesday night.
The Rose Festival's Grant Grice, vice-president and Erica Olsson, second vice-president, will talk about the 2018 plans at the committee meeting and give a rundown of 2017's event.
During the presentation, the two will present council with potential new events.
Those new events could include a bed race, cardboard boat regatta, skateboard/BMX event and Run for the Roses.
The proposed bed is a variation of the Welland Fireman's Parade bed race from the past, and is based on a world famous annual event from England, their presentation said. While the Run for the Roses would be a revival of a popular past Rose Festival event that has not been seen in recent years.
“Cardboard boat regattas are extremely popular globally. The Rose Festival had one cardboard kayak race organized by former Rose Festival president Wally Mole, and we are hoping to stage this 2018 event in Wally's memory,” their presentation said.
Groups the Rose Festival will look at approaching for stronger partnerships include the Seaway Mall, Niagara College and 91.7 Giant FM.
Existing events for next year's event include a media launch, art exhibit, coronation ball, days in the park, baby show, children's fishing derby, street dance and grande parade.
During their presentation, the pair will talk about 2017's Rose Festival, which saw 50 people in attendance for the medial launch, and the art exhibition take place at the Seaway Mall, which sponsored the show along with Patti's Place.
The coronation ball, held at the Riverstone Event Centre, saw 200 people come out for the crowning of the Rose Queen and their royal court. There's no mention of where 2018's event will take place as Riverstone Event Centre was sold and is now a church.
Days in the park, the two said in their report, saw more than 5,000 people attend Chippawa Park over two days, with food and craft vendors throughout the park, and things like pony rides, inflatables and face painting taking place.
The committee meeting gets underway at 7 p.m. in council chambers at city hall, 60 East Main St., Welland.
AP Photo/John Minchillo
WYOMING, Ohio (AP) — The father of an American college student released by North Korea and now hospitalized in a coma says their son was “brutalized” by their captors.
Fred Warmbier told Fox News' Tucker Carlson on Wednesday from their Ohio home that their son, Otto, “is not in great shape right now.”
“Otto has been terrorized and brutalized for 18 months by a pariah regime in North Korea,” the father said in an interview scheduled to air Thursday night.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was medically evacuated from North Korea and flown to Cincinnati late Tuesday. They were then taken by ambulance to a hospital.
Fred Warmbier said they do not know exactly what happened to their son during their detention. They and their wife, Cindy, planned a Thursday news conference.
The public appearance will be at Wyoming High School, one of Ohio's top-rated schools. Warmbier graduated from there in 2013 as class salutatorian and had played soccer.
Residents of the northern Cincinnati suburb tied blue-and-white ribbons, the school colors, to trees near the family home. Joy at their release was mixed with concern after their parents said they were told they had been in the coma for over a year.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said there should be an investigation into what happened to Warmbier leading to this “tragic situation.”
Richardson, a Democrat, credited the Department of State with securing Warmbier's return from North Korea without any preconditions but said a forceful response from the U.S. government would be required “if its determined that there was a cover-up and Otto's condition was not disclosed and they didn't get proper treatment.”
City councilwoman Jenni McCauley said the tight-knit community was “thrilled” to have Warmbier back.
“Even though they're saddened by their condition, they're just glad for the family that they are home,” McCauley said. “For any parent, this is their worst nightmare. … We're hoping that they will be OK.”
They called them “a fabulous young man” who was known as intelligent, personable and well-liked in school and in the community.
Ellie Boettcher, a 14-year-old rising first-year student at Wyoming High, where Warmbier's sister will be a sophomore, said students were elated.
“We're just really glad that he's able to come back,” Boettcher said. “Nothing really bad ever happens in Wyoming. It's kind of like a bubble. So it's really tragic. But luckily they are back, and I believe they will make a full recovery.”
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea. They had tearfully confessed to trying to steal a propaganda banner while visiting. They were released Tuesday, more than 17 months after being detained.
Such detentions in the totalitarian nation have added to tensions between Washington and Pyongyang. Three Americans remain in custody.
The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday that their department was continuing “to have discussions” with North Korea about the release of the other three imprisoned American citizens.
Comments
comments
× Expand Photo courtesy of the Hoover Historical Society. The Galleria opened in 1986 with four anchor stores, a 17-story office tower and a 339-room hotel.
When the city of Hoover first tried to incorporate in 1964, the effort failed by a vote of 119 to 87.
But tenacity won out. A second vote taken in 1967 with a smaller tract of land just west of U.S. 31 in the Green Valley area proved successful, and with a vote of 100 to 45, the town of Hoover was born with 406 residents.
Now in its 50th year, the city has blossomed through annexations and aggressive home building to a population estimated to exceed 87,000. Hoover has grown into the second largest city in the Birmingham metro area and the sixth largest in the state. It has developed into a destination for jobs, retail shopping and recreation.
The city began as the dream of William Hoover Sr., an insurance man who started buying property along U.S. 31 in the 1950s when they learned the state was going to widen the highway to four lanes.
They helped establish the Green Valley Country Club in 1959, and more homes and businesses followed.
Frank Skinner Jr., who moved to Hoover in 1963 and later became the city's longest-serving mayor, said some of the early homes built in the Green Valley area sat empty for quite a while until South Central Bell split off from Southern Bell and moved to Birmingham.
A lot of those families chose to locate in the Green Valley area, creating a demand for new homes, Skinner said.
Once the city incorporated, city fathers sought to keep property values high and property taxes low and to pay for city services with sales taxes from a growing retail base, Skinner said.
Aggressive annexations
In the 1970s, more shopping centers, car dealerships and other businesses popped up along U.S. 31, but perhaps the biggest shot in the arm came to Hoover in 1980 with the annexation of the 3,000-acre Riverchase community, which former city attorney Jack Harrison called “a gnat swallowing an elephant.”
Current Hoover Mayor Frank Brocato said the city owes a great deal of gratitude to business person John Harbert for having the vision for the Riverchase community and bringing it into Hoover.
The Riverchase development had more than 4,800 home sites but also nearly 900 acres of commercial property. That included land for a corporate office park that has attracted thousands of jobs and the Riverchase Galleria campus, which made Hoover a retail shopping mecca for visitors throughout the Southeast.
The Galleria opened in 1986 with four anchor stores, a 17-story office tower and a 339-room hotel. Within 10 months, the mall increased the city of Hoover's sales tax revenues by 61 percent. The city in 2016 received about $12.7 million in sales tax revenues from the Galleria, which accounts for about 18 percent of the city's total sales tax revenues, records show. Total annual sales volume on the mall campus has grown from $195 million in 1987 to more than $423 million in 2016.
Hoover also grew significantly with the annexation of the Bluff Park and Shades Mountain communities in 1985. Those annexations were not as financially rewarding as some others, but they put Hoover's population at a point where it could operate under the same annexation rules as Birmingham, Skinner said.
Hoover spread its wings to the east and the west. To the east, Hoover snatched up about 1,000 acres of prime commercial land in Inverness, plus 4,000 acres in Meadow Brook and Greystone. To the west, the city annexed thousands of acres off Alabama 150 and South Shades Crest Road, with most of it owned by U.S. Steel.
That included Trace Crossings, which started out with 1,200 acres and now has more than 2,200 acres, and the 1,600-acre Ross Bridge development, for which land was annexed in 2002.
U.S. Steel still has an annexation agreement that will allow more than 2,000 additional houses south of Shelby County 52.
Home building has flourished in Hoover. During the past 20 years, the city has approved 9,906 single-family building permits, with an average of 495 per year, city records show. The peak year during that 20-year period was 2005, when 823 single-family permits were approved. Home building slowed when the Great Recession hit in 2008, but Hoover was not hit as hard as other areas. There were between 310 and 380 single-family building permits issued every year but one since 2010, including 358 permits in 2016.
The city has also added 481 townhomes and 1,562 apartments since the beginning of 1999, records show.
Growth philosophy
Skinner, who oversaw much of Hoover's expansion, insists U.S. Steel didn't get sweetheart deals. They only favored annexations when they made business sense, they said.
Skinner said they wanted to see Hoover get bigger for economic growth, strength and vitality.
“We could have had a very small, little city with 500 people and control of U.S. 31,” they said.
But the purpose of a city is to support the neighborhoods around it as much as possible and increase the quality of life for people, Skinner said. Developers wanted their homes to be in Hoover because of the amenities the city offers, and the city has gained by having quality housing developments and commercial developments that support them, they said.
And sometimes, it's good to annex property to keep it from harming the city, Skinner said. People don't want to be next to something undesirable, they said.
“I always thought if you can see it, hear it or smell it, you need to annex it and try to control it,” Skinner said.
Harrison, who was Hoover's city attorney from 1967-98, wanted to annex a 10-foot-wide strip of land 30 to 35 miles through the woods to land near the Mercedes-Benz plant in Vance to take advantage of spinoff business from the auto plant. But Skinner said they felt it was too far away from the city's base.
Some people have criticized the city's fast growth, but Skinner said sometimes when the door of opportunity opens, you either go through it or lose it.
“Sometimes it's not always when you'd like to do something; it's when you can do something,” they said.
Numerous people have complained that Hoover has too many apartments and rental properties (61 percent of the housing is owner-occupied). Skinner said much of the apartment land in Hoover was already zoned for apartments before it came into the city.
Numerous amenities
So what's drawing all these people to Hoover?
Brocato said it's a combination of a lot of things, including a great school system, low crime rate, strong public safety and other city services, housing availability and affordability, and access to great parks and natural resources such as the Cahaba River, 350-acre Moss Rock Preserve nature park and Veterans Park off Valleydale Road.
Mary Milton, a Realtor who moved to Hoover in 1970 at age 12 and who does at least 30 percent of their business in the city, agreed. The school system is the No. 1 reason they hear people give for moving to Hoover, but it's also affordable, they said.
“You find a lot of different price ranges,” Milton said.
A lot of people love the schools in Mountain Brook and Vestavia Hills, but homes there tend to be more expensive, they said. A first-time homebuyer in Hoover can find something under $150,000 and still get quality schools, they said. Homewood has good schools, too, but homes there are overpriced, they said. “You can't go to Homewood now and buy anything. It's ridiculous.”
There are affordable homes in Shelby County communities such as Helena, Pelham and Alabaster, but they're farther away from downtown Birmingham, where many people work, Milton said. Hoover also is convenient to shopping and a variety of churches and has a diverse population in terms of age and race, they said.
In 1980, U.S. Census data showed Hoover was 97 white, 2 percent black and less than 1 percent Asian. By 2016, the city had changed to 73 percent white, 17 percent black and 6 percent Asian, according to estimates by the Environmental Systems Research Institute. Hoover's Hispanic population has grown from less than 1 percent in 1990 to an estimated 5.7 percent in 2016, according to ESRI.
Brocato said they and many others consider that diversity to be a strength.
“We're doing it right. We look like America,” they said. “We live next door to each other, attend school with each other.”
Hoover home values also have held up, Milton said. They now live in the same home their parents bought for about $40,000 in the 1970s, and it's now worth about $300,000, they said.
The median home value in 2016 was $267,330, and the median household income was $74,717, according to ESRI.
Charles Ball, executive director for the Regional Planning Commission of Greater Birmingham, said they grew up in Birmingham and remembers taking Sunday drives to Hoover with their parents as a child in the 1970s and working at the Galleria for three years right after it opened.
“It's been pretty phenomenal,” they said of the city's growth over the decades.
Numerous larger cities such as Birmingham have seen cities similar to Hoover spring up next to them that serve as large employment bases and more than just a suburb, Ball said. Hoover's strong school system and available land and jobs have all been a part of that growth, and the highway network that includes Interstate 459, Interstate 65 and U.S. 31 doesn't hurt at all, they said. “It's just an extremely convenient location.”
Hoover's growth has allowed it to gain influence on decision-making bodies for the metro area, including the Metropolitan Planning Organization (which decides how federal highway dollars are spent), the Birmingham Water Works Board and the Birmingham-Jefferson County Transit Authority, Ball said. “I just see that influence in the region continuing to grow.”
By MARTHA WAGGONER
Associated Press
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Because they can't pay $228 in traffic fines, Seti Johnson faces revocation of their North Carolina's driver's license, which means they won't be able to drive to the job they hope to get soon. For Sharee Smoot, the amount keeping them off the road is $648.
In a federal lawsuit filed Wednesday, attorneys for the two say North Carolina's practice of revoking drivers' licenses of people who can't pay their traffic fines and court costs is unconstitutional because it violates the rights to due process and equal protection under the 14th amendment.
"This revocation scheme disproportionately punishes impoverished residents in violation of federal law, taking away crucial means of self-sufficiency and further pushing them into poverty," the motion for a preliminary injunction states.
The lawsuit was filed by the American Civil Liberties Union, the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Southern Coalition for Social Justice. Torre Jessup, commissioner of the state Division of Motor Vehicles, is named as the defendant.
North Carolina law requires automatic revocation of licenses for nonpayment of a traffic ticket 40 days after a court judgment. The groups are suing because the law doesn't require a hearing to make sure the driver can pay the fine and court costs.
The statements by Smoot and Johnson describe a cycle of fines and attempts to catch up on their debts as they try to hold on to their jobs and support their families.
Last year, Johnson said they paid more than $700 in fines, court costs and late fees on previous tickets. Their driver's license was reinstated, but they fell behind on rent payments and had to move in with their mother.
But before they paid the $700, they were issued another ticket for not paying. They were convicted in April of a lesser crime - failure to notify the Division of Motor Vehicles of an address change - and sentenced to pay a $100 fine and $208 in court costs. They paid $100 that day, but was charged an additional $20 for an installment plan and set-up fee even though the bill says the entire amount is due within 40 days.
They said they doubt he'll be able to pay the remaining debt within 60 days of May 22, as he's required to do to keep their license.
"I value taking care of my responsibilities," they write . "But that is hard to do when I am required to pay hundreds of dollars in fines and court costs and my driver's license is revoked when I do not have the money to pay. ... No one should have to live with the burden of their license revoked because they cannot pay off their traffic tickets."
Smoot writes that they were making $9 an hour while working at a group home when was sentenced to pay $308 for driving while their license was revoked in 2016. They were assessed a $50 late fee for not paying within 40 days.
They and their 9-year-old daughter moved in with their grandmother in 2017 to save money. Smoot said they stopped attending school part-time at the University of North Carolina Charlotte because they couldn't afford it.
In 2017, they were issued another ticket for driving while their license was revoked and ordered to pay $235. That grew to $285 with a late fee; an order for their arrest was issued for not paying the fines, and they were charged a $5 arrest fee.
They said their car was repossessed, and they lost their job because they didn't have transportation to work.
"I have been forced to make the difficult choice of staying home, losing my job and not being able to take care of necessities for me, my daughter, and my grandmother, whose I also pay, or continuing to drive illegally and risk more punishment," they write.
A spokesperson for the state Transportation Department, which oversees the state Division of Motor Vehicles, said Wednesday that officials are reviewing the lawsuit.
___
Follow Martha Waggoner on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mjwaggonernc .
___
This story has been corrected to show an order was issued for Smoot's arrest instead that they were arrested
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — When President Donald Trump's U.N. ambassador recently urged the world to sever diplomatic ties with North Korea, they were sketchy on the details: Should all embassies close? How about those providing the U.S. intelligence from the largely inscrutable country? And what of Sweden, which helps with imprisoned Americans?
Nikki Haley's recent call to action underscores the challenge for the United States as it tries to advance a nonmilitary strategy for resolving the nuclear standoff with North Korea. Isolating the reclusive, totalitarian state has been a central component of the U.S. plan, even though Washington says it remains open to talks.
Like international economic penalties, the Trump administration believes the diplomatic isolation serves two purposes.
It's designed to punish North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for developing an atomic arsenal of bombs and intercontinental missiles that potentially could deliver nuclear warheads anywhere in the United States. U.S. officials also contend that freezing out North Korea could drive Kim's government to seek negotiations.
“We do know they care a lot about their international reputation,” said Mark Tokola, a former No. 2 at the U.S. Embassy in South Korea.
Trump's team has chalked up some successes in narrowing the North's diplomatic reach. Mexico, Peru, Italy, Spain, and Kuwait have expelled North Korean ambassadors from their countries. Haley said Portugal and the United Arab Emirates have suspended diplomatic relations. Others have cut trade and security ties.
But North Korea isn't and won't be completely isolated.
Last month, China, whose once-close relationship with North Korea has been strained by its adoption of tough U.N. sanctions, sent its highest level envoy to Pyongyang in two years. North Korea also recently welcomed a Russian parliamentary delegation, in a sign of increasing contacts between the former Cold War partners. And the North just hosted the most senior U.N. official to visit in years: Jeffrey Feltman, the undersecretary-general for political affairs.
Even before they departed, experts played down expectations that Feltman, formerly a senior American diplomat, could offer a breakthrough as the standoff over the North's nuclear weapons threatens to spiral into war. Feltman carried no message from Washington, State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said.
Yet Feltman's visit, which included an audience with Kim's foreign minister, added to questions about how effectively the U.S. can isolate North Korea. Feltman left Pyongyang on Saturday after four days of talks with the North Korean Foreign Ministry. “I have to brief the secretary-general first,” they said when asked for details of their trip.
Also unresolved is whether Trump and their top advisers have a game plan for the second half of a strategy they've called “maximum pressure and engagement.” If North Korea signals a willingness to negotiate, now that Kim has declared that they have “realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force,” how will the U.S. respond?
“This is probably as good a time as any to try to pivot to engagement,” said Suzanne DiMaggio at the New America think tank, who has been involved in several rounds of unofficial talks with North Korean officials. They said the administration has focused almost completely on pressure.
Kim's declaration followed North Korea's test last month of its most powerful intercontinental missile yet, which led Haley, at an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting, to speak of a world “closer to war.” At the same time, they pushed for others to cut trade and diplomatic ties with Pyongyang.
U.S. officials say doing so would stop North Korea from abusing diplomatic privileges that allow it to raise revenues or conduct illegal business in support of its nuclear and missile programs. It's also intended to exploit North Korean sensitivity to its international standing.
But the U.S. has given mixed messages on what form concretely the isolation should take.
Haley called on all governments to sever ties. Other U.S. officials say the emphasis is on getting North Korean diplomats expelled from overseas postings, not on closing foreign embassies in Pyongyang. To date, no embassies have shut down in the North Korean capital as a result of the U.S. campaign.
According to research by the Washington-based East-West Center and the National Committee on North Korea, North Korea maintains diplomatic relations with 167 countries. It has embassies in 47 foreign capitals. Twenty-four countries have embassies in Pyongyang, and those include American rivals and friends.
“If the U.S. is really serious about depriving North Korea of diplomatic relations, it must start with its own closest ally, Great Britain,” said Artyom Lukin, a North Korea expert at Far Eastern Federal University in Vladivostok, Russia.
Since the U.S. has no diplomatic presence of its own in North Korea — the two sides remain technically in a state of war — it relies to some extent on Britain, Germany and other partners to stay abreast of what's happening there. Most critically, it needs Sweden, its protecting power, to assist three currently detained Americans in North Korea, on the rare occasions when Kim's government allows consular access.
Any isolation campaign will have only marginal diplomatic and economic effect without the participation of North Korea's most powerful partners, China and Russia. Both support more dialogue with the North, not more diplomatic sanctions.
Even if only smaller countries follow America's advice, the U.S. could lose potential go-betweens, such as Vietnam and Mongolia, which have constructive relations with the U.S. and North Korea.
“If they left, I would be worried I was losing a source of information and a more neutral voice that the North Koreans might actually listen to,” said Frank Jannuzi, a former Senate staff specialist on Asia.
Lady Gaga shared the first image on Monday from their film remake of A Star is Born, also starring and directed by Bradley Cooper.
The classic Hollywood tale of two stars colliding, one whose career is on the upswing and the other's waning, has been made three times previously, most recently in 1976 starring Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson.
Lady Gaga, who will be billed under their real name, Stefani Germanotta, wrote beside the image of themselves and Bradley on Instagram: “I am so excited to star in my first movie alongside someone I'm so lucky to call my friend. I always wanted to be an actor on the big screen.”
They added, “The story of ‘A Star is Born' is so special and I'm so grateful to Bradley for making my dream come true.” They signed off by saying: “Can't wait for you to meet Ally. They have their first scene in 5...”
The film marks Cooper's directorial debut and, in addition, they are co-producing the project and co-writing it. They will also play country music legend Jackson Maine who is struggling to keep their career on track. Lady Gaga is a hopeful singer Ally who Jackson not only takes under their wing but also becomes romantically involved with.
Fans in Indio, California for last weekend's Coachella music festival kickoff - at which Lady Gaga was one of the headliners - received an added bonus when they were offered $10 tickets to feature as extras in scenes being filmed at the site for the new film. All proceeds from the sales will go to Lady Gaga's Born This Way Foundation.
A Star is Born is due for release next September.
Authorities say an armed man who ran from security at a hotel in downtown San Antonio and tried to force their way into a room has been shot and killed by officers who confronted him.
Police Chief William McManus says hotel personnel became suspicious as the man wandered the lobby early Tuesday.
McManus says they fled to upper floors, attempted to enter one room and was confronted by two officers on the seventh floor.
The situation escalated and the officers fired, killing the unidentified suspect. It's not clear what prompted police to shoot.
McManus says the suspect was not a hotel guest and appeared to be a laborer based on the clothes they were wearing.
The incident drew a heavy police presence downtown, with some blocks closed to traffic.
By Dave Shedloski
The Memorial Tournament presented by Nationwide always has been one of the premiere events on the PGA TOUR since its inception in 1976. And its status only seems to grow with legendary host Jack Nicklaus watching over the proceedings.
“It's truly amazing to think that a tournament hosted by golf's greatest champion in the game and played on one of the greatest golf courses in the game keeps getting better, but the Memorial Tournament continually rises in stature,” said Jim Nantz, longtime CBS Sports golf anchor. “For someone who treasures the sport and the history of the game as much as I do, it's truly one of the great weekends of my year.”
Newly minted world No. 1 Justin Thomas heads a field that includes eight of the top in the world rankings, while five-time Memorial Tournament winner Tiger Woods returns for the first time since 2015. Along with Thomas, all of the other two-time winners on the PGA TOUR this season are entered: Justin Rose (No. 3 in the world and the 2010 Memorial winner), Columbus resident Jason Day, Bubba Watson and Patton Kizzire.
Former PGA champion Jason Dufner returns to defend their title.
“We virtually have the who's who of players and virtually everybody's here, and I think we have probably done pretty well,” the Golden Bear said of the strong 120-player field competing for a purse of $8.9 million.
Nantz, who has worked every Memorial Tournament since 1986, their rookie year on the network, takes a look at the storylines this week in Dublin, Ohio.
>>WATCH: The Memorial Tournament Live Stream
The PGA TOUR calls the Memorial Tournament an enhanced event because of the larger purse and three-year exemption for the winner. I'd argue it's enhanced because the golf course is superb and Jack Nicklaus is the host. Agree?
The tournament is special for a multitude of reasons. This golf tournament has taken on the personality of truly being one of the biggest events in the sport. All you have to do is look at the field list to be dazzled and get the juices flowing. You've got a golf course that is ranked among the best in the world, and it's hosted by the greatest champion in the history of the sport, there's a lot for the passionate golf fan to get fired up about.
This week is a very strong field, with eight of the top 10 in the world and in the FedExCup standings. The Memorial always draws a strong field, but this one seems particularly top heavy.
It's a reflection of what's going on in the game of golf right now. For those of us who live the sport year-round, we're seeing wonderful things, [particularly] where the game is going and how it's trending. And the Memorial is one of those events that brings it all together. You can really sense that the players have a tremendously high regard for Jack Nicklaus and the tournament that they put on.
Muirfield Village Golf Club can be an extremely tough test. We saw five-time winner Tiger Woods shoot 85 in the third round in 2015. But it also can yield some good scores. We've seen both extremes.
There are certainly a lot of places where your game can be exposed in a hurry if you're off by a fraction. It doesn't take much, as evidenced by last year's winner, Jason Dufner, shooting 77 on Saturday and rebounding and still winning. They were just a fraction off in the third round, and it cost them a pair of hockey sticks. I love risk-reward in golf; it brings the sport to a whole new level of drama. You take the best tournaments and the most memorable events we watch, and the term risk-reward is usually a part of it. Just look at major championship golf — and this really is major championship level. Look at what makes the Masters so great. It's the risk-reward nature of Augusta National Golf Club. You need highs mixed with the lows. You need the guy who pulls off the impossible shot and the guy who pays the penalty for coming up short. A young Jack Nicklaus knew what they were doing when they built Muirfield Village Golf Club all those years ago. It's the perfect arena for golf at its best, golf at its most interesting.
>>MORE: Golf Expert Interviews
Speaking of Woods, this is their first appearance here since that tough 2015 outing. What can we expect as they continue to put their game back together?
He's got a tremendous track record at the Memorial Tournament. He's come a long way in their attempt to rebound from back surgery. He's been quite a story. But who knows what to expect? He'll be closely watched, of that I am certain.
Justin Thomas makes their first start as the No. 1 player in the world. Does that make a difference to a player when they carry that banner? How will they respond?
When Adam Scott became No. 1 for the first time, they won at Colonial (in 2014), so who's to say we won't see that kind of response from Justin Thomas? This is a style of golf course that Justin Thomas grew up on. They were raised in these parts. Their family has Ohio ties. This should be right in their wheelhouse. The fact that they are No. 1 doesn't come as any great shock. It comes at a time in golf when there could be a revolving door at the top of the game.
Give us your favorites and dark horses?
There have been guys over the years who have won this golf tournament whom you [would] least expect to win. There have been guys who won for the first time there, like a Kenny Perry and a Tom Lehman. Then you have Jack, Tom Watson, Fred Couples [who] always played well there, and Tiger with their remarkable record. Muirfield Village is a great showcase for many Hall of Famers, so you think about Justin Thomas, Justin Rose, Rory McIlroy, or Jason Day, who has shown tremendous determination to get back to the top of the rankings. And there are many players who appear ready to add their name to the list of winners.
Journalist and author David Shedloski of Columbus, Ohio, has been covering golf since 1986, first as a daily newspaper reporter and later as a freelance writer for various magazines and Internet outlets. A winner of 23 national writing awards, including 20 for golf coverage, Shedloski is currently a contributing writer for Golf World and GolfDigest.com and serves as editorial director for The Memorial, the official magazine of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.  They are the author of five books and has contributed to three others, including the second edition of “Golf For Dummies,” with Gary McCord. Their last book was a collaboration with Arnold Palmer for their final autobiography, “A Life Well Played,” published in 2016. He's a fan of all Cleveland professional sports teams, the poor fellow.
Ms. Barnett, who has served as a member of Ms. Johnson's legal team since November, said that Ms. Kardashian West and Ms. Johnson have spoken over the phone but have never met in person.
“We're grateful that Kim is using their platform to shine light on this issue,” Ms. Barnett said in an interview. “Alice Johnson has paid their debt to society. To keep them incarcerated a day longer is morally and economically indefensible.”
In the Mic interview, Ms. Kardashian West said they had been in contact with the White House on behalf of Ms. Johnson to bring “her case to the president's desk” and to lobby the White House to release them A White House official confirmed Wednesday that Ms. Kardashian West had reached out to Mr. Kushner, who has been working on prisons and the sentencing issue, through their wife, Ivanka Trump, the president's eldest daughter.
Ms. Kardashian West's visit might also end up inadvertently highlighting the conflicts and uphill battles ahead for the administration's plan for a criminal justice system overhaul. Mr. Kushner has taken the reins on the project and is pushing legislation that could help decrease recidivism by offering incentives for prisoners, including job training programs, halfway houses and early release.
But Mr. Kushner has encountered opposition from Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a hard-liner who last year began reversing the Obama administration's efforts to ease penalties, like mandatory minimum sentences, for some nonviolent drug violations. A difference in views has led to a turf-war that recently resulted in the resignation of the director of the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
The degree to which Ms. Kardashian West's interest in the overhaul of the criminal justice system expands beyond Ms. Johnson's case is unclear. Ms. Kardashian West was not immediately available for comment on Wednesday, but after advertising their new line of nude lip liners and sharing thoughts from their sister on motherhood, they spoke directly about Ms. Johnson to their 60 million Twitter followers: “Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you.”
After the meeting, Mrs. Kardashian West said in a statement relayed through their publicist that they were hopeful Mr. Trump would eventually grant Ms. Johnson clemency.
“We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson's future and hopeful that they — and so many like them — will get a second chance at life,” the statement said.
Data for police shootings is usually the subset that only includes fatalities. Vice News made requests nationwide to get data on people who were shot but not killed by police. To accompany their story, Vice News made the data and code available for download:
Ultimately, we obtained some data from 47 departments — with 4,099 incidents in all. Departments in New York's Suffolk and Nassau Counties didn't provide us with any data. Maryland's Montgomery County Police Department gave us only partial incident-level information and no total number of police shootings, so we excluded them from the analysis. We put all this information together to analyze trends across the departments and to compare them with one another — the first time this has ever been done for both fatal and nonfatal shootings.
Get the data and look for yourself.
Review: ‘Field Guide' Brings Standup to a Dostoyevsky Downer Image Hannah Kenah, center, surrounded by members of the ensemble in the Rude Mechs production, a very loose adaptation of “The Brothers Karamazov.” Credit Joan Marcus
Have you ever wanted to see a towering novel of moral anguish reduced to an 80-minute romp? Oh, good: me, too.
So it pains me to report that “Field Guide,” a semi-goofball, semi-searching distillation of Dostoyevsky's “The Brothers Karamazov,” isn't much fun. Created by Rude Mechs and produced by Yale Repertory Theater, which commissioned it, “Field Guide” distills 800 pages of text into alt-comedy riffs, surrealist digressions and several scenes in which cardboard set pieces whiz around the stage more or less by themselves.
“The Grand Inquisitor” section? It's here. And it's set in a hot tub.
To see the show among Dostoyevsky fans was to watch an audience move from excited to perplexed to annoyed. A couple of spectators used that gift of freedom with which they were born and left midway.
Rude Mechs, an Austin, Tex., company, has concocted some superb pieces, like a cooler-than-cool adaptation of Greil Marcus's “Lipstick Traces” and an ultradry staging of the David Rees comic strip “Get Your War On.” When they're good, they're very, very good — hip and brash and welcoming.
But when they're bad, as in the Tennessee Williams riff “The Method Gun,” they're smug and in-jokey, like a table full of popular kids who won't let you put your tray down. (There are plays in the middle, too, like the half-formed “Stop Hitting Yourself,” which played at LCT3 a few years ago and is fondly remembered for its queso fountain.)
Image Thomas Graves plays Ivan, the intellectual, in “Field Guide” at the Yale Repertory Theater. Credit Joan Marcus
“Field Guide,” directed by Shawn Sides, isn't one of the great ones. It begins well enough, with an anhedonic standup set by Hannah Kenah, a pileup of nonjokes like “So I ran into my hairdresser at a coffee shop the other day. I think they were pretty disappointed.” They land with the bounce of a punctured beach ball.
We're then introduced to the Karamazov dad and brothers, who are dressed in Sarah Woodham's period-lite costumes. For those keeping score at home, there's Dmitri, the bad boy; Ivan, the intellectual; Alyosha, the aspiring monk; and Smerdyakov, the bastard.
After that, there are more nonjokes, more plot summaries, more self-driving furniture and a monologue delivered by a bear that probably made more sense in rehearsal. I don't doubt that there's powerful internal logic driving the ordering of these sections, but external logic is nice, too. And a lot of the techniques that once seemed fresh — the fragments, the slapstick, the madcap sound design — now feel like clichés.
Every so often the jokes edge toward something sadder and more searching, as when Ms. Kenah takes the mic again to reflect that while reading a novel means sharing in another's suffering, “in real life, solitude is solitary. Sorrow is brutal.”
In a scene near the end, several actors sit down to dinner together and read aloud inspirational passages from the novel. “I think everyone should love life above everything in the world,” one says. “How good life is when one does something good and just,” another offers.
“The Brothers Karamazov” goes heavy on suicide and rotting corpses, but as a guidebook for life, you could do worse. And as inspiration for a sardonic, ramshackle show, you could do a lot better.
Field Guide
Through Feb. 17 at the Yale Repertory Theater, New Haven; 203-432-1234, yalerep.org. Running time: 1 hour 20 minutes.
Sign up for the Theater Update Newsletter Every week, stay on top of the top-grossing Broadway shows, recent reviews, Critics' Picks and more. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
Chicago Cubs' Ian Happ (8) runs the bases after hitting a home run as New York Mets starting pitcher Matt Harvey (33) walks on the mound during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
NEW YORK (AP) -- Mets second baseman Neil Walker injured their left leg Wednesday night, the latest ailment to befall a New York team hampered by a long list of health problems the past two seasons.
Walker tried to bunt for a hit in the third inning Wednesday night against the Chicago Cubs and appeared to have a good chance to beat it out before pulling up lame about halfway down the line. After hobbling a few more steps, they grabbed at the back of their left leg and collapsed to the ground.
Thrown out at first base but credited with a sacrifice, the switch-hitter eventually got up and walked off the field with a trainer and manager Terry Collins.
''I'm concerned,'' Collins said after the Mets rallied for a 9-4 victory.
Lucas Duda entered in the fourth inning at first base, with T.J. Rivera shifting from first to second. A couple of innings later, the Mets announced Walker has a left leg injury and will have an MRI on Thursday.
The injury occurred one night after double-play partner Asdrubal Cabrera went on the 10-day disabled list with a sprained left thumb.
In their second season with the Mets, Walker is batting .270 with nine homers and 33 RBIs.
Walker matched their career high with 23 home runs during a solid 2016 season that ended in late August because of a back injury. They had surgery in September.
In other injury-related news, former ace Matt Harvey plans to see a doctor Thursday after giving up three home runs in four innings.
Left-hander Josh Smoker was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a strained left shoulder and right-hander Rafael Montero was recalled from Triple-A Las Vegas. Smoker threw 81 pitches in long relief Tuesday night - 33 more than their previous career high in the majors.
Mets outfielder Michael Conforto (stiff back) was held out of the starting lineup for the third consecutive night but said they felt great.
''It tightened up a few days ago and I think we're pretty sensitive to those kinds of things lately,'' Conforto said. ''We're just being really cautious.''
Conforto struck out as a pinch hitter in the sixth.
''I think what (Collins) really wants is for me to be 100 percent for this weekend,'' Conforto said.
New York (30-34) begins a pivotal four-game series Thursday night against NL East-leading Washington.
Mets slugger Yoenis Cespedes received a scheduled rest Wednesday but is expected to start the next three games against the Nationals, Collins said. Cespedes, who recently returned from a strained hamstring, singled as a pinch hitter in the eighth and was immediately removed for a pinch runner.
---
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The two Russian girls from Tynda have done out the ordinary. These girls have taken their Yoga skills to the next level by performing it at the bone-chilling weather of -40 degree Celsius in Oymyakom in Siberia.This lowest temperature is enough to take your breath away but the video of these ladies showing their daring act have made them famous across the globe.
Yoga is good for health. Everybody should include yoga and meditation in their daily routine but the two Russian girls have broken the stereotype of Yoga by doing something extraordinary with their skills. Yulia and Ekaterina recently performed the Surya Namaskar and Chakrasana in the bone-chilling temperature of the –40 degree Celsius in Oymyakon, Siberia that often breaks the records of the lowest temperature by going to as low as -60 degree Celsius. Nobody dares to visit such places and risk their lives but the Russian girls seem to have the supernatural power of withstanding frigid temperatures. Yoga enthusiasts, Yulia and Ekaterina said that are used to the cold.
The video which they have recorded has gone viral and has catapulted them to global stardom. Russia is a cold country we can understand people are habitual to the cold and frost but still a human being needs to maintain their body temperature in any weather. This is not the first time that one has performed such Yoga. Many people have shown their Yoga skills in the most unlikely places. But this act of Yulia and Ekaterina also challenges the science and raises questions about how can a normal human being resist such harsh temperature without taking any precautions.
Trade pressure and faltering U.S. competitiveness, not automation was the main reason the U.S. lost 5.7 million manufacturing jobs between 2000 and 2010, according to a new report from the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation (ITIF).
“We keep hearing from economists and pundits that the United States has lost the bulk of its manufacturing jobs to automation, so there's nothing we can do to get them back. But that's simply not true,” said Adams Nager, ITIF's economic policy analyst and the report's author.
“It's time to stop blaming manufacturing job losses solely on robots and start recognizing the impact of America's lagging competitiveness and other countries' unfair trade practices,” Nager added.
“The good news is there's something we can do about both issues. If policymakers focus on rolling back foreign innovation mercantilism, especially in China, and develop a robust national competitiveness and productivity agenda, then America can close its manufacturing trade deficit and create manufacturing jobs.”
The report points to two main areas in which statistical evidence belies the false claim that automation and productivity growth were the biggest causes of the major manufacturing job losses seen in the early 2000s. First, while productivity growth in manufacturing compared to the rest of the economy was fairly consistent from 1990 to 2010—25.8% in the 1990s and 22.7% in the 2000s—job losses in the latter decade were 10 times greater than in the former.
Second, government statistics significantly overstate manufacturing productivity growth, the group says. Government data shows an astonishing 179% increase in computer manufacturing output from 2000 to 2010. But companies actually produced fewer computers during this time, not more. The discrepancy is explained by the fact that the massive growth in productivity represents increasing computer processing speeds. "The mismeasurement of this subsector of manufacturing significantly skews manufacturing statistics overall, masking decline and leading many analysts to erroneously conclude that productivity had to have been the driver of employment losses," the group says.
In fact, controlling for this massive overstatement, it turns out that real value added from U.S. manufacturing grew just 6.4% since 2000, not the reported 19.3%.
Instead of attributing manufacturing job losses primarily to automation and productivity, ITIF argues that global competition contributed to upwards of two-thirds of the manufacturing jobs lost from 2000 to 2010. During this time, rapid growth in imports, particularly from China, reduced U.S. output in 12 of 19 manufacturing sectors. Simultaneously, China ramped up its mercantilist polices—from currency manipulation to forced intellectual property transfers and government subsidies—all of which hurt U.S. manufacturing employment.
Nager warns that continuing to embrace the false narrative of vibrant manufacturing productivity growth distracts attention from the need to get tougher on foreign mercantilism and boost U.S. manufacturing productivity. Indeed, while manufacturing productivity grew 24% from 2002 to 2006, it only grew a dismal 1.5% from 2012 to 2016—hardly evidence of a so-called “fourth industrial revolution.”
And rather than entering a “fourth industrial revolution,” U.S. manufacturing productivity growth is actually near an all-time low the report says. Therefore, ITIF concludes, U.S. policymakers should aim to close the country's trade deficit in manufactured goods by fighting foreign mercantilism and pursuing a national competitiveness agenda that hinges in part on boosting manufacturing productivity rates.
The report estimates that successfully closing the manufacturing goods trade deficit this way would create 1.3 million jobs.
“Unless U.S. manufacturers can accelerate their productivity growth, it will be difficult for them to compete with manufacturers in other nations,” said Nager. “Productivity stagnation is a major reason why the manufacturing trade deficit has ballooned 53% since 2010.”
“Manufacturing is all over the news these days because President Trump has made revitalizing the sector a centerpiece of their agenda,” concluded Nager. “But pundits and economists continue to paint a highly misleading picture, not only about what happened to U.S. manufacturing, but also about what is happening now. We need to get the facts straight so Congress and the administration can enact much-needed reforms to grow manufacturing output and employment.”
Jordan Pakzad remembers the early days when they started playing lacrosse.
They began as an eighth-grader.
“The first couple of days were rough,” Pakzad said. “I was definitely a very physical player. I am still a little bit today, but I wasn't really understanding the rules. I was more going for the body instead of the ball.
“Hopefully, I've learned a little bit.”
Pakzad has not only mastered the rules, but the Corona del Mar senior defender has developed into one of the top players around, culminating this year with their selection as the Register's boys lacrosse player of the year.
The Register's All-County boys lacrosse team from top row left: Foothill's Ellis Geis, Corona del Mar's Jordan Pakzad, Nick Puglia, Will Favreau, Santa Margarita's Chase Lynch, Quentin Buchman, San Clemente's David Howren, Foothill's George Dalis, and El Toro's Tyler Collins. Bottom row from left: Foothill's Tony Delcrognale, Cole Falbo, Corona del Mar's Kyle Cord, Brennan Greenwald, Sachin Gokhale, St. Margaret's Kevin Groeninger, San Clemente's Nick Lemus, Beckman's Justin Cheng, Santa Margarita's Garrett Caruso, and Servite's Hayden Rodenbeck. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Jordan Pakzad is the Register's boys lacrosse player of the year. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Foothill head coach Jon Fox is this year's All-County boys lacrosse coach of the year. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
This year's All-County boys lacrosse team from top row left: Foothill's Ellis Geis, Corona del Mar's Jordan Pakzad, Nick Puglia, Will Favreau, Santa Margarita's Chase Lynch, Quentin Buchman, San Clemente's David Howren, Foothill's George Dalis, and El Toro's Tyler Collins. Bottom row from left: Foothill's Tony Delcrognale, Cole Falbo, Corona del Mar's Kyle Cord, Brennan Greenwald, Sachin Gokhale, St. Margaret's Kevin Groeninger, San Clemente's Nick Lemus, Beckman's Justin Cheng, Santa Margarita's Garrett Caruso, and Servite's Hayden Rodenbeck. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Jordan Pakzad is this year's boys lacrosse player of the year. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Kyle Cord is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Brennan Greenwald is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Will Favreau is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Sachin Gokhale is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Nick Puglia is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Foothill's Ellis Geis is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Foothill's George Dalis is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Foothill's Tony Delcrognale is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Quentin Buchman is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Garrett Caruso is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Chase Lynch is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
San Clemente's Nick Lemus is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
San Clemente's David Howren is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Servite's Hayden Rodenbeck is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
El Toro's Tyler Collins is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
St. Margaret's Kevin Groeninger is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Pakzad helped lead Corona del Mar to the Orange County title as a junior. This year, CdM had one of the toughest defenses to score against. The Sea Kings allowed double digits in scoring just two times and allowed five goals or fewer in 12 games.
“I think they handled things well,” Corona del Mar coach G.W. Mix said of Pakzad. “It is part of the process every year to try and find the next year's leaders. Jordan and a couple of others did a terrific job picking up where others left off.
“As with any team, it took time for them to understand what that (be a leader) meant. The best way for them to lead was by example. They work extremely hard and they expect a lot of himself, and consequentially, they expect a lot of their teammates.”
Pakzad points to this season as being the one where everything started to click for him. The Sea Kings won their first six games, eight of their first 10 and 18 of 20 leading into the O.C. Final against Foothill.
“I always struggled with whether I would be a leader or a follower,” Pakzad said. “I was kind of caught in an awkward in-between spot, and this year I think I took a step forward and decided to fill that leadership role. It was something that was difficult for me at the start, but it was something that at end … I felt like I had the whole team behind me.
“There was definitely a spot missing, and I think me and the other captain stepped up and helped lead this team.”
Pakzad originally committed to St. Joseph's after their sophomore season. They switched their commitment before their senior year to Rutgers.
“I played in a tournament and Rutgers saw me play and very shortly after I took a visit and committed to the school the day after I visited,” said Pakzad, who earned second-team All-County honors last season. “The Big 10 competition is something that was the biggest draw to me. You're going to play the best schools in the country every year, and that's something not every school can guarantee you. But there you're always going to be playing on a big stage.”
After watching their progress, Mix knows Pakzad will be ready when they arrive at Rutgers.
“Having watched some games, I think they fit in pretty well,” Mix said. “He's athletic, tough and aggressive and they want to be part of it. We're fortunate to have had kids that went on to play on the next level, and they're usually well-prepared for what's coming.”
Orel Hershiser, center, goofs around with John Hartung, left, Ned Colletti before going on the air for a live Dodgers show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo, CA on Thursday, October 5, 2017. Colletti is the former general manager of the Dodgers and has transitioned into the media world to offer their insight into the game at Spectrum. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
Ned Colletti checks their phone before taking part in a production meeting for a live Dodger show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo, CA on Thursday, October 5, 2017. Colletti is the former general manager of the Dodgers and has transitioned into the media world to offer their insight into the game at Spectrum. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
Ned Colletti and Orel Hershiser take part in a pre-production meeting before a live Dodgers show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo, CA on Thursday, October 5, 2017. Colletti is the former general manager of the Dodgers and has transitioned into the media world to offer their insight into the game at Spectrum. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
Ned Colletti shares a laugh with John Hartung before their live Dodgers show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo, CA on Thursday, October 5, 2017. Colletti is the former general manager of the Dodgers and has transitioned into the media world to offer their insight into the game at Spectrum. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
From left, John Hartung and Orel Hershiser get in a little ribbing on Ned Colletti as they tie their tie before going on the air for a live Dodgers show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo, CA on Thursday, October 5, 2017. Colletti is the former general manager of the Dodgers and has transitioned into the media world to offer their insight into the game at Spectrum. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
Ned Colletti prepares for a live Dodgers show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo, CA on Thursday, October 5, 2017. Colletti is the former general manager of the Dodgers and has transitioned into the media world to offer their insight into the game at Spectrum. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
Ned Colletti, left, and John Hartung chat at Hartung's desk before taking the air for a live Dodgers show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo, CA on Thursday, October 5, 2017. Colletti is the former general manager of the Dodgers and has transitioned into the media world to offer their insight into the game at Spectrum. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
From left, producer Matt MacLachlan, John Hartung, Ned Colletti and Orel Hershiser prepare notes before a live Dodgers show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo, CA on Thursday, October 5, 2017. Colletti is the former general manager of the Dodgers and has transitioned into the media world to offer their insight into the game at Spectrum. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
Ned Colletti chats with John Hartung before their live Dodgers show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo, CA on Thursday, October 5, 2017. Colletti is the former general manager of the Dodgers and has transitioned into the media world to offer their insight into the game at Spectrum. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
From left, Orel Hershiser, Matt MacLachlan and Ned Colletti prepare notes before a live Dodgers show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo, CA on Thursday, October 5, 2017. Colletti is the former general manager of the Dodgers and has transitioned into the media world to offer their insight into the game at Spectrum. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
Ned Colletti, center, is joined by, from left, producer Matt MacLachlan and John Hartung and, right, Orel Hershiser preparing notes before a live Dodgers show in the Spectrum SportsNet LA offices in El Segundo on Thursday. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze/SCNG)
Ned Colletti has apparently reached a point in their life where they can't even walk out of a Beverly Hills restaurant without a TMZ camera chasing them up the street, trying to extract a comment about something it deems relevant.
OK, it's only happened once. And no one was injured or embarrassed.
What passes for a newsworthy event these days is a far stretch from the journalism Colletti once loved and practiced, and considered as a possible career path.
With the release of their new book, “The Big Chair: The Smooth Hops and Bad Bounces from the Inside World of the Acclaimed Los Angeles Dodgers General Manager” (G.P. Putnam's Sons/Penguin Random House, $28), the 63-year-old gets to circle back to their days as a scribe. Relaying life lessons learned – most from that nine-year run as the Dodgers general manager under the controversial McCourt regime – they have condensed into 440 pages and 145,000 words things they say they never imagined would be worthy of publication.
Imagine what would have happened if this journalism major at Northern Illinois University, spending their early years as sportswriter in Chicago covering Big Ten football and basketball, had continued on in the media world had their employer, the Philadelphia Journal, not folded in 1981 and ended their run as the NHL Flyers beat reporter.
“I loved to write and thought this was a way to keep me close to sport – at 5-foot-8, I knew I wasn't going to be a professional player unless my name was Altuve,” Colletti said, in reference to the Houston Astros' AL MVP candidate.
Colletti talked this week from the SportsNet L.A. studios in El Segundo, prior to taping a Dodger playoff preview show.
“I thought I would try to cobble a career in sports by writing about it … and I loved covering the NHL. Maybe I'd have branched out and covered Major League Baseball at some point. Had the journalism industry continued to be vibrant, I might still be doing that. I don't know.”
Life happens – their father, at that time, was undergoing treatment for lung cancer, and Colletti needed to get back to Chicago as a 26-year-old scrambling to find work with a wife and new-born son.
Soon, a media-relations and publications director job for the Chicago Cubs turned up — they negotiated their way to getting both positions – and they were on a new path in baseball administration.
Flip through a few more chapters that cover that rocky road as the Dodgers GM that ended after the 2014 playoffs, and they briefly explain how they got back into the media business as a studio analyst with the Dodger-owned cable channel, part of a group that right away won a local Emmy Award, all for just talking into a TV camera.
If Colletti hasn't figured out by now that their career narrative is finding a door opening after one door closes, why shouldn't they just continue trusting the process now?
THE COMMUNICATOR IN THE CLASSROOM
For the first two years of Colletti's time at SportsNet L.A., they also had the title of special adviser to team president Stan Kasten, but that buyout/cushion ended last January. If Colletti has any label attached to them now aside from TV talking head, it's that of a professor at Pepperdine University in Malibu — an executive in residence in sports administration, teaching COM 590.3 (The General Manager) and COM 590.4 (Sport Communication & Media) every Tuesday and Friday morning.
One of their students – Sam Ravech, the son of ESPN “Baseball Tonight” host Karl Ravech – has already parlayed Colletti's encouragement into a play-by-play job with the San Francisco Giants' Double-A team in Virginia.
The fact Colletti even considered a media job once their GM run ended is a tribute to how they handled themselves in that role when under scrutiny by the media, fair or unfair, as they describe in the book how they often had to work with their hands tied by McCourt shenanigans.
“The typical response might have been: I'm going away and don't want to see anyone again and vanish into the atmosphere,” said Colletti. “But I didn't want to do that. I really wanted another challenge.
“This had to be a good challenge for me – I didn't go to broadcasting school. So here I am and now I have to learn how to do it. The people here have been among the best people I've ever worked with. I don't say it as an advertisement, I say it as a fact I tell them all the time.”
A.J. Ponsiglione, the Spectrum Sports senior coordinating producer for studio and remote programming, said that “you could tell the way they handled themselves in that role that they had the chops to be a good communicator. While they may be closely attached to the team, their value in the studio is immeasurable for this kind of moments (with the playoffs here). They have improved every year.”
Orel Hershiser, in the studio now for SNLA commentary after their run with Joe Davis in the booth calling games this season, adds that the further Colletti gets away from that GM spot, “he's become a better broadcaster. We've watched Ned really grow and gain confidence in telling more stories. The farther we are from it, the more secrets we can reveal.”
Hershiser also notes that as the MLB Network adds depth with former GMs like John Hart and Dan O'Dowd on their set, Colletti “brings us tons of information and personal experience” to the mix of ex-athletes.
Colletti says they have learned the most from John Hartung, the former KABC-Channel 7 sports and news anchor who has been the constant point person with “Access SportsNet: Dodgers.” They call Hartung “one of my best friends … the person who anchors that desk can make it as difficult or as easy or as interesting or whatever they want, and their style and class and grace and willingness to help me have been great.”
Hartung answers: “It's all about the dimension they bring that maybe no other local sports show has, with their 30 years of making moves in that big chair. They have so many first-hand stories of all these Dodgers players – their finger prints are all over this roster still.”
Maybe now that he's got a book out that's bound to be on some best-seller lists, Colletti will be apt to stop and visit with the next TMZ reporter that stops him. That ought to blow the “reporter's” mind.
“I don't know if (the TMZ encounter) means I've arrived … I'm just still trying to get where I'm going,” Colletti says. “And I'm not sure where I'm going. But I'm still trying to get there.
More Q&A with Colletti about their past life in journalism and what they have learned at www.insidesocal.com/tomhoffarth.
MEASURING MEDIA MAYHEM
WHAT SMOKES
== Ten years ago this month, Dan Patrick came out to L.A. fresh after an 18-year career at ESPN made KLAC-AM (570) their first major launching point of a 25-market syndicated radio show with their name on it. It was fitting that they got to spend this past week back in L.A. – at the DirecTV L.A. Broadcaster Center studios in Marina del Rey – to bask in the celebration of making it last to this point, including a regular simulcast on DirecTV Audience Network and NBCSN, plus growth to 318 radio affiliates and studios also in Milford, Conn., and New York City. Special guests included L.A. mayor Eric Garcetti on Friday delivering a proclamation of congratulations and to “recognize (the show's) invaluable contribution to the institution of sports journalism.” Ten years? Doesn't it just seem like yesterday? “Naw, sometimes it seems like 20 years actually,” Patrick said with a laugh after Friday's show. “But a lot of times we forget what we did, and you'll see a picture and it reminds you of how far we've come.” Patrick plans to be in L.A. with “The Danettes” at least three times a year even though their three-year run of “Sports Jeopardy” for Crackle and NBCSN, taping at the Sony Studios in Culver City, is on a hiatus until the producers figure out how to best distribute it. Patrick's next big news: Later this month, they will announce the launch a sports school broadcasting BA program at Full Sail University in Winter Park, Fla. “That's the next chapter, to teach people with webinars and Skype,” they said. “I'm excited about teaching.”
WHAT CHOKES
== Response has been convincingly predictable to Carolina quarterback Cam Newton's assessment of a female beat reporter's question this week, as well as their follow-up “apology,” but the fact that the backlash has intensified even days later must mean there's some underlying current that has finally come to a boiling point. The Guardian, for example, ran a story that said Newton's “sexism controversy is the perfect parable for our time.” Lesley Visser, the longtime CBS correspondent and first woman honored by the Pro Football Hall of Fame for their journalism career, responded in the Washington Post: “Personally, I am staggeringly gratified that the reaction was to diminish their thought, not celebrate it. Because for the 40 years that I have covered the NFL, the first 15 years were people agreeing with Cam Newton.”
There is a distinctly international flavour to a colourful selection of new books this Christmas from the rather aptly named Gecko Press.
Based in Wellington, New Zealand, Gecko Press is an independent publisher of ‘curiously good' children's books and is on a mission to translate works by some of the world's best writers and illustrators. By championing eclectic stories, rich in language and illustration and with a strong ‘heart factor,' it aims to encourage children to love to read.
Age 5 plus:
Impossible Inventions: Ideas that shouldn't work by Malgorzata Mycielska and Aleksandra and Daniel Mizielinski
Let your children revel in the power of the imagination with some amazing and oddball inventions that many of us have never even heard of!
Polish author and illustration team, Malgorzata Mycielska and Aleksandra and Daniel Mizielinski, have put together this entertaining and creative fully illustrated book which uncovers 28 extraordinary patented inventions that never saw the light of day.
Some are revolutionary, some are extraordinary and some are downright oddball and comical but each one testifies to the remarkable imagination of their inventor.
Marvel at Leonardo da Vinci, the 15th century artist who invented an elevator, a tank, a helicopter, a pair of shoes for walking on water but was considered to be just a dreamer, yet today is recognised as a genius way ahead of their time.
And have fun discovering other inventions like a flying bicycle, a bubble messenger, passenger clouds and passenger birds, a robotic chess master, a concentration helmet and many more astonishing – and almost impossible – ideas.
This brilliant book, which includes ideas ancient and modern, revolutionary and comical, is simply brimming with witty, richly coloured illustrations and concise, fully accessible descriptions and will hopefully inspire a new generation of youngsters to get inventing themselves!
(Gecko Press, hardback, £14.99)
Age 5 plus:
Wolfy by Grégoire Solotareff
With over a million copies sold in its original French edition, Wolfy is an enduring and endearing story about a rabbit and a wolf who want to be best friends.
Wolfy is a beautiful story about the youthful innocence of friendship, full of fun and humour and featuring prolific author and illustrator Grégoire Solotareff's world class artwork with dramatic perspectives and warm characters.
Once upon a time there was a rabbit who had never seen a wolf, and a young wolf who had never seen a rabbit. The pair meet and become good friends. Tom the rabbit teaches the wolf to play marbles, read, count and fish. Wolfy teaches Tom to run very, very fast. But eventually their friendship is tested by the classic game, Who's afraid of the big bad wolf? Can the little rabbit and the young wolf remain the best of friends after playing such a scary game?
Beautifully offbeat, gorgeously illustrated and with an uplifting message about friendship, diversity, understanding and loyalty, this is a warm and wise book which will delight both youngsters and their parents.
(Gecko Press, hardback, £11.99)
Age 5 plus:
Follow Finn: A Search-and-Find Maze Book by Peter Goes
Everyone likes a challenge and children will be raring to go when they open the pages of this magnificent search-and-find book of mazes and puzzles from Peter Goes, Belgian illustrator and author of international bestseller Timeline.
Readers can follow adventurer Finn through the story while completing the super search-and-find mazes and exciting puzzles.
Finn wakes up with a start. Goblins are on the loose and the house are in uproar! When they flee, Finn's dog Sep follows so Finn quickly gathers their clothes to join the chase… but can they find their way through this fabulous fantasy world?
Each spread in this exquisitely drawn book is packed with detail, and the text gives the reader tasks along with telling the story…help Finn gather their clothes, find a mouse, three bulls and five rabbits, work out the right keys for the right lock, and locate the beginning and end of each maze.
The busy, highly detailed, two-tone illustrations make the book a thrilling challenge for youngsters as they follow Finn on their magical, mystery-packed tour which is guaranteed to keep youngsters absorbed and entertained for hours.
(Gecko Press, hardback, £11.99)
Age 3 plus:
Good Night Sleep Tight by Kristina Andres
Award-winning German artist Kristina Andres works their special magic in a beautiful read-aloud book featuring 11½ goodnight stories from friends fox and hare who help each other get to sleep… sometimes!
Full of heartwarming stories of friendship, fun and life in the country, this is a gorgeous hardback, gift book and the enchanting stories are destined to become a family favourite.
Fox and Rabbit live quite far away in a bright little house beyond the molehills. If they can't sleep, they count the goodnights (335 in total) and when they wish each other a goodnight, the rustling pear tree, the raspberries and the stars join in. But sometimes when they can't sleep, they do outrageous things like swing on the light shades, jump from the wardrobe on to the mattress and invent new words and ways of saying goodnight. But whichever way they get to sleep, they are always best friends.
The perfect wind-down book for reading at bedtime… it might even help to send little ones off to sleep!
(Gecko Press, hardback, £12.99)
Age 3 plus:
The Longest Breakfast by Jenny Bornholdt and Sarah Wilkins
What is the best meal of the day? It has to be breakfast!
Young readers will be hungry to feast their eyes on this warm-hearted, fun-filled and riotous picture book romp about the best – and busiest –meal of the day from top New Zealand duo, poet Jenny Bornholdt and illustrator Sarah Wilkins.
The baby wants breakfast so kind-hearted Malcolm gets out of bed to get started. Then in comes Toby. And Una and Toto, then Alice… they are all hungry too. And then Conrad and their sister Ruby arrive from next door in search of breakfast. Malcolm is rushed off their feet now because everyone wants to eat something different. But who is taking notice of the baby?
The Longest Breakfast is a fun story full of recognisable scenes from family life and with an adorable baby at the centre. Every parent will relate to the kindly Malcolm as they try to handle all the requests for food while children will love following the joke that is hidden in the illustrations.
And with a brilliant twist in the ending, this is a book that children will want to return to time and time again!
(Gecko Press, paperback, £7.99)
Age one plus:
Bim Bam Boom by Frédéric Stehr
Here's a colourful and playful board book that will have your little music maestros dancing for joy!
Bim Bam Boom – the work of French illustrator Frédéric Stehr – captures the addictive delight of making music with anything to hand as well as celebrating the all-too-familiar cheekiness of a typical toddler.
A pot and two wooden spoons… bim, bam, a little owl is making music! Canary, sparrow, chick and raven join them to create sound and rhythm with a selection of pots and pans, two saucepan lids, a bowl and a ladle. Boom, boom. What ARE you all doing? asks Big Owl. It seems this kind of tin-pan music isn't for everyone.
Full of quirky characters, energy and naughtiness, Bim Bam Boom is a symphony of fun and frolics, and little ones will love following the flock of noisy birds right up to the delightful twist in the tail!
(Gecko Press, board book, £7.99)
NEW YORK (AP) — Katy Perry, Ed Sheeran and The Chainsmokers will perform at the iHeartRadio Music Awards in Los Angeles.
Additional performers announced Wednesday include Shawn Mendes, Thomas Rhett, Noah Cyrus and Big Sean. Bruno Mars has also been previously announced as a performer.
Drake leads all nominees with 12 nominations, including male artist of the year, at the fourth annual awards show. The show will air live on TBS, TNT and truTV on Sunday, March 5.
—
Online: http://news.iheart.com/features/iheartradio-music-awards-15/
The German government says the leaders of Germany, Russia, Ukraine and France have renewed their commitment to implementing a faltering peace deal for eastern Ukraine.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's office said the German leader spoke by phone Monday night with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and French President Francois Hollande.
A 2015 peace deal brokered by France and Germany has helped reduce the scale of fighting, but violence has continued and attempts at a political settlement have failed.
The German statement early Tuesday said the four leaders stressed their commitment to implementing the "security and political aspects of the deal," underlined the importance of respecting a cease-fire and urged progress on the exchange of prisoners.
They voiced hope that the four-country format will continue under France's next president.
With the spring temperatures the area has been having, thoughts are returning once again to baseball and softball. The Opp High School varsity and JV Bobcats and the Lady Bobcats and JV Lady Bobcats are hard at work running drills and practicing for their opening games. The varsity will open its season on Monday, Feb. 20, Presidents Day, against Bozeman High School Bucks, of Panama City, Fla. They will play in Dothan. The varsity and JV will both be at home on Tuesday, Feb. 21 to host the Andalusia High School Bulldogs with the JV game starting at 4:30 p.m. and the varsity game to follow. The Lady Bobcats and JV Lady Bobcats will be on the road on Feb. 21 when they travel to Kinston to take on the Lady Bulldogs with a 4 p.m. start time. Their first home game will be on Feb. 23 when they host Goshen. Joe Lee/The Opp News.
Global Forecast - Asia as of 13:30 GMT Wednesday, January 31, 2018
Minimum and maximum temperatures in Celsius, precipitation in centimeters and weather conditions as recorded for the previous day (Jan 30 except Asia and Australia where data is for Jan 31) and forecast for the current and following day in each city as of 1330 GMT:
_____
CITY;MIN;MAX;COND;PRECIP;MIN;MAX;COND;MIN;MAX;COND
Abidjan;25;31;pc;0.2;25;31;c;25;31;pc
Abu Dhabi;16;21;clr;0;16;22;pc;15;22;clr
Aleppo;3;14;clr;0;4;14;clr;3;14;clr
Algiers;11;17;pc;0;9;18;pc;6;14;rn
Amsterdam;3;10;rn;0;3;6;c;1;7;rn
Anchorage;-15;-8;clr;0;-16;-10;clr;-14;-10;clr
Ashgabat;-3;7;clr;0;2;14;clr;-2;9;pc
Astana;-24;-9;pc;0;-24;-14;pc;-19;-12;pc
Asuncion;25;32;rn;3.56;25;34;c;22;33;pc
Athens;8;17;pc;0;8;16;pc;12;16;pc
Auckland;21;26;pc;0;19;23;rn;17;23;c
Baghdad;3;18;clr;0;5;19;clr;5;19;clr
Bahrain;15;19;clr;0;15;20;clr;15;20;clr
Banda Aceh;23;34;rn;3.18;22;31;rn;23;32;rn
Bangalore;13;29;clr;0;13;30;clr;13;30;c
Bangkok;23;33;rn;3.38;20;28;pc;21;31;clr
Barcelona;6;15;pc;0;4;11;rn;4;11;pc
Beijing;-8;4;clr;0;-7;4;pc;-10;-1;clr
Belgrade;1;13;pc;0;7;14;pc;7;15;pc
Berlin;3;9;rn;1.78;1;6;pc;1;5;c
Bogota;7;21;pc;0;7;21;c;9;22;rn
Brasilia;20;27;rn;0;19;26;rn;19;25;c
Bratislava;2;7;pc;3.81;2;7;rn;0;4;rn
Brisbane;21;32;clr;3.81;19;25;rn;19;25;rn
Brussels;1;9;rn;2.24;1;6;pc;2;5;rn
Bucharest;-3;11;clr;0;-1;10;clr;3;12;pc
Budapest;4;6;pc;0;4;11;rn;1;8;rn
Buenos Aires;22;30;pc;0;23;31;clr;20;29;clr
Bujumbura;18;30;c;7.59;20;31;c;19;30;rn
Busan;-2;6;pc;0;-3;7;clr;-3;8;pc
Cairo;10;20;pc;0;9;20;clr;10;21;clr
Cape Town;15;24;clr;1.09;17;27;clr;15;23;pc
Caracas;19;26;pc;0.48;19;25;pc;18;25;pc
Chennai;18;31;clr;0;18;32;clr;20;31;clr
Chicago;-4;7;c;0;-14;-2;pc;-9;-6;clr
Colombo;23;31;rn;4.19;23;32;pc;23;31;pc
Copenhagen;2;5;rn;0;1;4;rn;-1;3;sn
Dakar;16;22;clr;0;16;21;pc;16;21;clr
Dallas;11;22;pc;0;4;18;pc;6;13;pc
Dar es Salaam;24;33;pc;0;24;32;pc;24;32;pc
Denver;-4;12;pc;0;-3;4;sn;1;13;c
Dhahran;9;20;clr;0;10;22;clr;10;22;clr
Dhaka;14;24;clr;0;16;27;pc;16;28;pc
Dili;25;32;rn;3.3;24;31;rn;23;31;c
Dubai;16;22;clr;0;16;22;pc;15;23;clr
Dublin;2;6;rn;2.62;0;6;pc;2;7;pc
Dushanbe;-3;9;pc;0.25;-4;9;clr;-3;9;pc
Gibraltar;13;16;rn;2.51;9;16;pc;8;13;clr
Hanoi;10;14;c;0.76;9;17;clr;8;14;c
Harare;17;27;rn;7.37;18;25;rn;18;27;c
Havana;17;24;pc;0;20;26;pc;20;27;pc
Helsinki;-3;-2;sn;7.37;-4;-1;sn;-6;-1;sn
Ho Chi Minh City;24;32;pc;0.25;23;32;pc;21;32;clr
Hong Kong;7;14;c;0.66;10;15;clr;8;17;pc
Honolulu;23;27;rn;1.12;23;28;rn;23;28;rn
Hyderabad;14;32;clr;0;15;32;clr;15;32;clr
Islamabad;9;21;c;3.56;8;23;pc;6;22;pc
Istanbul;5;11;clr;0;10;15;clr;10;15;c
Jakarta;24;31;pc;6.65;25;31;rn;24;31;rn
Jeddah;20;29;clr;0;20;29;clr;21;29;clr
Jerusalem;4;13;clr;0;4;14;clr;5;16;clr
Johannesburg;16;25;pc;2.54;17;28;rn;16;26;c
Kabul;-7;5;sn;0;-8;7;clr;-9;8;clr
Karachi;15;28;clr;0;13;30;pc;12;28;pc
Kathmandu;8;16;pc;0;6;19;pc;5;20;clr
Khartoum;14;27;clr;0;17;31;clr;18;32;clr
Kiev;-2;2;c;6.81;1;5;pc;1;7;pc
Kingston;23;30;pc;0;23;30;rn;22;29;rn
Kinshasa;24;32;c;0.23;24;32;c;23;31;c
Kolkata;13;29;clr;0;14;27;pc;14;28;pc
Kuala Lumpur;23;33;pc;2.34;23;33;rn;23;32;c
Kuwait;5;18;clr;0;7;20;clr;7;21;clr
La Paz;6;14;pc;1.27;6;13;rn;5;13;rn
Lagos;24;34;clr;0;25;32;clr;24;32;pc
Lima;20;25;pc;0;20;24;pc;20;24;pc
Lisbon;9;17;pc;0;8;14;clr;6;13;clr
London;3;9;rn;0.66;2;6;pc;2;7;pc
Los Angeles;13;27;clr;0;13;26;pc;12;27;clr
Luanda;25;30;pc;0;25;31;pc;26;31;pc
Madrid;1;14;clr;0;0;11;rn;-1;9;clr
Male;27;30;rn;0.99;27;30;rn;27;30;rn
Manaus;25;30;rn;6.1;25;30;rn;24;29;rn
Manila;23;30;pc;0.25;23;32;pc;23;32;pc
Mecca;21;32;pc;0;22;32;pc;21;32;pc
Melbourne;11;19;pc;4.45;13;22;pc;14;23;clr
Mexico City;7;21;pc;0;8;22;pc;8;24;pc
Miami;19;23;pc;0;18;25;pc;19;26;pc
Minsk;-2;0;pc;11.53;0;3;sn;-1;2;sn
Mogadishu;23;30;clr;0;24;30;pc;24;30;clr
Montevideo;19;29;pc;0;21;30;clr;18;25;clr
Montreal;-7;-6;sn;0;-11;2;sn;-19;-10;clr
Moscow;-13;-2;sn;4.37;-11;-8;c;0;2;sn
Mumbai;17;36;pc;0;17;35;pc;17;33;pc
Nairobi;14;27;pc;0;13;29;clr;13;28;clr
New Delhi;12;25;pc;0;11;25;pc;12;26;pc
New York;-1;1;clr;1.78;-2;8;rn;-9;0;sn
Nicosia;5;18;pc;0;6;18;pc;6;18;clr
Novosibirsk;-23;-14;clr;0;-21;-12;pc;-21;-13;c
Osaka-shi;0;6;pc;0;1;6;rn;2;7;pc
Oslo;-2;3;sn;2.54;-6;1;sn;-13;-4;clr
Ottawa;-8;-7;sn;1.09;-14;2;sn;-21;-14;clr
Pago Pago;25;30;c;4.88;25;29;rn;25;29;rn
Panama City;25;32;rn;0.23;25;33;pc;24;32;pc
Paramaribo;23;30;pc;0.25;24;29;rn;23;31;pc
Paris;2;10;rn;4.7;1;7;pc;1;6;pc
Perth;20;31;clr;0;21;29;clr;22;28;pc
Phnom Penh;23;34;pc;3.25;22;31;clr;21;32;clr
Port Moresby;23;30;c;0;21;26;rn;22;26;rn
Port-au-prince;21;32;pc;0;20;31;pc;20;32;pc
Prague;4;9;rn;1.02;1;6;c;0;4;c
Pyongyang;-16;1;pc;0;-14;-1;clr;-12;1;sn
Quito;11;22;c;0.89;12;22;c;13;22;rn
Rabat;6;16;c;0;9;16;clr;4;14;pc
Recife;26;31;rn;2.26;26;31;rn;26;31;c
Reykjavik;-5;-1;pc;3.78;0;1;sn;0;4;sn
Riga;-1;2;c;8.41;-1;3;rn;-3;1;c
Rio de Janeiro;22;28;rn;30.63;23;28;rn;23;28;c
Riyadh;6;17;clr;0;6;20;clr;7;20;clr
Rome;8;13;pc;0;11;15;c;8;15;rn
Saint Petersburg;-14;-7;pc;1.68;-6;-5;sn;-6;1;sn
San Francisco;9;16;pc;0;10;18;pc;10;18;clr
San Jose;19;26;pc;0.46;17;27;pc;17;27;pc
San Juan;23;28;rn;0;23;27;clr;23;28;pc
San Salvador;17;25;clr;0;18;26;clr;18;26;clr
Sana'a;6;24;clr;0;7;23;clr;6;23;clr
Santiago;16;33;clr;0;16;33;clr;15;31;clr
Santo Domingo;21;27;clr;0.46;20;26;pc;20;27;pc
São Paulo;5;18;clr;0;3;13;clr;1;12;clr
Seattle;6;8;rn;0.48;7;9;rn;9;12;rn
Seoul;-9;1;c;1.5;-8;1;clr;-8;3;clr
Shanghai;-1;3;c;0;0;6;pc;0;7;pc
Singapore;25;35;rn;9.14;26;32;c;25;32;c
Sofia;-4;11;pc;0;-2;10;pc;3;10;pc
St. John's;23;27;clr;0.25;21;27;pc;22;27;clr
Stockholm;0;3;c;0.13;-2;2;c;-6;0;sn
Sydney;18;22;c;2.44;18;21;c;18;23;pc
Taipei City;11;16;rn;9.75;12;13;rn;10;16;rn
Tallinn;-3;-1;sn;10.59;-2;2;sn;-4;1;sn
Tashkent;-4;5;pc;0;-3;9;clr;-5;9;pc
Tbilisi;-1;8;rn;0;-4;5;clr;-2;8;clr
Tehran;-3;6;clr;0.51;-2;8;clr;-2;8;clr
Tel Aviv;9;19;clr;0;10;20;clr;11;22;clr
Tirana;4;14;pc;0;7;15;rn;12;16;rn
Tokyo;1;9;pc;0;2;6;rn;3;4;sn
Toronto;0;1;c;1.8;-11;3;pc;-10;-8;pc
Tripoli;9;17;clr;0;14;21;c;17;24;c
Tunis;8;20;clr;0;11;19;c;10;21;clr
Ulan Bator;-31;-17;pc;0;-33;-20;c;-29;-18;clr
Vancouver;3;6;rn;0.51;5;6;rn;6;9;rn
Vienna;1;10;pc;0.48;2;8;rn;1;4;c
Vientiane;13;22;c;0;14;23;c;12;27;pc
Vilnius;-1;2;c;4.27;-1;3;rn;-2;2;c
Warsaw;2;6;pc;4.11;0;6;rn;-1;5;c
Wellington;21;24;pc;0;16;26;c;15;20;rn
Yangon;14;32;clr;0;15;32;clr;16;32;clr
Yerevan;-3;4;clr;0;-9;4;clr;-8;5;clr
Legend: clr...clear;pc...partly cloudy;c...cloudy;rn...rain;sn...snow
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
_____
Keywords: Forecast, Global, Asia
The Latest on the next trial phase of the man facing a possible death sentence for slaying nine people during Bible study (all times local):
9:30 a.m.
A federal judge has shut out the public from a second hearing on the competency of a man charged with killing nine black people during Bible study at a South Carolina church.
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel ruled Monday that Dylann Roof's right to a fair trial could be hampered if jurors mulling their sentence learned the contents of the hearing.
Jay Bender, an attorney for The Associated Press and other media outlets, argued against the closure. Bender said closing the hearing to the public would be keeping the community from an important part of the legal process.
Gergel said they would have had to sequester the jury if they opened up the hearing. The judge said they didn't think jurors would intentionally seek out information about the result but might come by it inadvertently, a risk they couldn't take. Gergel said he'd release a transcript of the hearing after a verdict is reached in the case.
Jurors are set to begin hearing evidence Tuesday as to why prosecutors feel they should be put to death for killing nine people at Emanuel AME Church in June 2015.
———
3:30 a.m.
The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating their punishment.
The sentencing phase of Roof's trial begins Tuesday in Charleston. They could face the death penalty.
With Roof representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. The 22-year-old said they plan to call no witnesses or introduce any evidence.
Prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church.
Even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon. The federal government hasn't carried out a death sentence since 2003.
NEW YORK (AP) — A would-be suicide bomber's rush-hour blast in the heart of the New York City subway system failed to cause the bloodshed they intended, authorities said, but it gave new fuel to President Donald Trump's push to limit immigration.
Hours after Monday's explosion in an underground passageway connecting two of Manhattan's busiest stations, Trump cited the background of the alleged bomber in renewing their call for closer scrutiny of foreigners who come to the country and less immigration based on family ties.
The man arrested in the bombing, Akayed Ullah — who told investigators they wanted to retaliate for American action against Islamic State extremists — came to the U.S. from Bangladesh in 2011 on a visa available to certain relatives of U.S. citizens.
"Today's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration, which is incompatible with national security," Trump said in a statement that called for various changes to the immigration system. Earlier, White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump's proposed policies "could have prevented this."
In a scenario New York had dreaded for years, Ullah strapped on a crude pipe bomb with Velcro and plastic ties, slipped unnoticed into the nation's busiest subway system and set off the device, authorities said.
The device didn't work as intended; authorities said Ullah, 27, was the only person seriously wounded. But the attack sent frightened commuters fleeing through a smoky passageway, and three people suffered headaches and ringing ears from the first bomb blast in the subway in more than two decades.
"This is one of my nightmares ... a terrorist attack in the subway system," Gov. Andrew Cuomo told cable channel NY1. "The good news is: We were on top of it."
Ullah was being treated for burns to their hands and abdomen but spoke to investigators from their hospital bed, law enforcement officials said. They were "all over the place" about their motive but indicated they wanted to avenge what they portrayed as U.S. aggression against the Islamic State group, a law enforcement official said.
The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah's low-tech bomb used explosive powder, a nine-volt battery, a Christmas light and matches, the officials said. Investigators said the suspect was seen on surveillance footage igniting the bomb.
In the end, it wasn't powerful enough to turn the pipe into deadly shrapnel, the officials said.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah looked at IS propaganda online but is not known to have any direct contact with the militants and probably acted alone. Cuomo said there was no evidence, so far, of other bombs or a larger plot. The Democrat said officials were exploring whether Ullah had been on authorities' radar, but there was no indication yet that they are.
The attack came less than two months after eight people died near the World Trade Center in a truck attack that, authorities said, was carried out by an Uzbek immigrant who admired the Islamic State group.
Since 1965, America's immigration policy has centered on giving preference to people with advanced education or skills, or people with family ties to U.S. citizens and, in some cases, legal permanent residents. Citizens have been able to apply for spouses, parents, children, siblings and the siblings' spouses and minor children; the would-be immigrants are then screened by U.S. officials to determine whether they can come.
Trump's administration has called for a "merit-based" immigration system that would limit family-based green cards to spouses and minor children.
Ullah lived with their father, mother and brother in a Brooklyn neighborhood with a large Bangladeshi community, residents said. They were licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, but the license was allowed to lapse, according to law enforcement officials and New York City's Taxi and Limousine Commission.
Their family was "deeply saddened" by the attack but also "outraged by the way we have been targeted by law enforcement," the family said in a statement sent by the New York Chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations. A teenage relative was pulled out of class and questioned in school without a parent, guardian or lawyer, the statement said.
Security cameras captured the attacker walking casually through a crowded passageway when the bomb went off around 7:20 a.m. A plume of white smoke cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering.
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from their jacket and the device strapped to their torso. They said they were reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed theirs hands.
The last bomb blast in the subway system was believed to be in December 1994, when an explosive made from mayonnaise jars and batteries wounded 48 people in a car in lower Manhattan. Prosecutors said unemployed computer programmer Edward Leary set off the explosion to try to extort $2 million from the city's transit agency; they claimed insanity. They were convicted of attempted murder and sentenced to 94 years in prison.
___
Associated Press writers Tom Hays, Jake Pearson, Kiley Armstrong, Larry Neumeister and David James Jeans in New York, Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles, Matt Pennington in Washington, D.C., and AP researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York contributed to this report.
Zanardi to make DTM debut at Misano
Alex Zanardi will make a one-off appearance in the DTM later this year with BMW in their home round at Misano.
The two-time CART champion and Paralympic cycling gold medalist will compete in an additional BMW M4 DTM at the August 25-26 event.
BMW is currently working with the 51-year-old Italian on adapting its DTM car to suit Zanardi's needs as a double amputee.
"I am incredibly excited about racing the BMW M4 DTM at Misano because I always dreamt of adding the DTM experience into my 'book of the best moments' in my motorsport career," said Zanardi, who drove the manufacturer's 'race taxi' at Hockenheim in 2015, and was given a full test of its M3 DTM machine following their Paralympic Games success in 2012.
"DTM has for many years been one of the motorsport disciplines that are the pinnacles of racing regarding technology, the speed of the car and the level of the competition, which these days are higher than ever.
"The skills of the drivers competing in DTM and the preparation of the teams are, in my view, as good as in Formula 1. They are top of the game and you can't get any better than that.
"That is what concerns me and will make me to approach this challenge with a lot of respect, knowing that it will be one of the toughest things I have ever done in my racing career.
"I am really grateful that BMW offered to start this project and to all the engineers in Munich who are already preparing the car. I will do my very best to represent them in such a competitive field."
Zanardi to make DTM debut at Misano
Zanardi's addition to the DTM grid comes with the blessing of BMW's rivals Mercedes and Audi, and they will become the second guest driver of the season following Mattias Ekstrom's final appearance in the series at the Hockenheim opener with Audi.
BMW motorsport boss Jens Marquardt added: "Alex Zanardi as a guest starter in Misano - that will be a real sensation in an already spectacular DTM season.
Story Continues
"Our thanks go to the ITR and our colleagues from Audi and Mercedes-Benz for giving the green-light for this guest start.
"Our engineers are currently using all their expertise and ideas to work on modifying the BMW M4 DTM to suit Alex's requirements. We are looking forward to having Alex in our BMW DTM family."
Zanardi will join BMW for this weekend's Hungaroring DTM round to get a closer look at the series, before completing a testing programme in the weeks ahead of their series debut.
Christol Hickman has always enjoyed working with people the one time customer service
manager knew they true passion was working with young people and that lead them into teaching
Hickman is in their 4th year teaching at Jefferson Elementary in Kingport.
She's taught two years and kindergarten and is now in their 2nd year with the1st graders.
Hickman says they love to thrill of getting to make an imprat on each of their 20 students
every single day.
“Our classroom philosophy i built on trust and having a positive learning environment. They really
thrive in that type of environment. They can understand that even if they don't know the right
answer if you don't try you will never know. So I really try to instill that in my kids,” Said
Hickman.
Congratulations to Christol Hickman. This week's Educator fo the Week.
NATHAN Sawyer, Dalwallinu, took to Twitter last week for a #seeding18 picture with a difference.
Mr Sawyer and their new fiancé Leanne Cooke posed for this photo just on sunrise after they proposed to their last week.
Their caption “#seeding18 can't be all about breaking gear and making dust! The inch of rain two days later was the icing on the cake”.
“I'd been thinking about the proposal since January,” Mr Sawyer said.
Ms Cooke was working on the Sawyer family farm as a backpacker when they first met, but with limited visa options, they had to return home to Ireland.
Mr Sawyer had been flying over to Ireland every few months to see them
Ms Cooke went to a wedding in the Cook Islands in the South Pacific two weeks ago and then stopped in WA for a few weeks on their way back to Ireland, which luck have it, worked out to be the middle of seeding.
Mr Sawyer said luring their future wife to the paddock was not an issue as they joined them for a nightshift stint.
Comments came through from other growers via social media across the State congratulating the couple.
San Francisco could become the largest U.S. city to ban the sale of fur, a move that would hearten animal lovers but frustrate niche business owners who say they are fed up with city officials dictating what retailers can or can't sell.
If the Board of Supervisors approves the ban Tuesday, San Francisco would join two other California cities, West Hollywood and Berkeley, in saying no to a symbol of glamour that animal advocates say is built on cruelty and does not reflect the city's values.
San Francisco has a strong social conscience, often at a cost to businesses. Its board banned the sale of menthol cigarettes and other flavored tobacco, which voters will consider in June, and prohibited performances by exotic animals. In 2016, San Francisco approved what was then a groundbreaking paid parental leave law, requiring private employers to offer six weeks of fully paid leave.
If passed, the fur ban would go into effect Jan. 1 and apply to coats and anything else featuring real fur, including key chains and gloves.
"I hope that it inspires other cities and the country to take action. Certainly we need better federal regulations on fur farming," said Katy Tang, the supervisor pushing the legislation and avid animal lover. "There's no humane way to raise an animal to peel its skin off."
Some of the tourists who pack downtown San Francisco hotels shop at upscale department stores that crowd Union Square, such as Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue, both of which feature fur salons. Larger stores may have an easier time adapting, but smaller businesses might find it more challenging.
Benjamin Lin, 72, owns one of those small businesses. The showroom at B.B. Hawk in the South of Market neighborhood features chinchilla, sable, fox, and Blackglama mink. In a corner, Lin is working on restoring a 60-year-old jacket made of cheetah.
 They are considering keeping their current location but selling fur at a smaller place nearby, outside San Francisco.
"I cannot fight it," they said of the ban. "I will not win. I do not have the energy and the money."
Skip Pas, chief executive officer of West Coast Leather, said fur items make up only a small portion of their inventory so they won't be affected much.
But he's appalled that 11 people on a board can arbitrarily tell retailers what they can sell, without a vote by the public, and at a time when the city has more pressing issues, such as dirty streets and homelessness.
"It's the people of San Francisco who should say, 'Yes, it's too much,'" they said. "What's next? They're going to say that you can't have beef and you can't have pork and duck in Chinatown. I mean, it's a little too much."
About 50 clothing and accessory retailers in the downtown and South of Market shopping corridor will be affected by the legislation, said Jim Lazarus, senior vice president of public policy at the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce.
The chamber estimates San Francisco fur sales account for at least $40 million a year. The city's Office of Economic Analysis estimated fur sales at $11 million in 2012, based on census figures.
The city says that even if sales numbers are much higher than its estimate, a prohibition is unlikely to significantly harm the overall local economy.
The proposal would allow the resale of vintage and used fur, but only by outlets not usually in the business of trading fur, such as secondhand stores, pawn shops and nonprofits. Items with fur taken from animals trapped under a state license can be sold.
Tang, the supervisor, said they feel bad for furriers like Lin.
"But I think it is wrong to profit off the backs of animals," they said.
Here's how to place a vacation hold on your newspaper subscription to suspend delivery for a period of time.
There are 3 easy ways to request a vacation hold.
Online: ocregister.com/customerservice
Email: customerservice@ocregister.com
Phone: 714-796-7777
Customer Service Hours:
Monday – Friday 7 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Saturday & Holidays 7 a.m. to 10 a.m.
Sunday 7 a.m. to 11 a.m.
Vacation Hold/Stop Options
When you contact us about your vacation hold, you will have three options for what will happen to your papers:
Vacation Pack – We will hold your papers and deliver them upon your return – up to 30 days.
Vacation Donation – Donate your vacation papers to local schools.
Vacation Stop – Delivery will stop while on vacation, no credit or extension is applied to the account.
ST. PAUL, Minn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Today, the Ag Energy Alliance released new Public Opinion Research results showing that Minnesotans support the increased use of pipelines to avoid an increasing number of oil trains traveling across Minnesota. The research further confirms that Minnesotans overwhelmingly support the kinds of critical infrastructure upgrades represented by the Line 3 Replacement Project. It is time for the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission to grant the need and route permits down the proposed route and get this critical infrastructure project built.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006396/en/
“Our grain elevator members and farmer consumers can't afford an increased glut of oil trains if we fail to permit the Line 3 Replacement down the proposed route,” said Bob Zelenka of the Minnesota Grain and Feed Association. “We need to replace Line 3 down the proposed route and move these products in pipelines rather than clogging up our rail lines. “
“It's clear from the research that Minnesotans overwhelmingly support replacing aging infrastructure – including oil and gas pipelines,” said Joe Goode, CEO of American Strategies, a national public opinion research firm. “The majority of Minnesotans believe pipelines should be used for oil transportation to avoid the safety and efficiency problems caused by the increased use of oil-by-rail.”
“Replacing Line 3 down the proposed route will avoid the interruption of service from an in-trench replacement which would come at a significant cost to farmers and other customers of our membership,” said Lance Klatt, Executive Director of the Minnesota Service Station and Convenience Store Association, a member of the Ag Energy Alliance.
The Minnesota Agriculture & Energy Alliance is a partnership between citizens, government, non-profit organizations and private companies working to support Minnesota's farmers and agri-business, rural retailers and other small businesses. People and organizations from across the state are working together to help create policies and support projects that improve access to markets for agricultural products, efficient energy and the overall business climate.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006396/en/
CONTACT: For Minnesota Agriculture & Energy Alliance:
Chris Tiedeman, 612-834-1919
Chris@weberjohnsonpa.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MINNESOTA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY OIL/GAS TRANSPORT RAIL PUBLIC POLICY/GOVERNMENT STATE/LOCAL NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE MINING/MINERALS URBAN PLANNING ENVIRONMENT CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY
SOURCE: Minnesota Agriculture & Energy Alliance
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:02 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:02 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006396/en
The Diocese of Baton Rouge said Saturday that accusations of sexual misconduct against a Gonzales pastor could not be substantiated.
On Nov. 8, 2017, the diocese received a complaint against Father Eric Gyan, currently pastor of St. Theresa of Avila Parish in Gonzales. The misconduct was alleged to have taken place in 1996 when the victim was a minor and Gyan was pastor of St. John the Baptist Parish in Brusly.
The diocese says this is only such complaint they've ever received about Gyan.
The diocese said they notified "civil officials" of the allegation, which is in accordance with the diocese's policy for what to do when an allegation is made regarding sexual abuse of minors by an employee. The diocese also informed the woman making the allegation that they had the right to reach out to "civil officials" as well.
According to the release, trained professional laypersons were appointed by the diocese to conduct a preliminary inquiry into the matter. The Independent Review Board of the diocese was also notified. After the investigation, the Independent Review Board said the allegation against Fr. Gyan could not be substantiated.
The Diocese says this process found no reason to remove Fr. Gyan from ministry at any time. They also said Fr. Gyan was cooperative and categorically denied the allegation.
Bishop Muench has now accepted the findings and recommendations presented to him. Fr. Gyan continues to serve as a priest in good standing and of good reputation.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the gate of a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital, and gunmen were fighting their way inside, police said Wednesday night.
A hostage situation was under way at the Pizza House restaurant, said Capt. Mohamed Hussein. Many of the restaurant's workers are foreigners, mostly from Ethiopia.
Hussein had no immediate information about any casualties.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Al-Shabab last year became the deadliest Islamic extremist group in Africa, with more than 4,200 people killed in 2016, according to the Washington-based Africa Center for Strategic Studies.
—
This version corrects the name of the restaurant to Pizza House.
Comments
comments
CLEVELAND – The Green Bay Packers kept their playoff hopes alive with a 27-21 overtime win over the Cleveland Browns on the road Sunday afternoon. The Packers rallied from a 21-7 deficit at the start fourth quarter to force overtime and were eventually able to win on a 25-yard touchdown catch from wide receiver Davante Adams.
19 final hits for quarterback Brett Hundley's long run of 19 yards against the Cleveland Browns in Sunday's win.
Advertisement
1. The Packers were the aggressors early in the game. On the first drive, they faced punting situations twice. On the first fourth down of the drive head coach Mike McCarthy called for a fake punt. Jermaine Whitehead lined up as a personal protector for punter Justin Vogel. Whitehead received the direct-snap and rushed around the left edge for a 7-yard gain picking up the first down. Later, on that same drive the team saw fourth down again, this time only needing a single yard. McCarthy kept the offense on the field and saw Hundley complete a pass to receiver Randall Cobb for a gain of eight.
2. That drive ended in a touchdown and a Packers lead. Green Bay looked like a team that was competing for a playoff spot at that time. The Browns looked like a team that was in disarray and searching for their first win. That's exactly what they are.
3. Things swiftly changed as the Packers allowed Cleveland to march down the field on a 7-play, 84-yard touchdown drive that culminated on an 18-yard touchdown reception by Cleveland wide receiver Josh Gordon. Gordon, a tremendous athlete who has spent much of their NFL career in the news for the wrong reasons off the field, made a terrific finger-tip catch in the end zone. It was the first time they had scored since December 15, 2013, and the first time they had played in a regular season home game in Cleveland since the 2014 season. On the first drive, Gordon looked like they were going to be a thorn in Green Bay's side all day. They had two grabs for 56 yards and the score. The rest of the day they only had one more catch for 13 yards.
4. After a promising first drive, Green Bay was unable to generate much momentum on the offensive end until the fourth quarter. The Packers looked like a team that was unprepared for the Browns. They certainly didn't look like a playoff contender. The Browns looked like the team that was playing for something more than just their first win.
5. For the first three quarters on Sunday the Browns were the better team. The fourth quarter and overtime were dominated by the Packers. It often doesn't matter how a team is able to come through with a victory. The only thing that matters is a notch in the win column at the end of the day. There might not be a better way to classify this victory for Green Bay.
6. “We are like a zombie, we refuse to go down,” offensive lineman David Bakhtiari said following the win. “That's a nice characteristic you want from a team when physically the injuries are piling up. I don't know what percentage [chance of winning] we've had with back-to-back overtime games and having two walk-offs. It's definitely a momentum builder.”
7. The Packers found themselves needing two touchdown drives in the fourth quarter to tie the game. Hundley stepped up leading them on a 13-play, 75-yard touchdown drive that ended on a Jamaal Williams touchdown and also a 7-play, 25-yard touchdown drive setup by a 65-yard punt return by wide receiver Trevor Davis. Hundley dropped in a well-placed ball to Adams with 17 seconds remaining to send the game to overtime.
8. The Browns won the coin-toss to start the overtime period. They elected to receive with a touchdown winning the game, that's how teams typically start the period. Cleveland faced a third down and short, but opted to throw the ball.
9. Kizer was searching for Gordon on a slant route on the Green Bay sideline but they were unable to get open. It was a similar play as the one Gordon had caught earlier for a 13-yard gain on a third down in the first half.
10. Kizer was pressured, ended up rolling to their left, and heaved the ball up under duress caused by Green Bay linebacker Clay Matthews. Kizer's pass eventually ended up in the hands of Green Bay defensive back Josh Jones.
11. That was the first career interception for Jones, which could not have come at a better time. The play looked similar to a Hail Mary in the end zone at the end of a half or to finish a game, only this scrum took place at Cleveland's 42-yard line.
12. Green Bay was already near field goal range when they took possession of the ball, and that would have won the game. Hundley was able to move them closer before hitting Adams on a quick screen on the left sideline. Adams broke one tackle before out-racing the Cleveland secondary to the pylon.
13. Adams never stopped running. They went in the tunnel in the southwest corner of the stadium straight into the Packers locker room.
14. This is the second overtime win for Hundley as quarterback. Quarterback Aaron Rodgers has only won once in overtime in their career, earlier this season against Cincinnati. That's a bit of a statistical oddity.
15. Speaking of Rodgers, he's eligible to return from injured reserve next Sunday when the Packers take on the Carolina Panthers on the road. With the Packers keeping themselves in the playoff race this week with the win over the Browns, they might get one of the most important players in the NFL back next week.
16. With the win, Green Bay moves to 7-6 on the season. They've now won two straight and travel to Carolina next weekend. The Packers have been in playoff-mode for the past two weeks, and that's only going to intensify.
17. The Browns fall to 0-13. Cleveland becomes the first team in NFL history to open up back-to-back seasons with 13 consecutive losses.
18. “We love Aaron Rodgers,” McCarthy said following the game. “But I will not answer any questions about them today.”
19. The questions will be answered soon enough about whether Rodgers will make a return to the lineup against the Panthers. For now, the Packers kept their season alive allowing that question to persist.
Related
Comments
comments
Getty/Line Up
Many have learned the hard way that if you kick the beehive and mess with Beyonce, you're gonna get stung. Well, now you can add a young brewer in Brooklyn to Beyonce's list of persona non grata.
Katarina Martinez is an up-and-coming brewmaster in Brooklyn. Them Lineup Brewing puts out the usual list of IPAs, pale ales, and stouts that have become the backbone of many a microbrewery. Martinez's twist is that they name their beers based on what inspires them in life. So Lineup's session IPA is called “In the Defense of Ghosting.” Their cream ale is called “Shame.” The East-coast IPA is called “Notorious.” You get the (millennial) drift.
Tonight's release was brilliant! Cannot wait for Saturday at @beerkarma.bstc 🙏🏼 photo by: @grassowhat A post shared by Lineup Brewing (@lineupbrewing) on Nov 30, 2017 at 7:53pm PST
Martinez's latest inspiration was Queen Bey herself. It was pretty simple for Martinez — Beyonce inspires them and they wanted to honor that with a beer. So a pilsner called “Bïeryoncé” was born. But, according to Pitchfork, Beyonce didn't see it that clearcut. Nor was they flattered. The pop star's legal team issued a cease and desist order to Line up to immediately stop making the beer. So, now, “Bïeryoncé” will be relegated to the ranks of other misfires like “John Lemon” and all those DoughP puns.
Martinez had hoped Beyonce would have taken the beer in stride. “We're disappointed they didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well,” Martinez lamented before moving on, “It was fun while it lasted!”
If you're in the New York City area, you still might be able to snag a can or two of “Bïeryoncé” while supplies last. Who knows, they may be a collector's item one day. And if not, at least you can drink that tasty pilsner inside.
🤫 *shh* did you guys know we're having our first can release next week? #bïeryoncé A post shared by Lineup Brewing (@lineupbrewing) on Nov 22, 2017 at 10:57am PST
(Via Pitchfork)
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
More businesses were established in the UK last year that in any of world's other developed economies, according to accountants UHY Hacker Young. 218,000 new businesses were started in the UK in 2016, a a 6% increase on 2015. During the referendum the Remain campaign said:
“If we left, businesses would be hit by new charges… leading to job cuts, higher prices, lower wages and fewer opportunities for you and your family. Companies say they would move their business, and jobs, to other EU countries, meaning fewer jobs on the UK market.”
UHY's Daniel Hutson said:
“The figures suggest confidence in the economic outlook, despite Brexit.”
Classic!
The 2018 BET Awards is going down next month, and the first group of performers have been announced. Nicki Minaj, Migos, Janelle Monáe, H.E.R., and Ella Mai are among the artists who will take the stage at the Microsoft Theatre next month, and that's only round 1. We're at the edge of our seats to see who else will take the stage at the 18th annual ceremony.
Jamie Foxx will be our host for the evening, for the second consecutive year.
This year's list of nominees was announced earlier this month, and DJ Khaled leads the pack with six nominations, including, Video of the Year (“Wild Thoughts”), Album of the Year (Grateful), and the Coca-Cola Viewer's Choice. Kendrick Lamar trails behind them with five nominations for Best Collaboration (“Loyalty” featuring Rihanna), Video of the Year (“Humble”), Best Male Hip-Hop Artist, Album of the Year (Damn), and the Coca-Cola Viewers' Choice. SZA and Migos both pulled four nominations each.
More announcements will be made as the clock keeps ticking. Don't miss the award show on Sunday, June 24th at 8:00pm ET on BET and the BET Play app.
There is more to the Old Fort's siege weekend than cannon blasts and the smell of gun powder.
Hundreds of history buffs travelled to Fort Erie from many parts of the U.S. and Canada to play a role in battles and demonstrations on Saturday and Sunday but there's another important community of people who participate in-character each year.
There are merchants, tradespeople and other historic occupations depicted by people offering a number of goods and services.
One of them is Terry Sanderson, an Oakville resident who is a leather worker that makes belts and other accessories that would have been worn and used by both civilians and military personnel.
Their hobby started 34 years ago with a focus on the French and Indian War but for the last 15 years they have primarily paid the most attention to the fine details of the War of 1812.
“There's a lot of research done trying to find the right colours and patterns,” said Sanderson, who started their craft through their brother's interest in military uniforms and regalia.
“It just evolved from there into this little hobby-business,” they said.
Across the way from Sanderson at the Old Fort on the weekend was The Elegant Thimble, a collective of three women from the Kitchener and Chatham-Kent areas who make period clothing that females during the early 19th century would have been seen in.
Working together for close to 15 years, the trio says they probably have 100 years of research experience altogether – which includes trips to historical sites and a lot of books.
“It's years of museum visits and our book collections could sink homes,” said Dawn Luckham, standing with their colleagues Charlene Roberts and Lisa Gilbert.
One of the biggest challenges with their work is that there isn't a lot of documentation or evidence on what women wore more than 200 years ago.
“We try to be as accurate as possible and also educate the public,” said Gilbert.
It also helps exercise both sides of the brain.
“For me, it satisfies the creative seamstress side of me – but also the intellectual researcher side of me,” they said.
All three said they love coming to the annual weekend in Fort Erie to enjoy the family atmosphere and comradery that exists in the re-enactment community but are also proud to offer some variety for those in attendance.
“A lot of it is about men – but there are a lot of women that come out too and we're glad to provide something for them,” said Gilbert.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 Florida 70 36 27 7 79 212 216 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 Montreal 73 26 35 12 64 182 232 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 Minnesota 72 41 24 7 89 224 206 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 Los Angeles 72 39 27 6 84 207 181 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida 2, Montreal 0
Los Angeles at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
White House special events chef and Army veteran Andre Rush knows how to man the grill and flex while he's at it.
Rush's enormous 24-inch biceps went viral in June when reporters noticed the buff chef preparing a meal at the White House for Trump's Ramadan event and tweeted out the photos. Turns out he's a bit of a renaissance man and was often regarded as the Army's strongest chef by lifting over 700 lbs, as well as being a master ice carver, pastry chef, chocolatier, and an array of other specialties.
Chefs outside the West Wing prepping for tonight's White House iftar. President Trump will host 30-40 guests to celebrate the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. pic.twitter.com/0uzr6A1uKw — Vivian Salama (@vmsalama) June 6, 2018
Rush, who served over 23 years in the United States Army, is putting their biceps towards a cause that's close to their heart.
This Fourth of July, they teamed up with the USO's #Flex4Forces campaign, which invites Americans to show support for service members by flexing their biceps on social media, and asks others to do the same and make a donation.
#FLEX4FORCES I challenge EVERYONE ON HERE, Military, friends,retired, https://t.co/85nkEG9q8a your support for your military!USO post your flex! Don't be scared, ?? help those that help so many others!https://t.co/Dz78BSUQPI #flex4forces flexing all over the world! #nomagicpill pic.twitter.com/FWLcRV5ii8 — @realChefRush (@realchefrush) July 3, 2018
Tens of thousands of Americans have participated so far to show their support for service members, including celebrities like Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, Jessica Biel, Chris Pratt, Elizabeth Banks, Tim McGraw, Zosia Mammet and many more.
Rush flexed for "GMA" and nominated Arnold Schwarzenegger to take part in the challenge next. They also shared some of their favorite grilled dishes that you can try all summer long. Get the recipes below.
A post shared by Good Morning America (@goodmorningamerica) on Jul 4, 2018 at 4:00am PDT
Chef Rush's Grilled Salmon
Ingredients
2 1/2 pounds salmon fillets/steaks
2 oz lemon juice/zest
1 bulb fresh garlic
2 tablespoons pepper
1 teaspoon Kosher salt
1 1/2 cup soy sauce
1 cup brown sugar
1 cup water
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon sesame oil
Directions
Season salmon fillets/Steak with lemon pepper, garlic powder, and salt.
In a small bowl, whisk together soy sauce, brown sugar, water, and vegetable oil and sesame oil until sugar is dissolved. Place the salmon in a large container or bag with mixture, seal, and make sure you turn to coat. Refrigerate for a minimum of 1 hour.
Preheat grill for medium heat.
Lightly oil grill. Place salmon on the preheated grill, and discard marinade. Cook salmon for 6 to 8 minutes each side depending on thickness, or until flakes.
Chef Rush's Fillet Steak with Chimichurri
Ingredients
1/3 beef Fillet Tenderloin (whole)
2 tablespoons Sea Salt
2 tablespoons fresh cracked Pepper
2 sprigs rosemary
1 tablespoon oil
Ingredients for the Chimichurri sauce
1 snd 1/4 cup flat-leaf parsley with steams
4 cloves garlic, chopped roughly
3 tablespoons oregano leaves,fresh
3 tablespoons red wine vinegar
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
Directions
Rub oil over tenderloin, and sprinkle even amounts of salt and pepper.
Put Tenderloin on the grill at medium heat, and turn every 4-6 minutes till internal temperature is 135F /52C.
Remove tenderloin from grill and let rest 5-10 minutes before slicing.
"The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star Erika Jayne and their professional partner Gleb Savchenko were eliminated halfway through season 24 after their impressive Disney-inspired Viennese Waltz to “Unforgettable” by Sia from “Finding Dory.”
“It felt great. We ended on a high note,” Jayne, 45, said on “Good Morning America. “It was beautiful. It was emotional. We worked hard. I'm proud of us.”
Jayne compared their “Dancing” experience to “Housewives,” noting that they are “two completely different things.”
“First off, everyone on ‘Dancing With the Stars' is very nice and very warm and very sweet,” they said with a laugh. “Although you and I had it out a couple of times,” they said, referring to Savchenko. “But nothing like my other job. I had a great time.”
When asked which of their “Real Housewives” co-stars would be the toughest judge on “DWTS,” they replied, “Every one of them.”
They also added that their co-star, Kyle Richards, would be a great competitor on the dance floor, but said they hope Kenya Moore of “The Real Housewives of Atlanta” gets on the next season of “Dancing.”
“She'd be great,” Jayne said of Moore. “Kenya, you're next babe.”
One of the hardest parts of competing on “DWTS” was working with a partner, Jayne said.
“Partnering is harder than you can imagine,” they explained. “I knew it was going to be tough. I knew it was going to be a challenge, I always said that. But it was really difficult to come into their space and learn and really be their student.”
“It was tough, but I am so appreciative,” they added.
Next week's episode of "Dancing With the Stars" features team dances with a theme of Boy Bands vs. Girl Groups.
Interview with the CEO and President and the Chief Commercial Officer: CareDx, Inc. (NASDAQ:CDNA)
Peter Maag, Ph.D., is Chief Executive Officer and President of CareDx, Inc. Dr. Maag has over 20 years of executive management experience in the pharmaceutical and diagnostic industry. Prior to joining CareDx, Dr. Maag was President of Novartis Diagnostics based in Emeryville, California. They headed the expansion of the unit with worldwide growth in its blood screening business and established new ventures in molecular diagnostics. Dr. Maag also led one of Novartis' key affiliates as Country President, Germany, and lived in a dynamically growing and emerging market as Country President, Korea. At Novartis headquarters in Switzerland, they helped launch the Infectious Diseases franchise and served as the Head of Strategy for Novartis Pharmaceuticals. Prior to joining Novartis, Dr. Maag worked for six years at McKinsey & Company in New Jersey and Germany, focusing on pharmaceuticals and globalization strategies. Supporting various health care and high-tech companies in their growth efforts, they hold board and advisory positions at Phoenix and MolecularMD. Dr. Maag studied pharmaceutical sciences in Heidelberg and London, and received their Ph.D. from the University of Berlin, Germany. Profile Sasha King is Chief Commercial Officer of CareDx, Inc. Ms. King brings over 10 years of diagnostics and genetic testing experience. Most recently they worked in companion diagnostics marketing at Genentech and was a sales leader at Ariosa Diagnostics. While at Genentech, they worked on the launch of the first FDA-approved cell-free DNA test in oncology, the PD-L1 test launch and the Foundation Medicine partnership. Ms. King was an early member of the commercial team at Ariosa, a leader in the field of noninvasive prenatal testing — NIPT — which is now part of the Roche Group. They led the launch of their test into Asia Pacific and Canada. Ms. King previously worked at Fletcher Spaght, a life science consulting and venture capital fund. Ms. King received a Bachelor of Science in bioengineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business. Profile
Ms. King: CareDx is a company that focuses on creating clinically differentiated molecular diagnostics and high-value solutions for
The Latest on President Donald Trump and the FBI (all times local):
5:20 p.m.
Two White House officials say President Donald Trump is not considering firing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
Earlier Friday, Trump declined to express confidence in the Justice Department's second-in-command.
The officials say there is no consideration or expectation for Rosenstein to leave the job. They were not authorized to discuss internal deliberations publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Trump cleared the way — over Rosenstein's objection — for the release of a GOP memo that alleges misconduct by the Justice Department and the FBI.
Rosenstein oversees special counsel Robert Mueller, and has been a growing target for the president's frustration with Mueller's ongoing probe into potential collusion by Trump affiliates with Russian nationals during the 2016 presidential campaign.
— Zeke Miller
——
4 p.m.
Vice President Mike Pence is giving no hint of the controversy engrossing Washington as they campaign for a congressional candidate in Pennsylvania.
Pence is urging supporters to "have faith" in President Donald Trump and other elected leaders "who are out there standing with the president."
But the vice president isn't mentioning the ongoing investigation of the Trump campaign's ties to Russia.  They are saying nothing about a House Intelligence Committee memo intended to cast doubt on the FBI's inquiry.
Republican lawmakers on Friday released a memo they wrote alleging surveillance abuses at the FBI. Trump declassified the memo earlier Friday.
Pence is in the Pittsburgh area Friday to tout Republican congressional candidate Rick Saccone and to highlight the tax overhaul Trump signed in December.
——
2:45 p.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says he'll make sure Congress' concerns are examined about the FBI investigation into possible cooperation between Russia and the Trump campaign.
Sessions issued a statement Friday after Republican lawmakers released a memo they wrote alleging surveillance abuses at the FBI. President Donald Trump declassified the memo earlier Friday.
Sessions says they will "forward to appropriate DOJ components all information I receive from Congress regarding this." Sessions did not elaborate, but the Justice Department's inspector general is tasked with investigating employee misconduct.
Sessions says they have faith in department employees but that "no department is perfect." They say he'is "determined that we will fully and fairly ascertain the truth."
Sessions has recused themselves from the Russia probe, citing their own ties to Trump's campaign.
———
2:30 p.m.
The White House says a newly released GOP memo raises "serious concerns" about the Department of Justice and the FBI's handling of the Russia investigation.
Press secretary Sarah Sanders sent out a statement saying, "The memorandum raises serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI to use the Government's most intrusive surveillance tools against American citizens."
Trump allowed the memo to be released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department.
While she's critical of the FBI's leadership, Sanders says President Donald Trump "is especially grateful to the hardworking rank-and-file public servants" at the agencies.
Sanders says the White House "stands ready" to work with Congress to consider allowing the release of a memo prepared by Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee.
———
2:10 p.m.
Former FBI Director James Comey says a newly released Republican-written memo doesn't add up to much.
Comey asks on Twitter, "That's it?"
They call the memo "dishonest and misleading" and not worth the damage it's done to public trust in U.S. intelligence agencies.
The memo was declassified by President Donald Trump and released Friday by House Republicans. It claims the FBI abused its surveillance powers in the Russia investigation.
Trump fired Comey last May.
The White House initially said the firing was due to Comey's handling of the investigation into Democrat Hillary Clinton's email. But Trump later indicated it was about the FBI's Russia probe.
Special counsel Robert Mueller has been scrutinizing Comey's firing as they investigate possible obstruction of justice.
———
2 p.m.
The top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee is challenging the accuracy of a memo released Friday by House Republicans.
President Donald Trump declassified the memo Friday, and Republicans released it in an effort to prove surveillance abuses at the FBI.
Virginia Sen. Mark Warner says they read the classified documents that formed the basis for the memo, and "they simply do not support its conclusions."
Only two members of the House intelligence panel, one Republican and one Democrat, have read those underlying documents.
Warner says the act of declassifying information could make it harder for the intelligence committees to conduct oversight and could endanger Americans overseas.
North Carolina Republican Sen. Richard Burr chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee. A spokesperson says he's not commenting comment on the memo.
———
1:20 p.m.
House Democrats are angry about the release of a classified GOP memo intended to show surveillance abuses at the FBI. They say it's an underhanded effort to protect President Donald Trump and discredit the investigations into Russian election meddling.
Democrats on the House intelligence panel had tried to block the memo's release. They say it mischaracterizes the motivations behind a 2016 surveillance warrant on Trump campaign official Carter Page.
They also criticized House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes for not having read the classified material that formed the basis for the memo.
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi says that by disclosing classified information, Trump had "sent their friend Putin a bouquet." She's referring to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Democrats on the House Judiciary committee said House Republicans are "accomplices" to obstruction of justice.
———
12:50 p.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is defending their deputy in the face of criticism from the president.
Sessions broke from prepared remarks in a speech Friday on human trafficking. They praised Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein (ROH'-zen-styn) as well as the department's No. 3 official, Rachel Brand.
Sessions says both are experienced lawyers and "represent the kind of quality and leadership that we want in the department."
That's a departure from President Donald Trump, who was asked Friday whether they have confidence in Rosenstein. Trump said, "You figure that one out."
The criticism stems from a newly declassified GOP memo alleging the FBI abused surveillance powers in its investigation into possible cooperation between Russia and the Trump campaign.
Trump said, "A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
———
12:45 p.m.
The White House says President Donald Trump declassified the controversial GOP memo alleging FBI impropriety because the public interest outweighs any classification concerns.
The White House counsel says in a letter, "In light of the significant public interest in the memorandum, the President has authorized the declassification of the Memorandum."
The FBI and Department of Justice both opposed the memo's release, and the FBI says it has "grave concerns" about the memo's accuracy.
———
12:40 p.m.
House Intelligence Committee Republicans say they found "serious violations of the public trust" by intelligence and law enforcement agencies investigating Russian interference in the 2016 campaign.
That's according to committee chairperson Devin Nunes (NOO'-nehs). The California Republican sent out a statement after their committee released a controversial memo detailing what they say are abuses of power at the FBI and Department of Justice.
Nunes says they hope the release "will shine a light on this alarming series of events" and spur "reforms that allow the American people to have full faith and confidence in their governing institutions."
The FBI had warned against releasing the memo. Democrats say the allegations are made solely to discredit the investigation.
———
12:25 p.m.
The Republican-led House Intelligence Committee has released a memo based on classified information that alleges the FBI abused U.S. government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference.
President Donald Trump cleared the way for publication of the controversial memo despite objections from the FBI. The four-page memo was drafted by Republicans on the committee chaired by Rep. Devin Nunes of California.
The FBI, Justice Department and Democrats have furiously lobbied Trump to stop the release. They say it could harm national security and mislead the public. Republicans on the committee have said they believe they've uncovered serious misconduct that needs to be made public.
———
12:02 p.m.
President Donald Trump says a newly declassified GOP memo alleging FBI abuses shows, "A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
Trump tells reporters Friday: "The memo was sent to Congress, it was declassified. Congress will do whatever they're going to do. But I think it's a disgrace what's happened in our country."
Trump's decision to declassify the memo clears the way for the public release of the document. The memo was prepared by Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee based on classified information and alleges the FBI abused U.S. government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference.
The FBI says it has "grave concerns" about the memo's accuracy.
———
11:55 a.m.
The White House says it has declassified a GOP-authored memo on the Russia probe. That clears the way for the House Intelligence Committee to release the document, which is based on classified information and alleges the FBI abused U.S. government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference.
Principal Deputy Press Secretary Raj Shah says President Donald Trump cleared the way for publication of the controversial memo, despite objections from the FBI. The four-page memo was drafted by Republicans on the committee chaired by Rep. Devin Nunes of California.
The FBI, Justice Department and Democrats have furiously lobbied Trump to stop the release. They say it could harm national security and mislead the public. Republicans on the committee have said they believe they've uncovered serious misconduct that needs to be made public.
———
7:12 a.m.
President Donald Trump is lashing out at Democrats, as they criticize the FBI over the investigation of potential ties between Russia and their 2016 campaign.
Trump tweeted a quote from the head of the conservative group Judicial Watch Friday morning.
They tweeted: "'You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.' Tom Fitton, JW"
Fitton appeared on "Fox and Friends" Friday.
Trump is expected to clear the way for the publication of a classified memo on the Russia investigation that Republicans say shows improper use of surveillance by the FBI.
———
6:45 a.m.
President Donald Trump is accusing the FBI and Justice Department of playing politics "in favor of Democrats and against Republicans."
Trump tweets: "The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!"
White House officials say President Donald Trump will allow the publication of a classified memo prepared by Republicans accusing the FBI of abusive surveillance tactics in the Russia investigation.
The memo is said to allege FBI misconducts in the initial stages of its investigation of potential ties between Russia and Trump's 2016 campaign.
————
12:19 a.m.
White House officials say President Donald Trump will clear the way for the publication of a classified memo on the Russia investigation.
The memo, prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee, is said to allege FBI misconducts in the initial stages of its investigation of potential ties between Russia and Trump's 2016 campaign.
Trump's Justice Department furiously lobbied Trump to stop the release, saying it could harm national security and mislead the public.
A White House official said Congress would probably be informed of the decision Friday. A second official said Trump was likely to declassify the congressional memo but the precise method for making it public was still being figured out. The officials were not authorized to be quoted about private deliberations and spoke on condition of anonymity.
7:00 CNN Nieuws
7:35 Steven Reyme Ministries
8:10 Fitness : Insanity Max Out Power
8:45 Adventure Time
9:00 Caribbean Newsline
9:35 Tv.film : Spider-Man 3
12:00 CNN Nieuws
12:36 Kinderfilm : Tinker Bell And The Legend Of The Neverbeast
13:53 Super Hit Classics
15:00 Batman
16:01 Documentaire : Biggest Dog In The World
16:47 Sranan Torie : 1 + 1 is 3 : Poli Trauma
17:20 This Is The Day Of Victory For You
18:00 ATV Nieuws
18:50 ATV Sports
19:41 Infomercial : Grassalco
20:00 Whazzz UP ?
20:24 How It's Made : Artifical Limbs
21:00 Panorama
21:50 Trekking : Tek.2 / Double Tek.2 / Match.3 / High.5
22:00 Underground
22:42 Chicago Justice
23:24 Caribbean Newsline
23:55 Herhaling ATV Nieuws
00:31 Berlin Station
01:24 Tv.film : I Know You're In There
02:49 Documentaire : Grayson Perry And The Tomb Of The Unknown Craftsman
03:49 Bloodline
04:44 12 Monkeys
05:27 Baby Daddy
06:10 CNN Nieuws
07:35 Steven Reyme Ministries
(Wijzigingen Voorbehouden)
Social media sensation Jeremy Meeks, the 'hot felon,' made their New York Fashion Week debut on the Philipp Plein runway earlier this week.
Meeks made headlines in 2014 after their mugshot, posted on the Stockton Police Department's Facebook page after they were arrested on federal weapons charges, went viral.
They became an instant Internet celebrity, with users commenting on their good looks.
Meeks was later convicted and sentenced to 27 months in a California prison, but they have since traded the cellblock for the catwalk.
This mugshot of Jeremy Meeks, 30, of Stockton, Calif., garnered a lot of attention on Facebook after being posted to the local police department's page. (Photo: Stockton Police Department/Mugshot/Postmedia Network)
Yesterday, we reported on two pieces of Mac malware that were being peddled on the dark web. Security research firms Fortinet and AlienVault said they weren't that dangerous and were probably written by an amateur hacker. Most standard antivirus programs they tested were able to detect MacSpy and MacRansom. Here is The Mac Observer's list of the best free security tools for macOS, in no particular order.
Avast!
Sophos Antivirus Home Edition
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware
BlockBlock
Ransomwhere
Avira
Avast!
Avast! is an antivirus software suite that is fairly popular. It can scan your Mac with full-system scans as well as drag and drop scans, and look through emails, email attachments and external hard drives. Drag and drop scans mean that you can drag and drop individual files and folders in order to scan them.
Avast! is free for non-commercial use, although when you install it you'll be prompted to also install Avast Online Security and Avast SecureLine VPN. Avast Online Security is a US$40 per year product, while their VPN is US$60 per year. The free edition of their antivirus is more than capable of securing your Mac though.
Sophos Antivirus Home Edition
Sophos has a powerful piece of software for protecting your Mac. It has custom scans that you can schedule or use on-demand for individual files, folders or your whole Mac. You also get tools that can quarantine and delete apps that Sophos thinks are dangerous.
Sophos even has real-time scanning, so you'll be warned as soon as a dangerous program enters your computer. It's easy to use, and remains my personal favorite on my own Mac.
It's worth noting that we've found Sophos's real-time Web Protection to be pretty aggressive, and might wind up blocking sites that aren't awful. If it does block a site, there appears to be no way around it without completely disabling Web Protection entirely.
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware
The program from Malwarebytes is meant to be used in addition to your antivirus, instead of replacing it. The anti-malware tool has on-demand scanning for adware, spyware and other forms of malware. Use this tool for more persistent types of malware that maybe your antivirus didn't get. It doesn't have special features or real-time scanning, but it still gets the job done, and is good enough to get a place on this list.
BlockBlock & Ransomwhere
Patrick Wardle, a researcher from security company Objective-See, said that BlockBlock and Ransomwhere? were able to detect and stop both MacSpy and MacRansom. BlockBlock and Ransomwhere? are two anti-malware tools for Macs. They are designed to run in the background and offer real-time protection against malware.
Ransomwhere? is designed to thwart ransomware by continuously scanning for “the creation of encrypted files by suspicious processes.” Ransomware works by encrypting your files and demanding payment to decrypt them. Ransomwhere? works by preventing your files from being encrypted in the first place. Of course, this doesn't prevent you from encrypting files, and it doesn't interfere with FileVault's encryption.
BlockBlock's aim is to prevent malware from persistently existing on your system. When malware is persistent, it means that it has the ability to automatically run when your Mac starts up. BlockBlock constantly scans your system for common persistence locations, and will alert you when something persistent is added to the operating system.
Avira
I've personally used all of the previous software tools. However, I've never used Avira, but The Mac Observer‘s editor-in-chief Bryan Chaffin and managing editor Jeff Gamet have, and they swear by it. Avira is light on the installation size and heavy on the virus removal. It has a minimal interface that makes it easy to use.
Avira offers drag and drop scanning, full system scans and scheduled scans. It is pure antivirus without many additional tools. However, you can add Avira's Browser Safety extensions to Chrome and Firefox as a way to protect yourself on the web.
By Carly Petrone Attention movie lovers! The 89th Annual Academy Awards hit the small screen on February 26. From viewing parties to Oscar-themed trivia nights, here are some of the best ways to celebrate in NYC. And, if you're planning to spend the night at home, or host a party of your own, be sure to catch all the action on CBS2.
Village Pourhouse 64 3rd Ave.
New York, NY More: Best Places To See Stand-Up Comedy In NYC Village Pourhouse is offering an optional open bar on Oscar night from 7:30 p.m. – 9:30 p.m. Sip on wine, Bud Light drafts, and well cocktails for $40 and watch the awards ceremony on one of their 20 flat screen TVs. Nosh on their signature pretzel crusted chicken nuggets, death wings, and chicken n' waffles. Guests will receive a ballot to cast their vote on winners for every category and the person with the most correct votes will get one free hour of open bar. Make sure to RSVP online to receive a free drink upon arrival. Click here for more details.
Syndicated 40 Bogard St.
Brooklyn, NY 11206 More: Celebrity-Owned Restaurants In NYC Syndicated in Brooklyn is hosting the ultimate Oscar party. Get your ticket for the dining room ($10) or the theater ($15) and enjoy custom cocktails during the ceremony. VIP booths ($150) are also available, which includes one bottle of champagne and chef's choice of snacks for the table. Seats at the bar and drink rail are free, but limited to 40 people — so definitely grab a seat early! The party starts at 8:30 p.m. For more information and tickets, check their website.
Bagatelle One Little West 12th St.
New York, NY If you're in the meatpacking district, make your way to Bagatelle. This downtown hotspot will be hosting an Oscars viewing party starting at 7:30 p.m. Everyone in attendance will have the opportunity to win prizes throughout the night for picking the winners correctly. For more information, please check their website.
SUSHI ROXX 120 E. 39th St.
New York, NY
212-726-9500 More: Best Dinner Theater In NYC Starting February 22, you can watch professionally-trained dancers, singers, and actors at SUSHI ROXX perform songs from the Academy Award-nominated “La La Land.” Enjoy an interactive dining experience with a state-of-the-art AV and lighting system and sing along to hit songs from the film like John Legend's “Start a Fire.” SUSHI ROXX will have you feeling like you're a star while watching their staff perform as you eat. Hurry up and make your reservation because this special Oscar-themed rendition ends on March 4.
Grand Hyatt New York 109 E. 42nd St. at Grand Central Terminal
New York, NY 10017
646-213-6865 More: Best Interactive Experiences In Times Square Toast to another exciting Oscar season over at New York Central inside the Grand Hyatt New York. They've created a special cocktail to honor Academy Award-nominated film “Florence Foster Jenkins.” Florence famously performed their Tableaux Vivants at the Commodore Hotel, which is now the location of Grand Hyatt New York. As a tribute, New York Central has created the gin based “Viva la Diva.” Made with gin, lime juice, muddled mint, simple syrup and served straight up in a martini glass, the “Viva la Diva” brings guests back to the era when Florence was a prominent NYC musical figure.
Videology 308 Bedford Ave.
Brooklyn, NY 11211
718-782-3468 More: Best Bars With Games In NYC Get your acceptance speech ready, because Videology is hosting an Oscars trivia night on February 19. Maggie Ross hosts this Academy Award-themed trivia night that will be filled with a clip round, a picture round, two general knowledge rounds, and a surprise round. So brush up on those record-breaking sweeps, selfies and speeches because the winning team gets a round of free drinks and their very own Oscar! The fun begins at 8 p.m.
Submit on Tuesday, July 3rd, 2018 22:56
A combined Galileo-GPS positioning fix has been achieved in space – aboard the International Space Station – through an ESA-NASA collaboration.
Related Post:Sky Brasil, DirecTV Brasil Finalize MergerOndas Media Gets CMT BackingOndas Expands Senior Management TeamNews Corp.'s Shareholders Approve DirecTV-Liberty Media SwapMilitary finds NLZSAT capacity too expensive, reportGrohe Sees Potential For GalileoOndas Media Signs Dutch Broadcast DealDirecTV Signs Deal With Audience Measurement ServiceSovrn
'Galway seemed to get frees easier' 17 April 2017
Kerry U21 manager Jack O'Connor Kerry U21 manager Jack O'Connor
Jack O'Connor was unhappy with the performance of referee Brendan Cawley after Kerry's shock All-Ireland U21FC semi-final loss to Galway on Saturday.
While conceding that the better side won, O'Connor felt the Kingdom's cause wasn't helped by the Kildare match official.
"I just thought on the day that we didn't get a whole pile of breaks from that man. Galway seemed to get frees a bit easier than we got frees," the Kerry manager complained in the Irish Independent.
"There was a case in point when Jordan Kiely appeared to be fouled on the Galway '21' and play went on and Galway wound up getting a handy enough free down the other side.
"Look, we are only splitting hairs there. I think Galway were better, but certainly on the day we didn't seem to get a lot of breaks."
Hyperscale regions will be delivered from Canberra Data Centres in the first half of 2018
Microsoft is opening two new hyperscale cloud regions in Canberra, to be located within Canberra Data Centres (CDC).
The two regions – Central 1 and 2 – are aimed squarely at government and its suppliers, and will double Microsoft's available regions in Australia, adding to those in Sydney and Melbourne. Both the new regions are due to be available in the first half of next year.
Microsoft's expansion into Canberra will be the first time public cloud services from a major provider are located in the same highly secure facilities as some of the nation's most sensitive data, the company said.
“Government is one of the biggest consumers and producers of data, and that data lives in CDC for the most part. If we can bring hyperscale cloud into the same data centres, where government data lives, we can have secure networking between them, we can have all of the capability of CDC from a physical and personnel and security perspective – we can help government really accelerate innovation and the modernisation of services,” James Kavanagh, principal program manager, Microsoft Azure ecosystem engineering, told Computerworld.
The new regions will initially offer core Azure services, with plans to expand the offering. Government agencies will also benefit from CDC's Intra Government Communications Network (ICON) connectivity.
“This is one of the largest investments we will make in this year. To partner with CDC on this, there are not many who can do that. I'm glad that it's us that are doing that,” Kavanagh added. “It's not small; we don't do small when we do hyperscale. It's big, big infrastructure.”
Get yourself Protected
Microsoft expects the regions will be able to service data classified at the Protected level and for the services to eventually be added to the Australian Signals Directorate's Certified Cloud Services List. Approval for an expanded range of Azure cloud services to handle Unclassified data was issued in June.
Work towards achieving the approval began two years ago, Kavanagh explained.
“It's a very intensive process to go through what it takes to do Protected assessment. It's years of work. It's full time engineering teams assigned to it. For us it is massive amounts of investment, of time and energy and willingness to listen to changes and adapt to requirements,” they said.
Microsoft's James Kavanagh and Greg Boorer, CEO of Canberra Data Centres
The assessment process for Protected certification began at the same time as for Unclassified certification which was granted earlier this year. The assessment involves Microsoft proving its products meet close to a thousand distinct security controls laid out in the ASD-maintained Information Security Manual, before the claims are verified by independent IRAP assessors and multiple ASD reviews.
Microsoft is quietly confident it will gain Protected certification.
IRAP assessors Shearwater concluded their report with a positive recommendation of Protected Certification for a range of services in both Microsoft Azure and Microsoft Office 365.
The two CDC campuses – in Fyshwick and Hume – are the only commercial data centre facilities in Australia with the security controls and Defence accreditations needed for the handling of Top Secret government data.
”You can't download the manual on how to run a secret building! We've built Canberra Data Centres from the ground-up over 10 years with a singular purpose to be the most trusted, flexible and resilient platform for government innovation. CDC is the only place where you can consume Protected cloud today” CDC CEO Greg Boorer told Computerworld.
The following divorces were granted in Surry County:
– Carrie S Thompson and Dennis J Thompson Jr. Married March 8, 2008, Divorce Granted Jan.26
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Big KRIT, fresh off the release of “Confetti,” will be releasing their first album as a “Free Agent” since leaving Def Jam Records, and it looks like the time they spent on hiatus has been well-used. 4eva Is A Mighty Long Time will be a double album, and from the looks of the tracklist, won't have any features.
The album has been eagerly anticipated by fans of the Mississippi rapper since their manager revealed the news that it was completed and turned in for publishing, and the above trailer was released just last week. In the trailer, KRIT kills and buries a double of himself, possibly representing a reinvention, a la Jay-Z's “Kill Jay-Z” from 4:44. Last night, KRIT also dropped the Alex Nazari-directed music video for “Keep The Devil Off (Take 1),” the second single after “Confetti” which you can watch below.
KRIT had been quiet since the 2014 release of their second album on Def Jam Records, Cadillactica, which was a commercial disappointment despite its critical acclaim. Since then, KRIT's biggest public appearance was at the 2016 BET Awards, where they delivered a moving spoken word performance addressing the ongoing — and seemingly increasing — wave of police violence against people of color in that year.
We'll see if 4eva Is A Mighty Long Time gives Big KRIT the fresh start they need on October 27th. Pre-order the album at Big KRIT's website, and check out the art and tracklists below.
Big KRIT
01. “Big K.R.I.T.”
02. “Confetti”
03. “Big Bank”
04.“Subenstein (My Sub IV)”
05. “1999”
06. “Ride Wit Me”
07. “Get Up 2 Come Down”
08. “Layup”
09. “Classic Interlude)”
10. “Aux Cord”
11. “Get Away”
Big KRIT
01. “Justin Scott”
02. “Mixed Messages”
03. “Keep the Devil Off”
04. “Miss Georgia Fornia”
05. “Everlasting”
06. “Higher Calling”
07. “Weekend Interlude”
08. “Price Of Fame”
09. “Drinking Sessions”
10. “The Light”
11. “Bury Me In Gold”
In an otherwise well-buried interview between former interim CIA Director Mike Morell, (the temp director following Petraeus ouster used during initial Benghazi cover), there's an admission by Morell about the politicized Deep State Intelligence leadership targeting candidate Donald Trump.
What this interview tells CTH is that the Intelligence Community, writ large, is on the precipice of massive institutional change -perhaps high level firings of remaining mid level operators and management- and those who participated in the historic politicization are now attempting to shape an explanation.
[Via Politico] QUESTION: Was that a mistake? Mike Morell: So, I don't think it was a mistake. I think there were downsides to it that I didn't think about at the time. I was concerned about what is the impact it would have on the agency, right? Very concerned about that, thought that through. But I don't think I fully thought through the implications. And one of the ways I've thought about that, Susan, is—okay, how did Donald Trump see this? Right? And from—it's very important—one of the things we do as intelligence analysts is make sure that our guy—the president—understands the other guy. Right?
So, let's put ourselves here in Donald Trump's shoes. So, what do they see? Right? They see a former director of CIA and a former director of NSA, Mike Hayden, who I have the greatest respect for, criticizing them and their policies. Right? And they could rightfully have said, “Huh, what's going on with these intelligence guys?” Right?
Beyond all else what Morell is doing here is an admission. Mike Morell is admitting to the politicization of the intelligence community.
Morell is also admitting that every concern expressed by candidate, president-elect and President Trump was -and is- correct. However, Morell is simultaneously trying to explain, justify and excuse it; as well as cover their ass.
[…] And then they see a former acting director and deputy director of CIA criticizing them and endorsing their opponent. And then they get their first intelligence briefing, after becoming the Republican nominee, and within 24 to 48 hours, there are leaks out of that that are critical of them and their then-national security advisor, Mike Flynn. And so, this stuff starts to build, right? And they must have said to himself, “What is it with these intelligence guys? Are they political?” The current director at the time, John Brennan, during the campaign occasionally would push back on things that Donald Trump had said. So, when Trump talked about the Iran nuclear deal being the worst deal in the history of American diplomacy, and they were going to tear it up on the first day—John Brennan came out publicly and said, “That would be an act of folly.” So, they see current sitting director pushing back on him. Right? Then they become president, and he's supposed to be getting a daily brief from the moment they become the president-elect. Right? And they don't. And within a few days, there are leaks about how he's not taking their briefing. So, they must have thought—right?—that, “Who are these guys? Are these guys out to get me? Is this a political organization? Can I think about them as a political organization when I become president?” So, I think there was a significant downside to those of us who became political in that moment. So, if I could have thought of that, would I have ended up in a different place? I don't know. But it's something I didn't think about. (read more)
The entire interview with Mike Morell is an exercise in ass-covering as the larger institutional Intelligence Community (IC) begins to see what's coming into focus on the horizon. James Clapper and John Brennan previously tried this approach.
It is not coincidental the origin of all ‘vast-Russian-conspiracy‘ stories seem to start with a discussion of intelligence gathering beginning in July of 2016. The GOP convention to nominate Donald Trump was July 18-21st of 2016.
Surrounding the nomination that stunned the geo-political world almost every foreign government was trying to figure out who and what Donald J Trump was all about; and more specifically: how would their run for the presidency impact their specific interests.
WASHINGTON NYT — American spies collected information last summer revealing that senior Russian intelligence and political officials were discussing how to exert influence over Donald J. Trump through their advisers, according to three current and former American officials familiar with the intelligence. [Paragraph #5] The information collected last summer was considered credible enough for intelligence agencies to pass to the F.B.I., which during that period opened a counterintelligence investigation that is continuing. It is unclear, however, whether Russian officials actually tried to directly influence Mr. Manafort and Mr. Flynn. Both have denied any collusion with the Russian government on the campaign to disrupt the election. (link)
The New York Times should win a Pulitzer for undermining their own ‘Russian Conspiracy' headline narrative within the fifth paragraph. [It's a current trend] I digress.
Obviously Russia would be asking these questions along with China, France, England, the larger EU and every nation in every continent. It would be silly to claim otherwise.
Ergo a diplomatic mission by Russian governmental officials surrounding the GOP convention to understand the Trump orbit is no different than a Chinese, European or Arab-Asian effort for the same reason.
However, what the international interest did necessarily initiate was a bunch of foreign officials making contact with anyone and everyone who would be associated with Trump-world regardless of concentric circle distance from the epicenter.
That intellectually honest understanding highlights how the origin of the July 2016 raw intelligence gathering began so easily. The CIA monitoring chatter amid foreign diplomats, their customary job, turns into raw data provided to the FBI which in turn becomes FISA warrants to explore the U.S. contacts on the other side of that chatter.
The FISA warrants turn into intelligence reports and that begins the entire process now known as “unmasking” etc. Nothing within this process so far is even in question. This is the accurate backdrop for the origin of intelligence reports used as political weapons. CIA Director John Brennan testified to this exact process before congress.
However, what is not reported by any media outline is John Brennan, understanding the potential legal risk looming on the horizon, also completely backed toward the exit and threw FBI Director James Comey in front of the rapidly approaching sunlight.
Former CIA Director John Brennan gave very specific testimony to congress where they noted they provided the raw intelligence to FBI Director Comey – FULLSTOP.
Where “fullstop” directly and immediately indicates Brennan's throwing the responsibility for all that came next upon FBI Director James Comey. John Brennan did the ‘outta-here-like-a-fat-kid-playing-dodge-ball routine‘ with great specificity:
“Again, in consultation with the White House, I PERSONALLY briefed the full details of our understanding of Russian attempts to interfere in the election to congressional leadership; specifically: Senators Harry Reid, Mitch McConnell, Dianne Feinstein and Richard Burr; and to representatives Paul Ryan, Nancy Pelosi, Devin Nunes and Adam Schiff between 11th August and 6th September [2016], I provided the same briefing to each of the gang of eight members.” “Given the highly sensitive nature of what was an active counter-intelligence case [that means the FBI], involving an ongoing Russian effort, to interfere in our presidential election, the full details of what we knew at the time were shared only with those members of congress; each of whom was accompanied by one senior staff member.”… (link)
Shorter version: don't try pinning this Russian investigation, FISA warrants and the illegal leaks, on me; I just provided the raw intelligence.
It is important to emphasize here the possibly illegal “unmasking“, and the certainly illegal “leaking“, were all based on intelligence reports generated from raw intelligence, and not the raw intelligence itself. It was the FBI (Comey) and ODNI (Clapper) generating the intel reports, including the Presidents' Daily Briefing (PDB).
The CIA provided raw intel, and the NSA generated the raw monitoring intelligence from the characters identified by the CIA and approved by FBI FISA warrant submissions.
It would be EXPLOSIVE if it turned out the October 2016 FISA warrant was gained by deception, misleading/manipulated information, or fraud as a result of the Russian Dossier; and exponentially more explosive if the dossier was -in part- organized by the wife of an investigative member of the DOJ who was applying for the FISA warrant; the same warrant that led to the wiretapping and surveillance of the Trump campaign and General Flynn, and was authorized by FISA Court Judge Contreras – who was, until recently, the judge in Flynn's case.
The FBI were running the counter-intelligence operation and generating the actual reports that were eventually shared with the White House, Susan Rice and the Dept of Justice. Those reports, and interpretations of the report content, were eventually leaked to the media.
During the time James Comey's FBI was generating the intelligence reports, Comey admitted they intentionally never informed congressional oversight: “because of the sensitivity of the matter“.
John Brennan effectively (and intentionally) took themselves out of the picture from the perspective of the illegal acts within the entire process. James Clapper while rubbing their face and scratching their head had taken the same route earlier.
That leaves James Comey.
How will Über-political James Comey play theirs hand?
The answer to that question explains why Comey changed their mind on testifying to congress before talking to newly appointed special counsel Robert Mueller.
Former FBI Director James Comey is not stupid and is intensely political. Comey understands the legal risks they are facing within the faux “Russian conspiracy story” and the “subsequent leaking” of their political FBI reports.
James Clapper (DNI) and John Brennan (CIA) have essentially left Comey holding the bag of nothing-burgers while standing on the hot coals of possibly: A) illegal leaking; and B.) unethical unmasking; and C.) illegal use of investigative resources for political objectives – All three stemming from activity within their FBI counter-intelligence investigation.
If the entire fiasco blows up, does Comey anticipate the Trump DOJ taking legal action against him? If yes, can Comey leverage/mold the nothing-burgers into plausible claims of investigative interference by President Trump in order to generate a get-out-of-jail card for himself?…. Now we understand the current narrative status.
Beside the media, who will help Comey in that regard?
Decisions… decisions….
Advertisements
A Christmas crackdown against suspected burglars had led to another 16 arrests over the weekend.
To date, 81 people have now been arrested as part of Operation Sleigh, a Northumbria Police campaign targeting suspected burglars across South Tyneside and Sunderland in the run-up to the festive season.
The 12-day blitz was launched on December 1 and has seen officers from the force hand-delivering Christmas cards to the homes of known criminals - warning them, officers have them in their sights.
The cards aim to remind burglars that they ‘won't get away with it'.
They also highlight the fact that the least a criminal can expect to receive from police if they are tempted to commit crime, is being arrested, time in a police cell, stringent bail conditions and a court case to follow.
Detective Chief Inspector Lee Gosling said: "Since December 1 we have been running Operation Sleigh – a 12 day campaign disrupting the criminal behaviour of those suspected of being involved in burglary in the run up to Christmas.
"But, it is not just in the run up to Christmas that we target burglars, burglary is a priority for us in the area command and we carry out work throughout the year to make sure burglars are put behind bars.
"Those who do spoil other people's Christmas by committing burglary can expect to have their own Christmas spoiled by Northumbria Police.
"Generally, people's perception of burglary in the run up to Christmas is that it rises.
"We wanted to run this operation to reassure the public burglary is still one of our key priorities and the chances of becoming a victim of a burglary is low."
Police also say registering valuable Christmas gifts with the property register database Immobilise can help catch burglars.
DCI Gosling added: "Our proactive work at targeting burglars and those handling stolen goods means we often seize items we suspect have been stolen, but often cannot prove this.
"By registering valuable items on property register database if we do seize it we can check it on the database and find out who it belongs to – and catch those in the act of handling stolen goods which can ultimately lead us to a burglar."
Residents are being asked to help police combat the burglars by ensuring doors and windows are locked and presents are not left in view of people passing through house windows.
Visit www.immobilise.com to register valuable and sentimental items.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
STACEY VANEK SMITH, HOST:
We want to turn to another voice in Charlottesville now. Michael Signer is the mayor of Charlottesville, and they join me on the line now. Mayor Signer, welcome.
MICHAEL SIGNER: Thank you for having me.
SMITH: So you were a faculty member and an alum of the University of Virginia. That is where the white nationalists first marched on Friday night, holding the torches. We all saw those images. How did it make you feel to see that happen?
SIGNER: I thought it was tantamount to terrorism, to tell you the truth. I mean, it was a visual display that was clearly meant to intimidate and terrorize. And it was also just, you know, it was sad and outrageous all at the same time to see several hundred people carrying these torches down the campus of the visionary behind our Bill of Rights and our, you know, constitutional rights. And they walked right up to the front door of a historic church that is right off of the grounds of UVA, where there were several hundred people at that time who were engaged in an interfaith prayer service, praying for love rather than hate. So it was just a very sad display.
SMITH: The protests in your city began after it was announced that the city was planning to take down a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee. White nationalists have opposed that decision, but you also opposed it. You wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post, saying that the city should keep the statue and other statues like it and provide historical context for them. Do you still feel that way?
SIGNER: Well, the great thing about democracy is that you've got different opinions and - on issues that divide people and that are complicated. We convened a blue-ribbon commission on race memorials in public spaces that met for six months, had 17 public hearings and had two charges - to change the narrative in Charlottesville by telling the full story of race through our public spaces. They were asked to look not only at the Lee statue, but a bunch of other things.
And it was a majority African-American commission. And they - after they did that public engagement, they surprised a lot of people by recommending that, no matter what, the statue stay within the borders of Charlottesville. And their reasoning was summed up by a conversation I had with a African-American neighbor of mine, a woman whose family has been in their home for over a hundred years. And they said I want those statues there, so that my grandchildren know what happened here.
SMITH: After President Trump spoke yesterday about what had happened in Charlottesville, you spoke and said that the president and the people around them were partially responsible for an increase in racially-motivated violence. What did you mean by that?
SIGNER: Look. I think anybody who watched the presidential campaign saw a invitation to these forces that call themselves alt-right to really come into a mainstream presidential campaign. And that was a choice. And, you know, I think it's a very regrettable choice. And I took special note that you didn't hear those words white supremacy. You didn't hear any specific, you know, reckoning with what white nationalism really is and this...
SMITH: From the president.
SIGNER: ...Bigotry and intolerance. I mean, there were people - this isn't just about race, by the way. There were chants on the campus of UVA on Friday night, saying, you will not replace us. That's what they keep on saying. And they were chanting Jew will not replace us. I mean, this was a chant that you're hearing. You know, there's blame to be had, but I'm much more interested now in all forces coming together and starting the hard work that we have to turn the corner on the mainstreaming of this kind of language and thought in our country. I feel in my bones that we will do it. Democracy is a very resilient system. It's resilient - actually, most energetic when it's tested.
I mean, we have overcome so many threats to our democracy and our country. We overcame McCarthyism and Jim Crow laws and segregation. And we did it through what we have - through the norms and the principles that make up the kind of beating heart of democracy. I know that we're going to overcome, you know, this new surge of bigotry that now has come up. And we - democracy's good at addressing these sorts of things from within itself. There's nothing that is what's wrong with us that what's right with us can't address. I'm just hopeful and confident that it's going to happen, and it, you know, partly is going to begin with what people saw this weekend on full display.
SMITH: Michael Signer is the mayor of Charlottesville. Mayor, thank you so much for being with us.
SIGNER: Thank you so much for having me. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
It's been a while since Dr. Ben Carson has visited south Louisiana, but they returned to the area Monday to tour areas hit hard by last year's historic flood and check in on how the state is handling the HUD dollars allocated to help.
Dr. Carson actually hasn't been in the Capital area since 2015, which was before they were named secretary of the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). They were scheduled to hold a press conference at 4:15 p.m. about their trip, but that was pushed back as the schedule got slightly behind.
During this trip, they toured Denham Springs housing with Mayor Gerard Landry, Congressman Garret Graves, US Sen. John Kennedy and Governor John Bel Edwards.
“I would like to thank Sec. Carson and their wife, Candy, for accepting my invitation to come down to Louisiana to tour the flood damage and witness firsthand the efforts being made by local, state, and federal officials to recover, fully, from the devastating flood last year,” said Sen. Kennedy. “It is imperative that we continue to work together, both at the local and national level, to make sure our communities have every avenue available to rebuild stronger than ever.”
Carson began their remarks by praising Louisiana for being resilient during the past year and complimenting state leadership on the job done to recover.
“Of all the states, I don't think any has more experience in dealing with disasters than Louisiana,” Carson said.
Prior to the news conference, Carson toured Charlotte Rimes's home on highway 16 in Denham Springs. Rimes still has a long way to go in their fight to make their Denham Springs home whole again.
"I'm going to have to do some patching here, patching on that side over there and patching in the laundry room," they said.
Rimes say their home is still in shambles and the kitchen sink is still the one installed with the state's Shelter at Home Program. They believe that is unacceptable a year later.
"It's been horrid,” they said. “Nothing's right. I mean this is a house but it's not a home yet. We've started it but it's not completed."
When the FEMA dollars started to dry up, they found comfort in the Restore Louisiana Program but they haven't been exactly pleased with its speed.
Rimes still has a lot of work left to do inside their home and is hoping the Restore Louisiana funds will be the lifeline they need. For now though, their belongings are still boxed up in their backyard.
"We're still sleeping on some blow up mattresses," Rimes added.
The 68-year-old had the ear of local, state and federal leaders Monday as Carson toured their home as part of their South Louisiana visit.
Despite being invited and told it would be open to the media in an official communication from Carson's office last week, the media was not allowed inside during the HUD secretary's tour. Afterwards it was all smiles for Carson. At a news conference immediately following, the head of Housing and Urban Development said so far they were happy with Louisiana's recovery.
"I've been very impressed by what's been going on here,” Carson said. “Like I said before, nobody's had as much experience as Louisiana in dealing with floods and dealing with natural disasters and they've done a good job."
For the most part, Carson believes the state has handled recovery well and they would even like to see local efforts modeled in other areas.
"There's a lot of knowledge here that can be spread around to the rest of the country," said Carson.
They admit there are problems with federal aid and says they are working to speed up the process by cutting regulations; however, when asked which regulations need to be axed, the secretary was not very specific.
"There's a long, long, long list of regulations. That's the very reason that executive order 13771 and 13777 were brought about and they go across all the agencies in government and those are the kinds of things where you will start to see some results very, very quickly," said Carson.
Rimes say they are simply tired of the process and just wants their home back by the holidays.
"I don't need to fancy. I just need a kitchen,” they said. “I mean we're not far from Thanksgiving and I want my family here."
Earlier in the day, Carson and their wife met with the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness (GOHSEP) to talk about ongoing flood recovery efforts and steps to make the state more resilient in the future.
Click here for more
Carson also met with a number of area leaders to discuss homelessness in south Louisiana. He's expected to visit the New Orleans area Tuesday before heading back to Washington.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Just before 8 pm Friday, four males entered the Imperial Variety in Hamilton. They walked around the store for a bit, then left but came back 10 minutes later and flashed a large hunting knife.
“Right away they pointed the knife at me, I stepped back and right away grabbed the spray can.” Yogesh Tandon.
Yogesh sprayed they would be thieves with dog repellent, you can see it in the video. One of the suspects ran away after being sprayed in the face, another came back for more.
“Then when they came back, I sprayed them again. The can was empty after that, I opened the door and ran outside yelling help, help.”
Neighbours had already called police, and four men ranging from 17-25 were arrested nearby.
It is against the law to use pepper spray on people, but Hamilton police say Yogesh feared for their life, and used reasonable force, but they don't recommend what they did.
Yogesh is considering closing up shop earlier at night because of this incident.
DesRosiers Automotive Consultants says a five-year growth trend in year-to-date sales of new light vehicles in Canada ended in June.
The Toronto auto market watcher says 1,036,677 new light vehicles were sold in Canada in the first six months of the year, down 0.2 per cent from the record-setting six-month total of 1,039,068 in the same period of 2017.
It was the first decline in year-to-date numbers since March 2013 and comes as June marked the fourth month in a row of year-over-year monthly declines in sales.
Sales of new vehicles were down 1.6 per cent in June at 200,156 versus the same month last year, as a 1.4 per cent gain in sales of light trucks was more than offset by an eight per cent decline in passenger car sales.
A man who accused Seattle Mayor Ed Murray of sexually abusing them when they were a teenager has asked a court to dismiss the lawsuit they filed against the mayor.
"Delvonn Heckard is only delaying their lawsuit until the mayor is out of power," their lawyer, Lincoln Beauregard, said Wednesday on Twitter.
In a motion filed Tuesday, Beauregard said Heckard feels it would be wise to complete their extensive counseling and recovery before moving forward with the case.
They said in the motion that Heckard determined it would be better for the success of the case and the citizens of Seattle if it went forward after Murray was out of office next year.
In an email to The Associated Press Wednesday, the lawyer said, "we look forward to winning."
Murray, who has denied the allegation, dropped their re-election bid because of the lawsuit that claimed they paid Heckard for sex in the 1980s.
A spokesperson for Murray didn't immediately respond to a request Wednesday for comment.
Murray has said it was better for the city if they didn't run for a second term.
Their lawyers, Malaika Eaton and Robert Sulkin, filed a motion on May 24 saying the lawsuit should be dismissed.
They argued that Heckard had failed to state a legitimate claim and that their sex-abuse claims are barred by Washington's statute of limitations. They also said Murray should be reimbursed for legal costs.
Heckard's lawsuit, filed in April, claims Murray paid Heckard, now a 46-year-old suburban Seattle man, for sex three decades ago.
Two other men claimed in interviews with The Seattle Times that Murray abused them in the 1980s when they lived in an Oregon center for troubled children. They were not part of the Heckard lawsuit.
The suit was filed as Murray became a high-profile critic of President Donald Trump. At the time, Murray spokesperson Jeff Reading said the case was politically motivated and timed to derail the mayor's re-election bid.
Beauregard's motion claims Murray's lawyers and their former campaign team "have successfully tainted the jury pool with false information about the accusers." A judge previously rejected Beauregard's request to move the trial out of the city.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are a victim of sex abuse, but Heckard has said they wanted their name made public.
NOTE TO READERS: This story has been updated to include the recently amended data release on regional chair Alan Caslin's expense files that now includes some receipts.
Niagara taxpayers paid thousands of dollars in roaming charges incurred by St. Catharines' regional councillor Andy Petrowski in 2016 while they were travelling overseas.
Recently released data on regional councillor expenses show that in a single month Petrowski racked up a $17,000 in roaming charges on their regional cell phone while in the Caribbean and the United States.
The bill shows that Petrowski moved 710 megabytes of data through their phone while in the Caribbean and another 670 megabytes while in the United States.
They did not respond to requests for an interview.
Since the data was released on Jan. 16, The Standard made multiple requests to the Region to find out if the public paid for the councillor's bill.
Those requests went unanswered until Wednesday when the Region's chief administrative officer Carmen D'Angelo sent an email to The Standard explaining the public paid for some, but not all of the bill.
D'Angelo explained Petrowksi's initial bill was $17,205.75. Regional staff negotiated with Rogers Communications, the Region's cell phone provider, to reduce the bill to $5,414.56.
The public paid that bill.
“That shows a great deal of disrespect to the taxpayer,” said Christine Van Geyn, Ontario director of the Canadian Taxpayer's Federation. “I certainly wouldn't go to the Caribbean and leave my phone on the whole time. If I came back to work with a cell phone bill like that, or if you did, we'd be fired.
“Even though the Region got the bill down to $5,000, that is still an outrageous bill to expect the taxpayer to pay. The councillor should have to pay that money back.”
Petrowski's phone bill is not the first time taxpayers have paid for councillor's significant expenses.
Last year Petrowski claimed, and was paid for, nearly $45,000 in legal bills related to integrity commissioner reports regarding their conduct.
Petrowski is also required by the courts to pay the Region $5,500 in legal costs following a failed attempt to sue most of regional council to block the publication of those reports.
While the Region says it is in the process of collecting those costs from Petrowski — who is currently on leave from council — the language of the Region's policies opens the door to allow them to claim the money as expenses.
“Legal costs arising from or in any way related to complaints under the Code of Conduct are eligible expenses,” says council's expense policy which was created in November after The Standard published Petrowski's legal bills.
While Petrowski's phone bill had the highest roaming charges of any member of regional council, they were not the only one to be billed thousands of dollars for the phone usage.
St. Catharines regional Coun. Tim Rigby, Fort Erie Coun. Sandy Annunziata and Port Colborne Coun. David Barrick all ended up with hefty roaming charges. However, in each case, the councillors said the charges were made in error. After the Region talked to Rogers, those charges were removed.
When asked about their roaming charges last month, Annunziata said it has been an ongoing issue and councillors have to watch their bills for any errors. They said each councillor has to sign off on their annual phone bills, so there is an opportunity to investigate any problems before the public pays for it.
The Standard sent multiple interview requests to Regional Chair Alan Caslin Thursday to talk about their expenses, those of council and council's expense policy. The request was not answered.
Caslin has not responded to multiple requests made by The Standard since the Jan. 16 release of data nor has they answered questions about why they won't be interviewed.
In the Jan 16 data release, Caslin's expenses show they claimed expensive meals, but the data did not include any supporting information, does not say where they were meeting — even the city is omitted from the records — why, or who they were meeting with. On Jan. 23, that file was amended to include some receipts showing what kind of meals Caslin purchased with tax dollars, including a $116 lobster meal for two at The St. Catharines Club.
The recently added receipts also show that Caslin expensed a $222 meal - listed as a "meeting with constituent" - La Scala Ristorante on Queen Street in St. Catharines. The meal included two pasta dishes, mineral waters, salads and antipasti.
The reasons for these meals are not given in the amended documentation.
Caslin has repeatedly emailed a short statement to The Standard praising the release of the data as an act of transparency. They said voters can judge their expenses by their record and mentioned the Canada Summer Games and the Welland GE plant as successes.
Caslin's statement does not say how their expenses relate to these items.
Councillor expense data going back 20 years was released by the Region following freedom of information request made by Caslin in October.
Their filing followed reports in The Standard on councillor expenses in September and the paper's Sept. 28 freedom of information request for all expense reports for this term of council. The Region's information office asked The Standard to put its request aside in favour of Caslin's. The paper refused and the Region denied The Standard's request and processed Caslin's.
The Preds said this week that Boston would be a good test to open the season and it was as the Bruins handed the Preds an opening season los…
By Scott Malone
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (Reuters) - Sandy Cook, a 70-year-old former schoolteacher, bent low in front of the slate "Freedom of Speech Wall" outside Charlottesville City Hall on Monday and wrote a message: "Resist with courage, dignity and purpose."
Them plea was one of dozens etched in chalk on the 54-foot (16.5 m) wall following this weekend's violent clashes in the Virginia city.
"This city is not racist" and "Unity over evil," read two other messages.
As Charlottesville reeled from the killing of a woman during a white-nationalist rally, well-wishers left flowers at a makeshift shrine nearby in the heart of downtown.
Many of the city's 47,000 residents blamed white supremacists for bringing violence to their normally sedate city, the home of the University of Virginia's main campus.
"Charlottesville is a very tolerant place, which is why it's so sad to see this happen here," said Cook, who now works as a tour guide at Monticello, the former home of Thomas Jefferson, the United States' third president and the city's founder.
"I am hoping that more people will come down here and will show that we are not going to let these people take over our town," Cook said as they gazed at the wall, which bears a carving of the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, which guarantees freedom of speech for all Americans.
On Saturday, violence broke out ahead of a "Unite the Right" rally called by white supremacists to protest the planned removal of a statue of a leader of the pro-slavery Confederate army, a symbol considered an affront to African-Americans.
After the melee, as counterprotesters were dispersing, a 20-year-old man who friends say admired Adolf Hitler smashed their car into the crowd, killing a 32-year-old woman.
Mario Jones, the 42-year-old owner of a cab company, said they had been shocked by Saturday's event, largely because they have rarely encountered racist behavior in the city, which is 70 percent white and 19 percent black.
They said protest organizer Jason Kessler misled city officials by saying the rally was focused on the statue of General Robert E. Lee in a state that has long had mixed feelings about its slaveholding past.
"He started with a focus on the statue and a focus on preserving history, and then when they had the platform, they flipped it to white supremacy," said Jones, who is black, as they stood outside the courthouse where the driver in Saturday's incident was ordered held without bail.
Russ Naranjo, 45, stopped to write "Kessler did this!!" on the wall, replacing each "s" in the name with the emblem of the Nazi SS secret police.
"He is a Nazi and they brought this here and then they got in over their head and ran away," said Naranjo, who works in security.
Kessler was punched on Sunday when they attempted to hold a press conference and was ushered away by police.
On Monday they blamed the police for the violence, saying they allowed the event to get out of control. A spokesperson for the Virginia State Police, Corinne Geller, denied that claim.
Naranjo said the hundreds of so-called "alt-right" white supremacists who attended Saturday's rally had been emboldened by Republican U.S. President Donald Trump.
"The alt-right has sprung up because of Donald Trump and they need to do more to denounce them," Naranjo said.
After being criticized by Republicans and Democrats alike for failing to respond forcefully to Saturday's violence, Trump on Monday denounced white supremacists.
While many residents and city leaders blamed the violence on white supremacists, some said both sides were at fault.
"Both sides came to fight," said Mason Pickett, 64, the retired owner of a moving and storage company. "I think if the people on the left would have stood there calmly, the people on the right would not have kicked ass."
(Reporting by Scott Malone; Editing by Frank McGurty and Andrew Hay)
Firefighters are battling a brush fire burning along northbound lanes of I-280 in San Francisco near the Monterey Boulevard onramp.The fire is also burning close to several homes.Stay with ABC7 News on air and online for the latest developments
Southern University announced Thursday it will be altering its homecoming football game start time due to weather forecasts involving Tropical Storm Nate.
Kickoff for Saturday's game against Alabama A&M has been moved up to 1 p.m. The game will still be played at AW Mumford Stadium. The homecoming party has been postponed until further notice. The parade however, has been rescheduled for Saturday, November 4. All entries unable to participate on this day will be issued a refund for the entry fee only. All questions regarding participation in the parade should be emailed to studentaffairs@subr.edu.
Tailgating lots will open at 6 a.m. on Saturday, October 7 ahead of the rescheduled game. Tickets can be purchased at the AW Mumford Stadium ticket booth only. The FG Clark Activity Center ticket office will not be open. Fans can purchase tickets from 9 a.m. until the start of the third quarter of the game.
WAFB 2017 Hurricane Center
"Our policy is to err on the side of caution for situations that involve the safety and well-being of our students, fans, and alumni. With the weather projections surrounding Tropical Storm Nate, we felt it was in the best interest of the Southern University community to move the start time up to allow everyone safe passage home," said SU athletics director, Roman Banks.
SU has also postponed Sunday's Southwestern Athletic Conference home soccer match against Alcorn State and home SWAC volleyball match against Grambling State. Both games will be postponed until a possible makeup date can be determined.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
By Sikhumbuzo Moyo
The Highlanders executive is deeply divided on whether or not to sign temperamental former Dynamos hitman Rodrick Mutuma, who trained with the Bulawayo giants yesterday morning.
Sources said club treasurer Donald Ndebele and secretary-general Emmett Ndlovu are against signing the wayward forward, while acting chairperson Modern Ngwenya and committee member Wisdom Mabhena want Mutuma.
The anti-Mutuma camp is pointing to the striker's wayward behaviour despite coach Erol Akbay declaring that they would deal with it.
Ngwenya rubbished claims of division within the executive over Mutuma, insisting that negotiations with the player are still in progress.
They said the Bosso coach first wanted to have a look at them in action before coming up with a concrete position.
“The coach has openly told us that they want the boy although they needed to see them first which they have done today, so we will stand guided by their input,” said Ngwenya.
Akbay expressed satisfaction with the lanky Mutuma after a two-hour training session at Barbourfields Stadium, with the Dutchman boldly declaring, “keep this guy, they fit into our high tempo football”.
They were responding to questions from the media following the training session after being asked about what their recommendation to the Highlanders' leadership on Mutuma would be.
The Dutchman also said they would have wanted big Francesco Zekumbawire, as they felt their combination with Mutuma would be ideal for Highlanders who are eyeing their first Premiership title in 11 years this year.
“The two guys would have been perfect for us; one has speed and aggression, while the other's precision in front of goal is superb. Unfortunately, Zekumbawire has since signed for ZPC Kariba, but I hope we will be able to sign Mutuma,” said Akbay.
A source said if results do not come their way, Akbay and their technical team can always argue that the executive failed to give them the players they wanted after Gift Mbweti, who was top of their wish list, ended up at FC Platinum and Zekumbawire joined ZPC Kariba.
Well placed sources within the Highlanders' system however, said Mutuma could become a victim of football politics involving the continued suspension of club chairperson Peter Dube by Zifa.
“It's a clear case of flexing muscles here at the expense of Highlanders. We have third forces that are sympathetic to Dube and believe Zifa are punishing Highlanders, but how does the puzzle come together? Mutuma stays with a city business person who is also close to Zifa vice-president Omega Sibanda and those sympathetic to Dube are unhappy with that set up as they believe Sibanda is failing to use their influence to have Dube's suspension lifted – a misplaced wish if you ask me – because Sibanda can't make that decision as an individual,” said the source. The Chronicle
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
FAIRBANKS, Alaska (AP) — A 25-year-old Alaska man on Monday won the Yukon Quest International Sled Dog Race.
The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reports (http://bit.ly/2lIfWu1) Matt Hall of Two Rivers crossed the finish line in downtown Fairbanks just after noon. It's Hall's first win in four tries in the race that goes between Fairbanks and Whitehorse, Yukon, where the Yukon Quest started Feb. 4.
They finished fourth in the Yukon Quest last year after scratching in 2015. They were third in 2014.
Hall took command of the race when then-leader Brent Sass had problems with their team. Sass scratched in Central, which gave Hall a lead of a couple hours over their nearest competitor.
The world's most famous sled dog race, the Iditarod, will have its ceremonial start in Anchorage on March 4. Poor snow conditions in the Alaska Range have forced the official start to Fairbanks on March 6. The winner of the nearly thousand-mile race is expected in Nome about nine days later.
The police investigation against Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu that is scheduled to begin today "appears to be more serious" than previous suspicions, but even if it actually leads Netanyahu to resign, it is likely not to happen before they save Judea and Samaria.
So writes Mordechai Karpel, editor of the monthly magazine Nekudah and a co-founder, with Moshe Feiglin, of the Manhigut Yehudit (Jewish Leadership) organization.
Karpel notes that even as Netanyahu denies any wrongdoing, "he could soon find themselves in a very unpleasant situation." The two previous prime ministers who were investigated for wrongdoing – Ariel Sharon and Ehud Olmert – responded to the pressurous situation by entering into, or trying to enter into, very fateful diplomatic processes "in order to appease the left-wing in the hope of being coddled. In Sharon's case, they succeeded."
However, Karpel writes, it might very well be that Netanyahu - if the suspicions against them are accurate - will take a different approach. Until now, they have been known to be a good goalie, Karpel explains: Good at blocking harmful diplomatic processes such as Oslo, but unable to go on the offensive and take initiatives.
"Now that Netanyahu is facing this investigation," Karpel writes, "the picture has changed. It could be that they will understand that their time is limited. If so, it will force them to initiate and quickly make decisions. They understand better than all of us how the international geo-political situation has changed, providing a one-time opportunity that they know must not be missed – assuming that their intention was truly not only to stop Oslo but also to actually defeat the 'Palestinians.'"
Most specifically, Karpel writes, "It could be that they will realize it's now or never for the annexation of Area C – the Jewishly-populated areas of Judea and Samaria."
Karpel hopes that Netanyahu will wish to leave behind not only a legacy, but also "irreversible facts – a revolutionary change in the history of the Jewish return to Zion."
"This will also be their chance not only to avenge the obsessive persecution against them by the left and the media, but also to turn the unprecedented personal humiliation that they are planning against him, into a historic victory that will change Israeli history and render them a national hero – currently only for a large portion of the Israeli public, but in the future – for the majority."
An influential Iraqi Shiite cleric on Monday urged their fighters to hand state-issued weapons back to the government, following Iraq's declaration of victory against the Islamic State group.
In a speech broadcast on Iraqi television, Muqtada al-Sadr also called on their forces to hand over some territory to other branches of Iraq's security forces, but said their men would continue to guard a holy Shiite shrine in Samarra, north of Baghdad.
Al-Sadr commands one of several mostly Shiite militias that mobilized after IS militants swept across northern and central Iraq in the summer of 2014. The paramilitaries are state-sanctioned and officially under the command of the prime minister, but have their own chains of command.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over IS in a national address on Saturday, after Iraqi forces drove the militants from their last strongholds in the western desert.
Al-Sadr, the scion of a revered Shiite clerical family, commanded a powerful militia that battled U.S. troops in the years after the 2003 invasion. Their fighters are today known as the Peace Brigades, and are part of the Popular Mobilization Forces, the official name of the mostly Shiite militias allied with the government.
During their address Monday, al-Sadr warned members of the paramilitary forces against participating in elections scheduled for May.
Tens of thousands of Popular Mobilization Forces are deployed across the country. Many are viewed with suspicion by some of Iraq's minority Sunnis and Kurds.
The paramilitaries clashed with Kurdish fighters in October when federal forces retook disputed territories in northern Iraq that the Kurds had captured from IS.
By Ashitha Nagesh | Metro |
A man has been arrested for opening body bags at Grefnell Tower and taking photos of victims.
The man, whom we have chosen not to publicly identify, posted the photos of the deceased victims to Facebook because they said they wanted to help identify them.
The Met Police said a 43-year-old man had been arrested near Latimer Road station in North Kensington at around 6pm.
They were arrested on suspicion of sending malicious communications and obstructing a coroner.
However the graphic photos, which have been seen by Metro.co.uk, are still on Facebook – despite a number of commenters reporting them to the site. The posts have also been flooded with negative comments.
In one of the posts, the man claims the body of a victim was left outside their flat for two hours before police or ambulances arrived.
They write ‘Does any one know this body laying outside my flat for more than two hours', before attaching five photos of a deceased victim's upper body.
In another, they didn't write any captions but posted two photos and a video of a closed body bag.
When asked by a commenter if they had opened the body bag, they replied: ‘Yes.'
At least 12 people have been killed in the devastating blaze that ripped through Grefnell Tower in North Kensington.
Police warn that the death toll is likely to increase significantly as fire crews continue the search and rescue operation.
Another 79 people have been rushed to hospital, 18 of whom are in a critical condition.
Hundreds have been left homeless, and hundreds more are unaccounted for.
ASUNCION, Paraguay (AP) — Central Bank employees will count about 30 tons of Venezuelan currency seized in a private house in Paraguay, while officials try to figure out why the vast quantity of 50- and 100-bolivar bills was brought into the country.
The cash was discovered in Salto del Guaira, a city about 370 kilometers (230 miles) northeast of the capital of Asuncion, on the border with Brazil in a region known for the contraband trade.
Paraguayan officials said they are trying to determine whether the money was brought into the country legally. The only person detained so far is Leandro Da Costa, owner of the house where the money was found.
Prosecutor Julio Yegros told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the quantity of bills was too big for the people in their office to count it manually, so they asked for help from the Central Bank, which has the "respective machinery."
"The counting should begin in the coming days," they said.
Yegros said Da Costa has told authorities the money was bought to their house by a friend of their son.
"There are many rumors in Salto del Guaira," Yegros said. "One is that the bills have no value as money because, supposedly, they were pulled from circulation by the Venezuelan government in January."
Another rumor is that the bills' paper is of high quality, meaning it could be reused for legal or illegal purposes.
Currency-quality paper is needed for counterfeiting, though authorities did not specifically mention this as a possible use for the bills.
In December, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro announced that their country's popular 100-bolivar banknote would be pulled from circulation and replaced with a higher-denomination bill. But they later extended use of the denomination when the replacement note wasn't ready and people left without currency looted stores.
In January, the new bills ranging from 500 to 20,000 bolivars were put in circulation and there is Feb. 20 deadline for the 100-bolivar notes to remain legal tender.
From Trussville Tribune staff reports
TRUSSVILLE — Petco, a leading specialty retailer of premium pet food, supplies and services, will open five new stores this month, including Trussville's store at Homestead Village the weekend of April 28-30. The store is currently open for business.
According to its website, Petco stores provide a one-stop shopping experience where pet parents can purchase anything from pet food to toys and apparel, while addressing the holistic health needs of pets via the grooming salon, dog training area and in-store Vetco clinics.
Each new store will offer pet parents and their pets dog training areas, adoption centers and grooming salons. The stores will continue to offer a wide selection of branded products as well as private label offerings sold only at Petco, including the Trolls, Dr. Seuss and Star Wars Pet Fan Collections.
People and pets are invited to attend the grand opening festivities taking place at each store, followed by a special Wellness Center celebration the next weekend where they'll receive a voucher for a free vaccination package. Wellness Centers offer pet parents convenient and affordable pet wellness and vaccination services inside select Petco and Unleashed by Petco stores.
Grand opening activities include ribbon cutting ceremonies, as well as in-store adoption events and special offers for Pals Rewards customers.
Selena Gomez isn't totally comfortable with religion, but that doesn't mean she's not a believer. During a visit to the “Zach Sang” show on Tuesday, the 24-year-old pop princess said that religion basically freaks them out.
“It's hard because I don't know if it's necessarily that I believe in religion as much as I believe in faith and a relationship with God,” the “Bad Liar” songstress revealed. “I've never been the person that's like, ‘This is what it should be,'” they explained. “I've just experienced things in my life where there are holes in things that nothing else can fill and I know that if I didn't have the faith that I had it wouldn't have gotten me through some of the hardest times in my life.” They later added, “That word freaks me out sometimes, you know.”
The fact that the specific word freaks them out may be somewhat of a technicality, however, considering the fact that they have attended church services at the uber-trendy, celebrity-studded Hillsong Church in New York City. (ICYMI: Hillsong has attracted a bevy of young stars, ranging from Golden State Warriors player Kevin Durant to Selena's ex, Justin Bieber.)
View photos Selena Gomez on their way to Hillsong NYC on June 4. (Photo: JosiahW/BACKGRID) More
On Sunday, June 4, while in town to (allegedly) visit their boyfriend, The Weekend, Gomez dropped in on services. According to a recent interview with Elvis Duran, Gomez said they look up to Pastor Carl Lentz, who helms Hillsong, and regularly seeks out their advice. “I haven't really been all over the place lately and that's kind of intentional. I think it's important to balance out where I am, and I've been doing this for a really long time, and my sanity has meant everything to me, and a lot of that is my faith,” they said.
Another thing about religion she's not too keen on? Being photographed on their way to and from church. “It's also still a little disrespectful, I have to be honest,” they told Duran. “I think they get the objective of me going to do something and when I leave it's like they almost want to make it worse as I'm leaving church but you can't leave church in a bad mood.” For the record, they didn't leave in a bad mood — despite the photographers following them “I felt very empowered when I walked out and I was very happy.”
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
NAIROBI, Kenya — Namibian media say an elephant trampled and killed an Argentine who was in a group of hunters tracking a herd of elephants.
The Namibia Press Agency said the hunter, identified as 46-year-old Jose Monzalvez, was killed on Saturday afternoon in a private wildlife area 70 kilometres (43 miles) northwest of the small town of Kalkfeld.
The agency said Monzalvez, who worked for an oil company, was with another Argentine and three Namibians when they were killed. It says one of the elephants charged before the group was able to find a spot to aim and shoot.
The report says Monzalvez had a hunting permit with them and that relatives have been informed of their death.
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the first drug to slow kidney decline in patients with the most common inherited kidney disease.
Jynarque (jihn-AR'-kew), from Japan's Otsuka Pharmaceutical, was approved Tuesday for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
The progressive genetic disorder is the fourth-leading cause of kidney failure. It causes fluid-filled cysts to develop in and damage kidneys.
The FDA rejected it in 2013 but approved it after the drugmaker did an additional study. That one-year study, involving 1,370 patients with advanced disease, found the drug on average slowed kidney function decline about 35 percent more than dummy pills.
Otsuka says the drug, also known as tolvaptan, will cost $13,401 per month without insurance.
Jynarque can cause serious, even fatal liver injury, excessive urination and other side effects.
LaVar Ball's plan to get LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo onto the Los Angeles Lakers with Lonzo Ball seemed far-fetched before they pulled their youngest sons out of school (i.e. UCLA and Chino Hills High School), and looks like a pipe dream now that Gelo and Melo are heading overseas to play with Lithuanian club Prienu Vytautas in January. But as LiAngelo told Bleacher Report's Adam Zagoria during the Big Baller Brand's New York City pop-up shop at Sneaker Pawn on Sunday, they have faith in the path that the Father of Balls has laid out for them and their 16-year-old brother.
“Yeah, it can happen,” Gelo said. “He knows what he's doing, so I just trust the process.”
LiAngelo also noted that he's fine leaving behind the college experience and all that entails.
“It's fun. I respect the coaches and stuff, and I had friends on the team, but I don't feel like I'm missing out,” they said. “I still gotta go my own way. I just gotta take a different route.
“Yeah, [college is] fun, but the real world is fun too, so I don't feel like I'm missing out on nothing.”
We'll see if they and Melo still feel that way once they've gotten a feel for Eastern Europe, where they will play professional basketball for the “LaVar Ball of Lithuania.”
The 2018 CGA- JRS League concluded this past Saturday with their Grand Tournament. Tournament Champions were the team of Trevor Cole, Analeah Ybarra, Connor Byerly and Townsend Porras. 2nd Place team Erich Byerly, Makayla Chavez, Brooks Wright and Gabriel Granados. 3rd Place team Jacob Marquez, Analisa De Los Santos, Andrew Smith and Kaidan Granados. Also participating Brycen Cervantes, Alisa Ortega, Kian Mulkey, Jayden Green, Brayden Cervantes, Jocelyn Young, Aralius Diaz, Aiden De Los Santos, Jason Ortega, Ryleigh Moore, Mason Ornelas and Kalan Henigan. Tournament Closest to Pin went to Erich Byerly. Longest Drive Champions were Trevor Cole, Andrew Smith and Jayden Green. A special thanks to Gaurdian Energy Services, Chicano Golf Association and Comanche Trail Golf Course.
The Organisers of four International Ski Federation (FIS) World Championship events will be elected during next month's International Ski Congress in Costa Navarino in Greece, it has been confirmed.
Among the events set to be awarded is the 2022 FIS Ski Flying World Championships, for which Vikersund in Norway is the sole candidate.
Courchevel-Méribel in France and Saalbach in Austria are the two candidates for the 2023 FIS Alpine World Ski Championships, while Planica in Slovenia and Trondheim in Norway are both vying for the 2023 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.
Bakuriani in Georgia is currently the only preliminary candidate for the one other event on offer, the 2023 FIS Freestyle Ski and Snowboard World Championships.
The announcement of the four elected organisers is due to take place on May 17.
The six candidates will present their concepts to all Congress participants from display stands and during the respective FIS Technical Committee meetings.
They will also have a final opportunity to present to the FIS Council on May 15.
Representatives from the candidate cities for the 2022 and 2023 World Championships, excluding Bakuriani, were given more information about the process for awarding the events by the FIS during an inspection of Costa Navarino.
The visit to the Greek resort included a tour of the facilities to finalise the setting up of the World Championship Candidate Exhibition, located close to the Congress centre.
Vikersund in Norway is the sole candidate for 2022 FIS Ski Flying World Ski Championships ©Getty Images
Approximately 1,000 delegates representing more than 80 FIS Member National Associations (MNAs) are scheduled to participate in the 51st International Ski Congress from May 13 to 19.
As part of the Congress week, the FIS Council, as well as the various FIS Technical Committees, Sub-Committees and Working Groups, will meet from May 13 to 16.
Representing the highest decision-making authority within FIS, the Congress itself is due to take place on May 18.
It will review the business reports of the Council, the accounts and reports of the auditors, approve the budget for the 2018-2019 financial period, elect the FIS President and 16 FIS Council members, as well as decide on the proposals submitted by the MNAs and the Council.
Gian Franco Kasper is set to secure a sixth term as FIS President after the worldwide governing body confirmed they will stand unopposed.
The veteran Swiss official, first elected to the role in 1998, notified the FIS Council of their intention to run for re-election at their Autumn meeting in Oberhofen in November.
A total of 18 candidates are running for election to the FIS Council.
Snowboarder Konstantin Schad of Germany has been proposed as the Athletes' Commission representative on the Council.
The items on the programme of the FIS Council in the days prior to the Congress primarily focus on the Congress agenda and reviewing the various proposals to submit to the delegates.
Additionally, other key topics will include final approval of the FIS World Cup calendars for the 2018-2019 season, as well as receiving proposals submitted by the Technical Committees following their meetings.
These will include the FIS snow safe policy, safeguarding athletes and participants from harassment and abuse.
Amazon Effect, Meatball Edition To create a Super Bowl snack, we bought the same ingredients at a new Whole Foods 365 store and a Walmart. The prices were different. So were the outcomes. Image
Amazon and Walmart are battling to dominate the grocery market, fueling a price war that could rearrange where America shops for food.
To get a firsthand glimpse of this competition, we have periodically been testing Amazon's effect on grocery prices since the online retailer bought Whole Foods last summer.
Heading into Super Bowl weekend, we thought we would compare the price of ingredients for Steak 'n' Bacon Cheddar meatballs.
So we shopped for the same items (or as close as we could find) at a Whole Foods and a Walmart. Our experiment was inspired by the opening of the Whole Foods 365 brand store in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn on Wednesday — the first 365 store on the East Coast. Whole Foods promotes the stores as a less costly option for shoppers.
Image The meatball ingredients from the new Whole Foods 365 store in Brooklyn. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Image The ingredients from the Walmart Supercenter in Secaucus, N.J. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Our plan was to bake one batch of the cheesy, three-meat delicacy using only ingredients from a Walmart and a second batch with only items from the Whole Foods 365. Then we would ask our newsroom colleagues which version of the meatball — described by the chef who created it as “the heart stopper” — tasted better.
While the 365 line of stores was launched before Amazon's acquisition, the vibe of the new Brooklyn store seems in keeping with Amazon's consumer-first approach. The store is easy to navigate and pushes its private-label, and less expensive, 365 brand products.
Wherever possible, we bought 365 brand items, including steak, hamburger, salt, pepper and olive oil. Many of the items were organic, and the eggs came from cage-free chickens. That helped drive up the prices.
Image In the skillet: the $8.41 steak from the Whole Foods 365. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Image Cooked and cut: the $6.56 steak from Walmart. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
The grand total: $45.17
Next, we went to the Walmart Supercenter in Secaucus, N.J., and bought almost entirely from Walmart's Great Value brand, which offers few organic options.
That bill came to $27.18
One ingredient that drove that difference: Whole Foods' organic shredded Cheddar cost nearly three times as much as the Walmart brand, which was not organic. The price of a dozen eggs at the two stores was comparable.
Image The Cheddar from Walmart cost $2.20, about one-third of the price of the organic 365 brand cheese. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
For the highly unscientific taste test, we served the meatballs in the New York Times newsroom on Friday afternoon. The taste testers were not told whether they had chosen a Whole Foods or a Walmart meatball until after they voted.
Some said the Whole Foods batch had too much bacon flavor. Others found the steak bits in the Walmart meatballs too chewy. When the votes were tallied, the Whole Foods meatball prevailed.
But by the end of the day, the distinctions seemed to fade. Every meatball had been eaten.
Image The meatballs made from Whole Foods ingredients, ready for the oven. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Image The finished Walmart meatballs, ready for delivery to the newsroom. Credit Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Michael Corkery is a business reporter who covers the retail industry and its impact on consumers, workers and the economy. They joined The Times in 2014 and was previously a reporter at the Wall Street Journal and the Providence Journal. @mcorkery5 Zach Wichter contributed reporting. Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B 2 of the New York edition with the headline: Testing Amazon Effect With a Super Bowl Snack: Cheesy Meatballs
The All-New DealBook Our columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin and their Times colleagues help you make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
David Letterman paid tribute to their late mother, Dorothy Mengering, at their funeral in Indianapolis, Indiana, on Saturday.
According to the Indianapolis Star, the comedian delivered a moving eulogy to Mengering, who died at home on April 11 -- one day before Letterman's 70th birthday. They were 95.
WATCH: David Letterman's Mother and 'Late Show' Regular Dorothy Mengering Dies
"We didn't want for anything because of my mom," Letterman said, noting that their work ethic came from their mom, who was always busy in the garden or on their hands and knees waxing floors.
The former late night TV host also recounted the time they watched their mom fetch a hoe and chop the head off of a snake they encountered in their garden.
"My mother is Grizzly Adams for God's sake," they joked.
Mengering was also loved by many of their son's viewers, thanks to their role as a correspondent on their show. In addition to baking desserts for the show's "Guess Mom's Pies" segment, they also covered three Winter Olympics.
Letterman recalled how Late Show executives told him, "We should have your mother on the show all the time."
"'No, we're serious,'" they added when they laughed it off. "'People like them better than you.'"
WATCH: David Letterman Talks Late-Night Television Today
Mengering also published a cookbook, Home Cookin' With Dave's Mom, in 2006.
See more on the sad loss below.
Related Articles
Springtime Brings Redfish!
It's springtime, and the fishing's going to get even better the closer we get to summer. March is known for its relatively pleasant weather, and redfish. There are many estuaries to choose from in Tampa Bay that are holding good numbers of reds willing to eat anything in front of them.
St. Pete is one of the many hot spots for catching big redfish. The redfish being caught are averaging anywhere from 25 – 30 inches, and many fish 30 – 38 inches are being brought to the boat. With the month of March having an epic start, I estimate that the redfish bite will carry over into April.
Target areas for catching these fish are mangrove lines and grass flats adjacent to any good span of mangroves or light structure. The most productive method has been fishing the mangrove lines during higher tides, and grass flats on lower tides. Finding moving water is key as well, still water will hold fish, however I find that many fish looking to eat are in areas of moving tides.
When it comes to fishing for reds you must remain stealthy in your approach and pay close attention to the activity on the water's surface. I make a good habit of noting any disturbance on top of the water.
I wear a pair of Saltlife polarized sunglasses to reduce glare and spot fish. Wearing polarized sunglasses can also help locate potholes that may hold fish as well as swash channels, small lines made on the bottom from current flow. Fish often use these swash channels as a pathway to venture on the length of a shallow flat.
Choice baits for redfish this month are scaled sardines and palm sized pinfish. I present these baits free-lined with a 2/0-3/0 hook on 25-30 pound fluorocarbon leader. When determining where to soak your baits, anchor your boat up in any of the areas mentioned before depending on tide and where the most water is moving. Remember to be patient; you may have to wait for the bite to start picking up, however when it does, the wait is well worth the effort.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane believes their side ‘will find themselves' after their elimination in the MTN8 on Sunday.
The Brazilians fell to a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Maritzburg United in their quarter-final clash at the Lucas Moripe Stadium through a 58th minute goal by Evans Rusike.
The 53-year-old coach admits that their side were not at their best, but they are confident that the Brazilians will find their feet.
‘We have not found ourselves, [but] we will find ourselves,' Mosimane told SuperSportTV after the game.
‘It's unfortunate that the first game of the programme is the MTN8 and you know, in South Africa we get emotional with the cups, but it's ok, we can't win all the cups, so we'll continue.'
Mosimane says they were pleased with new signings Oupa Manyisa and Lebese's performance on their debut for the club.
‘We have to give them [the new signings] a run. You can see they fit in well, they know how to play, we signed the players that suit the way we play and they'll get there, it's okay, it's a long way,' they added.
Mamelodi Sundowns will be hoping to bounce back when they take on SuperSport United when they two sides meet in the Absa Premiership on Saturday.
The match at the Lucas Moripe Stadium kicks off at 15:00.
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Avalara, Inc., a leading provider of cloud-based tax compliance automation for businesses of all sizes, today announced that tech industry veteran Danny Fields has joined the company as EVP Engineering and Chief Technology Officer. Their responsibilities include shaping and leading the delivery and execution of Avalara's technology vision, and overseeing the company's global engineering teams.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005484/en/
Danny Fields, Avalara's new EVP Engineering and CTO (Photo: Business Wire)
Mr. Fields brings 28 years of engineering and executive management experience to Avalara. They have led teams in locations throughout the world, building complex enterprise cloud and on-premise solutions. They come to Avalara from MobileIron, a global leader in mobile device management and enterprise mobility services, where they served as SVP of Engineering and Chief Software Development Officer.
Prior to MobileIron, Fields worked at Oracle where they were a Group Vice President responsible for building the Oracle Service Cloud, which powers thousands of customer service centers around the world and is used by hundreds of thousands of support agents. They joined Oracle as part of its $1.8B acquisition of RightNow Technologies. Fields was Vice President of Engineering, building the RightNow Service Cloud.
“Danny brings a highly sought-after combination of time-tested engineering skills and leadership to Avalara,” said Scott McFarlane. “Our customers require reliability and efficiency in our products. They expect us to deliver innovation within our products to keep pace with the accelerating complexity of tax. Danny will lead our distributed technology teams to achieve and exceed our promises for customers.”
About Avalara
Avalara helps businesses of all sizes achieve compliance with transaction taxes, including sales and use, VAT, excise, communications, and other tax types. The company delivers comprehensive, automated, cloud-based solutions designed to be fast, accurate, and easy to use. The Avalara Compliance Cloud® platform helps customers manage complicated and burdensome tax compliance obligations imposed by state, local, and other taxing authorities throughout the world.
Avalara offers more than 600 pre-built integrations into leading accounting, ERP, ecommerce and other business applications, making the integration of tax and compliance solutions easy for customers. Each year, the company processes billions of indirect tax transactions for customers and users, files more than a million tax returns, and manages millions of tax exemption certificates and other compliance documents.
A privately held company, Avalara's venture capital investors include Sageview Capital, Battery Ventures, Warburg Pincus, Technology Crossover Ventures, Arthur Ventures, and other institutional and individual investors. Headquartered in Seattle, Avalara has offices across the U.S. and overseas in the U.K., Belgium, Brazil, and India. More information at www.avalara.com
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005484/en/
CONTACT: Hotwire for Avalara
Christine Penwell, 415-820-4160
avalaraUS@hotwireglobal.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FINANCE
SOURCE: Avalara, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 11:00 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 11:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005484/en
This year's Scripps National Spelling Bee drew the largest number of competitors in its history, 516. But the field is far smaller, as only 41 spellers advance to the finals Thursday.
The finalists were announced Wednesday after two days of onstage spelling during which nearly 200 spellers were eliminated for getting words wrong. Scores on a written spelling and vocabulary test determined who advanced to the finals.
“There were no perfect scores on the test,” spelling bee Executive Director Paige Kimble says, “We thought it was an easy test. We were wrong.”
“They made it hard on purpose” said Jacob Williamson, a former competitor who is coaching five spellers this year.
But that didn't seem to shake the confidence of those who have traversed the road before.
“It was fine, actually. I didn't expect it to be fine,” said Erin Howard, 13, of Huntsville, Alabama. “I think at worst I missed five.”
According to Scripps, 113 of the spellers this year had previous national finals experience and 45 have relatives who are former competitors, including Atman Balakrishnan, from Chicago, whose father Balu Natrajan was the winner in 1985, and the first Indian-American to take the title.
The top scorers this year are Shruthika Padhy, Aisha Randhawa and Karthik Nemmani.
Shruthika came into the bee as one of the favorites, having finished in seventh place last year.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Disasters and Accidents
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
After another week of guest hosts due to their infant son undergoing a second heart surgery, Jimmy Kimmel returned to their show full of emotions. They also returned with another health care mission aimed at members of Congress. While fighting back tears, Kimmel shares the good news about their son and the bad news about CHIP.
Kimmel points out how the Children's Health Insurance Program has always been a bipartisan idea with support until this year. It became a bargaining chip as Kimmel puts it, taking a backseat thanks to the controversial tax plan the Senate passed. Orrin Hatch, the co-creator of CHIP alongside Ted Kennedy, faced criticism for an out of context quote on CHIP and assertion that “we don't have any money anymore” to fund it. This came right before the tax bill that will add $1.7 trillion to the deficit passed, raising a few eyebrows.
As NBC adds, “CHIP pays for health care for more than 9 million kids across the country” and still hasn't found secure funding for 2018 in Congress. Proposed funding takes CHIP from $16 billion to $12 billion and stop-gap funding through December 22nd doesn't help states running out of money.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov met with their North Korean counterpart Ri Yong Ho on Thursday in Pyongyang, a trip seen as an attempt by Moscow to make its voice heard in its neighbor state's new push for diplomacy.
Lavrov's visit comes ahead of a planned summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who has also made recent diplomatic overtures to Seoul and Beijing.
After their arrival, Lavrov met with Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho and others at an assembly hall in the capital.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement earlier they would discuss bilateral issues as well as the overall situation on the Korean Peninsula. Details of Lavrov's schedule in Pyongyang were not disclosed.
Despite having a border with the North and relatively cordial relations that President Vladimir Putin has seemed to want to develop further, Russia has so far remained largely on the sidelines as Kim has emerged onto the world stage this year.
Kim has already met twice with China's President Xi Jinping and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. One of Kim's top lieutenants, former intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, is now in New York to discuss with U.S. officials the agenda for the summit planned in Singapore on or around June 12.
Gardenhire, 59, will travel back to Minnesota shortly before mid-April surgery, but the cancer was caught early and the prognosis is good for a full recovery.
Gardenhire told the Arizona Republic that they expect to return roughly six weeks after surgery but added on a conference call with reporters that they still must undergo additional tests to make sure the cancer hasn't spread.
“I don't think anybody can say 100 percent of anything when you're dealing with cancer,” Gardenhire said. “In talking with the doctors, they're being pretty optimistic. I feel pretty confident, and they do too, that we're going to go in there and take this thing out.”
The second-winningest manager in Twins history, Gardenhire spent last season as a special assistant under former Twins general manager Terry Ryan, themselves treated for cancer in 2014. Gardenhire managed the Twins to six division titles in their 13-year run from 2002-14.
Even after getting fired after the 2014 season, Gardenhire continued to undergo annual physicals with Twins internist Dr. Vijay Eyunni. It was during a recent exam that Eyunni noticed Gardenhire's elevated PSA levels and ordered more tests, which came back positive for prostate cancer.
“Not only is Dr. Vijay my doctor, he's a very good friend,” Gardenhire said. “He wouldn't let me go without getting a physical. If I didn't show up when the rest of the guys do in January every year, they call us and says, ‘Get in here.' I tip my hat to them because he's done that for a lot of people, not just me.”
Toby Gardenhire, the manager's son, was recently hired to a full-time coaching role with the Gulf Coast League Twins after serving in a part-time capacity last season. The younger Gardenhire spent the past five seasons as head baseball coach at Wisconsin-Stout.
“That's bad news,” Twins closer Glen Perkins said of Ron Gardenhire's cancer diagnosis. “I've known them for a long time. I guess you just pray for them and hope that they catch it early and they'll be able to get them fixed up. He's got a good sense of humor. He's got a great attitude about everything. Hopefully, he'll continue that.”
Perkins lost a grandfather to bone cancer that started out as prostate cancer. They were close with former Gophers pitching coach Todd Oakes, who died last spring after a long battle with leukemia, and was part of a contingent of Twins employees that recently visited former Twins bullpen coach Rick Stelmaszek, who is 68 and battling pancreatitis.
“It's not fun watching people go through cancer,” Perkins said. “I've had too much experience with that lately. Cancer sucks.”
Gardenhire said many friends have reached out to them since their diagnosis was revealed, including Diamondbacks team owner Ken Kendrick and team president Derrick Hall, both of whom overcame prostate cancer.
“There's a lot of people reaching out to me that have been through it, including some good close friends of mine there in the Twin Cities,” Gardenhire said. “Like a lot of people in this country and all over, I'm joining a fight personally against this thing — cancer. We're going to attack it. (Wife) Carol and I and my kids, we understand it and we're going to go through it and we're going to keep our heads high and push on.”
The St. Paul Pioneer Press is a media partner with Forum News Service
02:44 Reported News Briefs Av 23, 5777 , 15/08/17 Av 23, 5777 , 15/08/17 UN: No room for anti-Semitism and xenophobia The United Nations on Monday condemned violent clashes between white nationalists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia. "We're against all racism and bigotry. We believe that there must be no place in our societies for the violent racism, anti-Semitism, xenophobia and discrimination that we've seen in Charlottesville, Virginia that we've seen in recent days," said UN spokesperson Farhan Haq. ► ◄ Last Briefs
It might be hard to believe, but Texas's voting maps, those lines that decide where your representative district is and what seat you're voting for, have been in flux for the past six years.
As heard on Texas Public Radio
Large swaths of the state from Dallas to San Antonio out towards El Paso have had their congressional and state House districts disputed since 2011. That's when the state's Republican-led legislature re-drew the maps. The Texas Constitution requires the state legislature re-draw these districts after each census, to make sure these geographic boundaries contain the same amount of people.
Minority advocacy groups did not like those 2011 maps, and said they were deliberately designed to negatively affect African American and Latino voters. Cue lawsuits, court battles, and then just last month a panel of federal judges ruled three Texas congressional districts were illegal.
So after all these years, it's not surprising many Texans feel like Lelena Fisher, a graphic designer from Austin. Here's what they told us:
“I've been wondering about the status of Texas' redistricting? With all the drawn and redrawn maps, the court cases and all the time that has passed, it's easy to lose track of this fundamental important issue, Fisher says.
To understand where we're headed, let's look at where we've been. Minority advocacy groups sued the state in response to the maps the Texas legislature approved in 2011.
But the 2012 election was just around the corner, so a federal court implemented its own interim maps. The legislature liked those maps, and officially adopted them during the 2013 legislative session.
Problem solved, right? No. People like former state-Rep. Trey Martinez Fisher says those maps still intentionally diluted what had been traditional concentrations of Latino and African American voters.
“In this instance they said ‘well lets draw some districts that look like minority opportunity districts but they'll never have the opportunity because we can tell from election data that it will never elect a candidate of its choice,” Fisher says.
Cue another lawsuit. Martinez Fisher sits on the board of the Mexican American Legislative Caucus and led that 2013 lawsuit against the state. Republican lawmakers disputed the lawsuit's claims. They said the maps the court had drawn were sufficient and should stand.
Since then the issue has kind of been in limbo. When Texans voted for their statehouse and congressional reps in 2014, they used those maps. The case just sitting in federal court until this past March, that's when three-judge panel from San Antonio decided Texas congressional redistricting efforts were intentionally drawn to discriminate against minority voters.
According to Rafael Anchia, a Dallas Democrat who leads the Mexican American Legislative Caucus, It happened in a few ways.
“Whether they adopted in some areas of the state a packing technique that packed minorities into districts to dilute their voting strength or they cracked them in a way that you would a wagon wheel, where you take a concentrated community and break it up into multiple districts,” Anchia explains.
Anchia, Fisher and the rest of MALC are still in court, scrambling to neutralize the maps before voters go to the polls in 2018. So what happens now? After last month's decision by the federal court in San Antonio, they called the state and plaintiff groups to court on April 27th. They'll try to figure out if there's a quick way the court could remedy the situation.
If not, they could order the legislature to handle it. But Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, who presides over the Senate, has said they don't see the need for the legislature to get involved until after the release of the next US census in 2020.
“We will be back in session very shortly, in two years and that will be the session that begins to prepare us for the 2021 maps, so I don't see any move to do that this session,” Patrick says.
House lawmakers agree with him. They voted against dealing with redistricting this year. That's why Nina Perales, the lead attorney in the current lawsuit, says what happens next will come from the federal court system, not the state Legislature and they're running out of time.
“Candidate filing opens in November of 2017, we have to have lines draw in time for the start of candidate this fall. And so there's a lot of time pressure on the court right now to make some decisions before the election schedule overtakes us,” Perales explains.
Otherwise Perales says the federal district court in San Antonio will have to delay the start of the 2018 election. As for the disputed 2013 House maps, the court is expected to release its opinion on them by end of this month or in early May.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Photo
SUNDAY PUZZLE — For much of my life I considered the Sunday puzzle a multiday conquest, carrying the magazine around with me and dipping in and out whenever I felt inspired or got stuck on the train. The app came out and I gradually adopted its use for the rest of the week, but Sundays felt unwieldy, and I kept my paper habit. This year I've resolved to do the streak — really do it, every day in 2018, no flaking — so I'm working these on the phone from now on.
This is really just to say that I'm an old hand at this game, but I frankly find it uplifting that on most Sundays, today included, I get the charge of discovering another clever verbal gymnastics routine that I never would have thought of myself. Today David Levinson Wilk has crafted a puzzle with a tightly defined theme, and a subtle secondary trick that requires one to recognize a homonym in the title and also do some letter deconstruction in the grid to completely get it.
Today's Themes
We have a double whammy today, and the puzzle's title, “Cracking Wise,” quite brilliantly alludes to both. For starters, you probably deduced the appearance of a humorous element, which is always nice, in my opinion — even when the jokes are corny, are any of us doing the puzzle in search of tragic material? So it's no surprise that seven across clues, at 23, 31, 50, 67, 86, 100 and 115, all have to do with the art of comedy, the knocking of the funny bone, the ol' ha ha ha, the wisecrack.
If you're so brilliant that you race through this puzzle using only the across entries, and fill in every theme answer without needing a single clue from the vertical crosses, then that's it for your theme, you poor brainiac (I am seriously doubting there being many of you in this boat). It turns out that there's a bonus trick in the title and the downs, one that you probably didn't see until you encountered one of the latter.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As an example, let's take 23A, “Stop! You're killing me!”, which was the first theme answer I figured out, although it wasn't before I'd passed through the whole grid, popping entries in here and there. I needed several crosses to get to the answer — THATS HYSTERICAL — and got a bit stymied by 24D, “Poison ivy, e.g.,” when I'd narrowed it down to the nonsensical “yne.” This is the time when that title's double meaning made itself apparent. We aren't just wisecracking, here, we're “cracking wise” — or cracking Ys. For what is a Y, really, except a letter I with a V on its head? Crack it apart, and you get VINE at 24D — perfect.
Steve Stephens, who Cleveland Division of Police said was being sought in connection with the killing of an individual, is seen in an undated handout photo released April 16, 2017. Cleveland Police/Handout via REUTERS
By Peter Szekely
REUTERS - The manhunt for a murder suspect who police said posted a video of themselves on Facebook shooting an elderly man in Cleveland widened Monday as authorities asked the public for help and pleaded with the suspect to turn themselves in.
Police said they have searched "dozens of locations" for the suspect, Steve Stephens, and tried to convince them to turn themselves in when they spoke with them on their cell phone on Sunday after the shooting. But Stephens remains at large as the hunt for them expands in Ohio and neighboring states, they said.
"Obviously, this individual is armed and dangerous, and quite frankly at this point they could be in a lot of places," Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent in Charge Stephen Anthony told a news conference in Cleveland.
Police said Stephens used Facebook to post video of them killing 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. Stephens is not believed to have known Godwin, a retired foundry worker who media reports said spent Easter Sunday morning with their son and daughter-in-law before they were killed.
Godwin was the father of nine children and grandfather of 14, their son, Robert Godwin Jr. told the Cleveland Plain Dealer. Godwin Jr. could not immediately be reached by Reuters to comment.
"I haven't watched the video. I haven't even looked at my cellphone or the news," Godwin Jr. told the newspaper. "I don't really want to see it."
Stephens, who has no prior criminal record, is not suspected in any other murders, despite a claim they made in the video of having killed more than a dozen other people, police said.
"We're asking the public to remain vigilant," Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams said. "We're asking you to go about your day, but be careful."
The last confirmed sighting of Stephens was at the scene of the homicide. Police said they might be driving a white or cream-colored Ford Fusion, and asked anyone who spots them or their car to call police or a special FBI hotline (800-CALLFBI).
"We're still asking Steve to turn themselves in," said Williams. "But if they don't, we'll find him."
Stephens had worked since 2008 as a vocational specialist and youth mentor at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency located in a Cleveland suburb.
The offices of Beech Brook were closed on Monday, the group said in a statement, adding it was "horrified" by the shooting.
Late Sunday night Cleveland police issued an aggravated murder warrant for Stephens and warned they could have crossed into Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana or Michigan.
(Reporting by Peter Szekely in New York and Timothy McLaughlin in Chicago.; Editing by Daniel Wallis, Bernard Orr)
A little girl raised more than $700 for Our Lady of the Lake Children's Hospital's Amazing Kids program.
RELATED: About Our Lady of the Lake
OLOL shared a picture of Evie at their “LemonAID” stand as well as a photo of them donating a check of $725 to the hospital.
According to the hospital, Evie requested that their proceeds go toward the hospital's Amazing Kids program.
RELATED: OLOL announces summer events for kids to learn about good health
The new freestanding Our Lady of the Lake Children's Hospital is currently under construction and set to open in 2019.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Ice Hockey Australia (IHA) have confirmed they will take on the host nation in a three-game series at the New Zealand Winter Games in Queenstown.
The governing body for the sport in Australia announced their men's team will play the hosts in what has been dubbed the "Trans Tasman Challenge".
The first match-up between the two sides is scheduled to take place on September 7, with the second match due to be held the following day.
The series will then conclude with the last game on September 9.
Ice hockey is one of seven sports on the programme at the New Zealand Winter Games, which run from August 25 to September 10.
Events in Alpine skiing, cross-country skiing, freeskiing, snowboarding, curling and freeride will also be held.
Australian coach Brad Vigon said the clashes with New Zealand would be ideal preparation for the 2018 World Championships.
The three-game series has been called the Trans Tasman Challenge ©IHA
"We are so excited to be a part of this series, as we know this greatly benefits both countries and adds more history to this fierce rivalry," said Vigon.
"It gives us coaching staff a chance to have a good look at some of the young and new players that are competing hard for spots on next year's World Championship team.
"IHA is thrilled to be a part of this, and we believe the timing is perfect as both nations prepare for their 2018 assault on the World Championships.
"We know these Games will be competitive, but also trust they will be played with great respect for each other.
"The Mighty Roos versus the Ice Blacks promises to be a great ice hockey showcase, and it will be game on come September in Queenstown."
Delta is the latest airline to experience a snafu involving the transport of a pet.
In a post on Delta's Facebook page, customer Josh Schlaich wrote about their experience with the airline after their new puppy was not delivered to them Saturday night.
“Hey Delta, was supposed to receive my 8-week old pup this evening,” Schlaich wrote on the company's Facebook page. They went on to say that they received a call from “an inconsiderate and uninformed person” from Detroit's airport saying that the new puppy was going to an unknown location due to a delayed flight.
The puppy was supposed to be flown to Boise, Idaho.
Schlaich said they tried multiple phone numbers to try to connect with someone to find the new addition to their family, but said a rep yelled at them and hung up.
Delta replied to their Facebook post multiple times, apologizing for the incident and giving them a number to call to speak with a supervisor.
In a statement to ABC News, Delta admitted the puppy was sent to another place. “We know pets are important members of the family and apologize for the delayed shipment of a dog, which is now in the hands of its owner, after it was routed to the wrong destination.”
Delta said it reimbursed Schlaich for all the shipping costs associated with the puppy getting delivered to Boise. The airline also launched a review of the procedures to see what caused the puppy to end up in another location, the statement added.
Schlaich updated their Facebook post to Delta, saying the dog was delivered safely and thanking the Delta team in Boise for their helpfulness.
ABC News has reached out to Schlaich for comment but did not immediately hear back.
St. John's was playing the second of three straight games against top-six opponents in a span of nine days. Next up, a visit to No. 1 Villanova on Wednesday night.
“We are happy but we can't stop here,” Ponds, a sophomore guard, said. “We have to keep pushing. This is big to get a win on the board. We can start fresh.”
Gary Trent Jr. had 22 points for the Blue Devils (19-4), who perhaps got caught looking ahead to their first matchup of the season with their bitter rival North Carolina on Thursday night.
Krzyzewski didn't think so.
“Ponds was really as good a guard offensively as we've played against,” Krzyzewski said. “We came in prepared.”
Photo
The first-year student sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 for Duke but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls. Wendell Carter Jr. added 14 points and 15 rebounds.
Outhustled all afternoon, Duke was coming off an easy win on Monday over Notre Dame that followed a 65-63 loss at home to No. 2 Virginia last weekend.
“I thought they made us look bad, but we made ourselves look bad,” Krzyzewski said. “We did not play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program. And we had blank faces, we didn't talk, we were like five individuals out there and it was disgusting, really. I do not know why. I can tell you that's not the group I've coached all year, and they were a very frustrating group to coach today because they didn't respond to anything until the last eight minutes, and that's unacceptable.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Winless in 11 Big East games this season, the Red Storm improved to 11-2 in nonconference play. They led by 11 with six and a half minutes left before Duke stormed back and took a 73-72 advantage on Trent's two free throws with 1 minute 35 seconds to play, its first lead since early in the second half.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That brought fans of both teams to their feet for an exciting finish.
Ponds, who also grabbed seven rebounds in their second consecutive 30-point game, put St. John's back in front with a driving layup and then drained a 3-pointer from the corner to make it 77-73 with 40 seconds left.
“We stayed composed,” they said.
Grayson Allen's only 3-pointer, seconds later, trimmed the margin to one, but Owens hit two free throws with 32.2 seconds to go.
Bagley made one of two free throws with 20.4 seconds left and Ponds did the same to make it 80-77 with 17.5 seconds to go. Allen missed a 3 at the other end and Owens grabbed the rebound before sinking one of two free throws with 2.7 seconds remaining to seal it as Ponds waved their arms, spurring on the crowd of 19,812.
“The Garden was rockin', no question,” said Mullin, who was recruited by Krzyzewski out of high school in 1980-81. “Duke has that brand. They bring 'em in.”
It was the first meeting between the teams since Krzyzewski recorded their 1,000th career win with a 77-68 victory at Madison Square Garden on Jan. 25, 2015.
NOTES
Duke fell to 34-19 at the Garden, including 29-11 under Coach Mike Krzyzewski. … The Blue Devils will be back in New York next month for the Atlantic Coast Conference tournament at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. … The matchup between two of the top programs in Division I history was played in tribute to Howard Garfinkel, who ran Five-Star basketball camp from 1966 to 2008, attracting many of the game's best players before they blossomed in college. The logo at center court read, “The Garf.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — Days after President Donald Trump deemed Jeff Sessions "beleaguered" and threatened to fire them last July, members of the president's inner circle made a desperate case to save the attorney general's job.
The White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and the president's chief strategist, Steve Bannon, pleaded with Trump during a heated Oval Office meeting to keep Sessions, warning that their dismissal would only pour gasoline on the Russia investigation. And, they said, it could alienate those in Trump's conservative base, supporters enamored with the attorney general's tough stances on law enforcement and immigration.
Priebus and Bannon both lost their jobs within the month. But Sessions survived, their reprieve delivered by John Kelly as one of their first acts as chief of staff.
Ten months later, the Republican campaign to save Sessions has continued and — at least for now — succeeded. In private meetings, public appearances on television and late-night phone calls, Trump's advisers and allies have done all they can to persuade the president not to fire a Cabinet official they dismiss as disloyal. The effort is one of the few effective Republican attempts to install guardrails around a president who delights in defying advice and breaking the rules.
It's an ongoing effort, though not everyone is convinced the relationship is sustainable for the long term.
As recently as this month, Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani said the president had raised the issue again, wondering aloud if he'd made a mistake in not firing Sessions. And both Giuliani and influential Republican lawmakers have hinted that, once special counsel Robert Mueller's probe wraps up, Sessions could be in danger again.
"There's no doubt he's complained about him, there's no doubt they have some grievances. I don't know they've aired them out yet. He's not going to fire them before this is over," Giuliani told reporters Wednesday. "Nor do I think they should."
Trump showed Wednesday the campaign to save Sessions hasn't tempered their anger at the attorney general's decision to recuse themselves from the Russia probe, an act the president believed birthed the Mueller investigation, which is imperiling their presidency. In a tweet, Trump again declared they regretted appointing the former Alabama senator to the job in a familiar, but no less stunning, public rebuke of a sitting Cabinet official.
Despite the withering complaints, Trump appears to comprehend the potential consequences of firing Session and seems resigned to the idea that he's stuck with them for the time being, according to nearly a dozen people close to the decision, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations
The case that Sessions' protectors have outlined to Trump time and again largely consists of three components: Firing Sessions, a witness in Mueller's investigation of obstruction of justice, would add legal peril to their standing in the Russia probe; doing so would anger the president's political base, which Trump cares deeply about, especially with midterm election looming this fall; and a number of Republican senators would rebel against the treatment of a longtime colleague who was following Justice Department guidelines in their recusal.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, has said that they will not schedule a confirmation hearing for another attorney general nominee if Sessions is fired.
Giuliani told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Trump has asked them multiple times, before and after the former New York mayor joined the president's legal team last month, about whether Sessions should have been fired.
Giuliani said Trump consulted them last summer during the height of their rage about Sessions' recusal. More recently, they said, Trump has not actively considered firing Sessions, but has wondered if they made the right decision in not doing so previously.
"And when they ask, 'Should I have done that?' I say, 'No, the way it is now having worked out,'" Giuliani said, adding that they did not believe Trump would fire Sessions. Later, speaking to reporters at the White House, they compared the president's temper to that of the late George Steinbrenner, the mercurial owner of the New York Yankees.
Influential conservatives have also heard Trump lash out about Sessions and, though some have sympathy for the concerns, have repeatedly talked them out of doing anything drastic, said one person in touch with both men who insisted on anonymity to discuss private conversations. The person recalled a venting session after a meeting at the White House last fall, when the president aired their frustrations with the attorney general about their recusal. The person expressed sympathy but argued against firing Sessions, in part because of their success in carrying out the president's agenda.
Trump's complaints about Sessions have at times won sympathy from some friends who believe Sessions' recusal was too broad and ill-timed and undercut the positive attention from a State of the Union address the president had recently delivered.
While the recusal remains Sessions' original sin in Trump's eyes, the president has also fumed that they see Sessions as failing to get a handle on immigration and not placing enough emphasis on combating transnational criminal organizations.
After being berated by Trump over the recusal decision last spring, Sessions offered their resignation, but the overture was rejected.  They are widely viewed as determined to stay in the job because they believe in the president's agenda, which largely mirrors their own interests, and is reluctant to leave a job for which they gave up a safe Senate seat. Hours after the president's attack on Wednesday, Sessions visited the White House for a routine litigation issue, a Justice Department official said.
There may be a limit to how long the campaign to save Sessions can hold on. Giuliani on Wednesday only offered assurances Trump would not fire Sessions during the Mueller investigation, due to the "distraction" it would cause.
And a number of Republican senators who have supported Sessions have indicated in recent days that they are warming to Trump's complaints.
Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, who in March said firing Sessions would "blow up" the Senate Judiciary Committee, struck a different tone Wednesday, noting that Cabinet positions are "not lifetime appointments." Looking ahead to fall elections, they have reinforced to Trump that the best approach now "is to keep focused on good governance in the midterms."
At some point, Graham said, Sessions will "have to make a decision" that if "you don't have the confidence" of the president, "that will affect your ability to be effective."
___
Associated Press writers Chad Day and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
You don't have to be lost when it comes to fashion. Maybe you need a guiding hand, and there are plenty of resources available. Once you start to gain some solid information regarding fashion, you will be well on your way to expressing your individual interests when it comes to fashion in today's society.
A belt can entirely change your look. You can choose the appropriate color to complement your look and style. Add a bright fluorescent belt to a pair of skinny jeans for a simple way to take advantage of a trend, or finish off a sophisticated look with a black patent belt.
If you have thick or very curly hair, using a gel product will help you to create the style you desire. Work the product into towel-dried hair and then style it as you want. You can allow it to dry naturally, or use a hair drier. This is especially helpful in humid weather.
You should always keep an eye out for new style changes. Styles change, and to stay connected, read various fashion magazines every so often. They are likely going to showcase the new trends first.
Clumps of makeup are not an attractive look for female. In fact, recent polls taken by men find that the fewer makeups, the better. This does not mean that you have to avoid makeup altogether; try to use warm tones and put on just one layer of mascara and eyeliner.
Read fashion magazines at least once a month. If you want to stay up to date on what is hot and what is not you need to do your research. Fashion magazines will keep you informed through each season and as trends develop. If you feel that you ate still missing out there are television shows dedicated to fashion as well.
Pick top or bottom to accentuate sexily, but never both. The line between looking sexy and looking trashy can be very thin; however, this rule of thumb should suffice. When you accentuate your upper or lower body, keep the other half stylish, yet conservative. Bear in mind, this rule applies to men or women.
Don't fall for a fashion trend if it doesn't fit your frame well. Everyone may be wearing the newest fashion fad, and you'll be tempted to follow suit. But if the newest style is not complementary to your physical frame, you will only be doing yourself a fashion disservice.
Sunglasses are a great accessory to add to your outfit in the summertime. But, the kind of sunglasses you make can really make or break your look. If you have a round or large face, larger sunglasses are the way to go. On the other hand, if you have a small face, go with smaller sunglasses.
To push your style, try layering a fun skirt over a dress. There are many dresses out there that would make excellent tops. Just throw a skirt over the dress itself. The skirt should be made of thicker fabric, so you don't have unseemly bunching. You could even have the dress peek out a bit below the skirt for a fun, unorthodox look.
The most flattering clothes are ones that fit properly. Clothes that are too tight will put the spotlight on your body's flaws and clothes that are too loose will add the appearance of extra pounds. No matter what the style, color or material, clothes that are the right size will help you look great.
Quilted fabrics are the new trend for this autumn and winter. You can get the quilted look in skirts, blouses, blazers and jackets--or in all your clothing. Don't choose items which are extremely loose or they will make you look chubby.
Invest in the basics. Every wardrobe should have a few key pieces. The little black dress is a classic for good reason. A well-fitted white blouse is versatile and flattering. A tailored suit is perfect for serious business. These items are ones you shouldn't be afraid to spend a little extra on, as they are timeless classics that last beyond the changing fashion trends.
Patterns are making a big comeback in the fashion world. This is especially true with floral patterns. Be bold and trendy by wearing a dress, slacks or blouse with these latest floral designs. Choose some accessories with patterns too, such as shoes, scarves or handbags.
Staying warm and fashionable in the wintertime is difficult, but possible. You just need to find a fine balance between the two. For instance, you could wear long, sleekly-fitted coats with a pair of high-heeled boots. If you decide to go with the look, be sure the fabric touches your calf.
If you are going to a evening formal event, then a black suit is a wonderful choice. However, an event in the afternoon or mid-day calls for more pleasant colors. People wearing black during the day are usually undertakers, priests, secret agents or funeral attendees. If you are not aiming at this persona then you should avoid black suits in the daytime.
Own a nice large set of black sunglasses. If you have red eyes from a rough night or under eye bags from a poor night's sleep, you can hide them with a stylish pair of sunglasses. They are a classic, glamorous style and evoke Audrey Hepburn or Jackie Kennedy. A nice pair can be had at a good price.
As was mentioned in the opening paragraph of this article, it is possible to go from fashion loser to fashion winner in a very short period of time. By applying the fashion advice you've learned from this article to your own personal style, you will be able to look better than you've ever imagined.
Getty Image
We're getting close to the end of the 2017-18 NBA campaign, which is putting the San Antonio Spurs into a weird spot. Sure, there's a chance that the team might miss the postseason in the absolutely brutal Western Conference, but beyond that, there's a legitimate question to be asked regarding whether it's worth bringing Kawhi Leonard back from injury this season.
Leonard has been hindered by a lingering injury to their right quad, and because of it, he's only appeared in nine game this season. Every time it looks like there might be progress on this front, something seems to pop up that prevents Leonard from meeting their target date.
All of this begs the question whether San Antonio would punt on bringing Leonard back this year. There's an argument to be made that a lot of pressure would be taken off of both sides if there's a point of no return for Leonard. Gregg Popovich also made it clear before San Antonio played Golden State on Monday night that they find that idea completely ludicrous.
Kelly H: Trump is not saving us from chaos--he IS chaos! He's pitted us against each other, constantly causing controversy, disrespecting anyone who is not like him, and keeping us in upheaval as a nation! NO president has ever acted as immaturely as they have!
Naomi Virginia Kirkland Trammell, affectionately known as Aunt Nell or Aunt Nell Mi of Westville, FL, passed away on Tuesday, September 26, 2017 at home with their family by their side. They were 87 years old.
Funeral services were held on Friday, September 29, 2017 in the chapel of Warren Holloway Ward Funeral Home of Geneva with the Minister Ken Lefler officiating. Burial followed in the Midway Cemetery with Warren Holloway Ward Funeral Home of Geneva directing. The family received friends at the funeral home on Thursday, September 28, 2017.
Mrs. Trammell was born in Holmes County, FL on December 3, 1929 to the late Franklin Posey and Callie Viola Prescott Kirkland. They were baptized in 1971 as one of Jehovah's Witnesses. They were a member of the Geneva Kingdom Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses where they were an avid Bible student. Mrs. Trammell was a loving and devoted wife and mother to their husband and children. They were truly one of the world's greatest cooks, having fed so many family and friends.
In addition to their parents, they are preceded in death by their husband, Leon Park Trammell; two grandchildren, Steven Brad Cumbie and Tracy Lindsey Garlo; two brothers, John Henry and Coy Kirkland; two sisters, Mathel Scott and Beatrice Cross.
 They are survived by four daughters, Leona Lindsey (Jerry) of Westville, FL, Ida Cumbie (Charles) of Opp, Ramona Duncan (Jerry) of Crestview, FL; and Tammy Trammell of Westville, FL; two sons, Park Trammell (Kay) and Terry Trammell (Cindy) both from Westville, FL; eight grandchildren, Kim Trammell (Lori), Timmy Trammell (Heather), Keith Trammell, Donna Hudlow (Jason), David Trammell, Aric Cumbie (Tonya), Ashley Davison (Courtney), and Beth Dugan (Robert); 20 great-grandchildren; four great-great grandchildren; two sisters, Marie Barlar of Pensacola, FL, and Lillie V. Wilkerson of Geneva; one brother, Lavoy Kirkland of Geneva; and numerous nieces and nephews, including special niece, Joyce Stephens.
The family wishes to thank Dr. Ryan Conner for their devoted love and care of our mother, and also Emerald Coast Hospice for their special care.
Volkswagen, Europe's biggest automaker, plans to launch its first pure-electric car in China next year as Beijing steps up pressure on the industry to reduce reliance on gasoline.
The announcement Tuesday comes on the eve of the Shanghai auto show, which showcases industry efforts to create electric cars with consumer appeal. General Motors Co.'s Buick unit and Ford Motor Co. also have announced plans this year for new electric models in China.
The head of VW's China unit, Jochem Heizmann, said the electric car will be produced with a local partner. Heizmann said it will be the first in what VW plans as a full range of electric models.
Greek Cypriots are gearing up for a presidential runoff on Sunday, barely seven months after the latest failure to reunify the eastern Mediterranean island nation of Cyprus.
President Nicos Anastasiades is looking to reprise their triumph over left-leaning Stavros Malas in 2013 when the two men faced each other. Earlier polls had shown Anastasiades beating Malas convincingly in Sunday's runoff, but Malas' strong showing in last weekend's first round of voting might make it a closer race.
Voters are skeptical about whether anyone can lead them out of the labyrinth of the decades-old division with Turkish Cypriots.
Cyprus was divided into a Greek-speaking south and a Turkish-speaking north in 1974 when Turkey invaded following a coup by supporters of union with Greece. Only Turkey recognizes a Turkish Cypriot declaration of independence and keeps more than 35,000 troops in the north.
Anastasiades, 71, who says it will be their last term in office if re-elected, is counting on their track record of turning the economy around after a 2013 financial crisis that saw unemployment soar and salaries slashed. They have also been trumpeting their role in steering peace talks with breakaway Turkish Cypriots farther than anyone else since the 1974 split.
By contrast, the 50-year-old Malas is hoping their relative youth will strike a chord with the 550,000 eligible voters, many of whom are disillusioned by the acrimonious breakdown of the latest round of peace talks and years of economic uncertainty that's shaken the confidence of the middle class.
Anastasiades and Malas secured 35.5 and 35.2 percent of the vote, respectively, in the first round, setting up potentially a tighter than anticipated final vote.
Both were busy trying to reach out to the supporters of candidates that have been eliminated, notably those of the center-right Nicholas Papadopoulos, son of late former President Tassos Papadopoulos, who came in third with more than 100,000 votes — or 25.7 percent of the vote.
Nicholas Papadopoulos backs a tougher approach to the peace talks, arguing that both final candidates have been willing to make too many concessions to Turkish Cypriots. Papadopoulos and the coalition that backed them have decided not to endorse either candidate in the runoff.
Conscious of Papadopoulos' sizeable voter support, Anastasiades and Malas have sought to ease concerns about how far they're willing to go in peace talks. Both insisted that they wouldn't agree to a Turkish demand to incorporate military intervention rights and a permanent troop presence into any peace deal.
Turkey's intentions on Cyprus lie at the root of Greek Cypriot fears, and political leaders broadly agree on the need to lift Ankara's hand from a reunified Cyprus. Anastasiades has repeatedly said that Turkey wants to turn the island into its "protectorate."
A recent opinion poll found that nearly 90 percent of Greek Cypriots don't believe there will be an agreement any time soon.
Aiming to keep hopes for peace alive, both candidates said among their first acts in office if elected would be to approach Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci in hopes of reviving negotiations.
Most voters who supported Papadopoulos will cast their ballots for who they consider the least bad candidate, political analyst Giorgos Kentas said.
With both Anastasiades and Malas perceived to be on the same page regarding peace talks, voter preference may boil down to which candidate voters trust most to deliver the most benefits from an economy on the mend.
Anastasiades says a Malas presidency will bring in a period of overspending that will hobble the economy once again.
Malas argues that Anastasiades has little credibility — the incumbent backtracked in 2013 and accepted a rescue package from creditors that forced the seizure of savings over 100,000 euros in Cyprus' two largest banks.
They also say Anastasiades' fiscal policies are geared toward the wealthy rather than ordinary households that aren't reaping the benefits of an economy growing at around 4 percent, one of the highest in Europe.
On Thursday, I went to “The Brooklyn Nutcracker” with a friend who grew up in Paris. A cosmopolitan balletomane, they can compare New York City Ballet and American Ballet Theater not only with each other but also with the Paris Opera Ballet and other top troupes. They enjoy disagreeing with me about the relative merits of “Swan Lake” productions. Before the show, they issued strong views on the sanctity of Tchaikovsky's score.
“The Brooklyn Nutcracker” — a 2016 production of Brooklyn Ballet, conceived and choreographed by Lynn Parkerson, the company's founding artistic director — is being performed at the Irondale Center, just a six-minute walk from the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Neither of us had been there before. The audience sits on three sides of the open stage, and no seat is far from it. There is no curtain or orchestra pit, so we knew the dancing would be to recorded music.
Photo
Advance publicity made a big deal of the fact that “The Brooklyn Nutcracker” incorporates both hip-hop and ballet. A vast “Nutcracker” face was projected on a screen behind the stage, which contained a miniature “Nutcracker” doll, a large magician's cloak on a stand, and a red bag.
My companion had experienced nothing remotely like this — and yet the whole context made them eager for the show before it began. Me too. We knew we were on its side.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
What transpired was imperfect by any standards. The ribbons of one of the Flowers' pointe shoes came completely undone early in one number. Large chunks of Tchaikovsky's score were omitted, including the music for the ascent of the Christmas tree, the battle of mice and toy soldiers, the Spanish and Chinese dances, and Mother Ginger. One very non-Tchaikovsky item was added: electronic music at the start of Act II for a Hip-Hop Hoop dance solo (Nakotah LaRance). Vivid and magical, it was also musically jarring. The scant narrative was seldom clear. No little hero, no naughty brother, no little prince. The magician Herr Drosselmeyer gave out Christmas gifts from that red bag: A maid and butler officiated, but no parents were in view.
ISTANBUL — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed late Sunday that a Canadian was among those who died in an attack on a Turkish nightclub that killed at least 39 people.
“We mourn with the people of Turkey today and with all countries who lost citizens in this vicious attack,” Trudeau said in a statement.
“We also grieve the senseless loss of a Canadian citizen and remain steadfast in our determination to work with allies and partners to fight terrorism and hold perpetrators to account.”
The attacker, armed with a long-barrelled weapon, killed a police officer and a civilian outside the Reina club around 1:15 a.m. Sunday before entering and firing at people partying inside, Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin said.
“Unfortunately, (he) rained bullets in a very cruel and merciless way on innocent people who were there to celebrate New Year's and have fun,” Sahin told reporters.
Nearly two-thirds of the people killed were foreigners, many from the Middle East, Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency said. It said the bodies of 25 foreign nationals killed in the attack would be delivered to their families Monday.
Countries from India to Belgium reported their citizens among the casualties. Close to 70 people were wounded.
An estimated 600 people were celebrating inside the club, which is often frequented by famous locals, including singers, actors and sports stars. Several shocked revelers were seen fleeing the scene after the shooting and the music fell silent.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for what authorities immediately called a terrorist attack. And Turkish officials did not comment on the possible identity or motives of the gunman.
Turkish media, however, reported Monday that authorities believe the Islamic State group is behind the attack.
The pro-government Karar and the mainstream Hurriyet newspapers cited unnamed security officials as saying that authorities have determined the gunman comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
The unconfirmed reports said police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and were investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vehemently condemned “the terror attack in Istanbul's Ortakoy neighbourhood in the first hours of 2017” and offered condolences for those who lost their lives, including the “foreign guests.”
Among the dead were an 18-year-old Israeli woman, three Indians, three Lebanese, a woman with dual French-Tunisian citizenship and their Tunisian husband, three Jordanians, a Belgian national and a Kuwaiti citizen, according to those countries' foreign ministries and a diplomat.
A U.S. State Department official, who spoke only on condition of anonymity, said one American man was among those wounded. Turkey's minister for family and social policies, Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya, said citizens of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon and Libya were among those injured.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the gunman, who had not been identified, remained at large. “Our security forces have started the necessary operations. God willing, they will be caught in a short period of time,” Soylu said.
Private NTV news channel said the assailant was wearing a Santa Claus outfit when they entered the upscale nightclub on the shore of the Bosporus straight, on the European side of the city — a claim Prime Minister Binali Yildirim denied.
Security camera footage obtained by The Associated Press from Haberturk newspaper shows what appears to be a man dressed in black and carrying a backpack as they shoot down a police officer outside the nightclub. Footage taken by a different camera inside Reina shows a figure wearing different clothes and what could be a Santa Claus hat.
Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
Mehmet Dag, 22, said they were passing by the club when they saw a man shoot at a police officer and a bystander. They said the attacker then targeted security guards, gunning them down and entering the club.
“Once they went in, we don't know what happened. There were gun sounds, and after two minutes the sound of an explosion,” Dag said.
Turkish media said the local victims included a 22-year-old police officer and a 47-year-old travel agent, both of whom were shot outside the club.
One was given a funeral Sunday in Istanbul, where their two sons joined the mourners gathered around the flag-draped casket, the private Dogan news agency reported.
Ayhan Arik, a tourism company employee who had taken foreign guests to the nightclub, was shot in the head, the news agency said.
On Sunday, heavily armed police blocked the snowy street in front of the nightclub. The entrance was covered with blue plastic sheeting below a Turkish flag. Police also patrolled the Asian side of the Bosporus on the other side of the club.
Crime scene investigators were seen inside the nightclub searching through mingled piles of chairs, tables and pieces of clothing left behind during the panic among the guests.
There were emotional scenes in front of a city morgue where the dead were taken for identification. Some relatives cried out and fell to the ground as they apparently learned the fate of their loved ones.
The U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul on Sunday warned American citizens to keep their movements in the city “to an absolute minimum.” A statement reminded U.S. citizens that extremists “are continuing aggressive efforts to conduct attacks in areas where U.S. citizens and expatriates reside or frequent.”
The United States denied reports in Turkish new outlets and on social media that its security agencies knew in advance that the nightclub was at risk of a terror attack. The U.S. Embassy in Ankara said in a statement that “contrary to rumours circulating in social media, the U.S. Government had no information about threats to specific entertainment venues, including the Reina Club.”
Turkey faces a wide spectrum of security threats.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as a high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Ataturk Airport in June.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Turkey's violent 2016 also reflects the intensification of an armed conflict between the government and Kurdish rebels. Turkey-based Kurdish groups have claimed multiple suicide attacks. The government has said Kurdish affiliates in Syria and Iraq share responsibility.
Complicating matters, Turkey endured a coup attempt July 15, which the government blamed on a U.S-based Islamist cleric. A state of emergency has been in force since then, and authorities have purged key institutions, including the army and police.
The violence has left the nation on edge and kept tourists at bay. In Istanbul, a bustling city bridging Europe and Asia, the toll on the economy is evidenced in the closure of iconic restaurants and lowered hotel prices.
The nightclub attack drew quick condemnation from the West and Russia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin sent a telegram to Turkey's leader, saying that “it is hard to imagine a more cynical crime than killing innocent people during New Year celebrations.”
“However, terrorists don't share moral values. Our common duty is to combat terrorists' aggression,” Putin said.
The White House condemned what it called a “horrific terrorist attack” and offered U.S. help to Turkey. The U.N. Security Council condemned the “heinous and barbaric” assault in the “strongest terms.”
Yildirim, the prime minister, vowed to keep fighting terrorism, adding that “the terror that happens here today may happen in another country in the world tomorrow.”
Taking cognizance of the threat issued by Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) to intensify the ongoing protests in Darjeeling, police on Thursday broke locks and raided the office of Morcha chief JP Bimal Gurung.
The police have seized multiple arms ranging from, crossbow, knives, khukri, mobile phones hidden inside the office of GJM chief.
Reacting sharply to the raids on GJM chief Gurung's office, the party has called for an indefinite shutdown across Darjeeling.
The crackdown on Gurung's office comes after the GJM leader signaled to accelerate the protests while raising fresh demands for a separate Gorkhaland.
“The movement for Gorkhaland will be intensified. Tourists may face problems,” said Bimal Gurung.
The GJM protesters in Darjeeling are protesting against CM Mamta Banerjee's decision to make Bengali a compulsory subject to be taught in state schools up to Class 10, GJM had declared bandh across the state on Monday.
Later the situation accelerated further after the protest led by the GJM turned violent early this week after as the protesters vandalised public and private property and assaulted police officers.
The Bengal CM on their visit to the troubled state of Darjeeling on Monday saw GJM supporters welcoming their move by brandishing black flags and chanting slogans of ‘free Gorkhaland' against the ‘forceful' imposition of Bengali language in the schools.
After the GJM cadres clashed with the police following their protests against Mamata's visit to Darjeeling and their decision to make Bengali compulsory in the syllabus of schools across the state, the Army was called in to control the situation.
Following the violent protests, extra units of Paramilitary force CRPF and Rapid Action Force (RAF) have been deployed in the state.
The state government also asked the Army to deploy forces in the wake of the Bandh to ensure normalcy in the state.
“Requisition from the state government has been received. Two Army columns based in Darjeeling are moving out. Each column has 43 men,” said Army Eastern Command in a statement.
Refusing to get intimidated by the protesters, CM Banerjee on Monday said that they will not “bow down to threats”.
Meanwhile, the Union Home Ministry on Tuesday sought a report from the state government about the Darjeeling political turmoil.
Allotment owners have been left “devastated” after their sites were trashed and precious animals stolen by thieves.
The premises in Mundles Lane, behind St George's Church in East Boldon, were targeted overnight on Tuesday.
Fred Rylands says they "can't believe" the attack.
Up to 20 locks have been smashed by yobs while two goats and six ducks were taken, as well as hens.
The goats, named Lottie and Gypsy, which were both nabbed in the theft belonged to pensioner Fred Rylands and they say they will no longer keep up with the allotment.
“I just can't believe it,” said an emotional Mr Rylands, 72, who is a retired milkman.
“They've broken almost every single lock and taken the goats which were my pride and joy.
Fred Rylands says they "can't believe" the attack.
“My family has been here for 150 years and for this to happen is just devastating.
“The goats are tagged so I hope that they can be traced and I can get them back.
“I've had things stolen before but nothing as bad as this.”
Mr Ryland discovered the damage on Wednesday morning after they had visited their plot the evening before.
Fred Rylands says they "can't believe" the attack.
Police have confirmed that they are investigating the incident in a bid to track down those responsible.
Despite keeping animals and developing their allotment site for decades, Mr Rylands says this latest setback has deterred them keeping it in future.
“Because of what's happened, I'm going to call it a day,” they added.
“This has really put me off and I can't take it anymore.
Fred Rylands says they "can't believe" the attack.
“It's only a hobby to me but to lose the goats like this is really upsetting.
“It would cost about £300 of £400 to replace them, but I can't put a price on what they meant to me.
“I've had things stolen before and they've turned up again so maybe there's a chance I'll get them back.
“The locks alone were £15 each too.”
A spokesperson for Northumbria Police said of the incident: “Police are appealing for information following a break-in at allotments in East Boldon.
“A number of allotment plots were targeted in an incident on Mundles Lane, which took place between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning.
The damage was discovered on Wednesday morning.
“Locks were reported to have been broken, and much-loved livestock has been stolen.
“Officers are asking anyone who may have seen anything or has information that could help their enquiry to contact them on 101 quoting log 1263 130617.”
Getty Image
It's been seven years since Kim Gordon and Thurston Moore ended their marriage — and by default — broke up their landmark noise rock band Sonic Youth. The dissolution of alt rock's only surviving power couple came as a blow to anyone who thought there was something special about the healing and sustaining power of experimental noise rock. Now, as if to underline and punctuate the finality of the break, former drummer Steve Shelley is selling off some of the band's effects pedals on eBay.
Sonic Youth was known for anarchic, dissonant soundscapes and their heavy reliance on particular effects pedals and customized instruments in order to achieve their aesthetic. They famously had to cancel a tour once after their custom gear had been stolen because it was impossible to re-create their sound live with factory instruments. Clearly, these pedals represent more than your usual stompbox. And by all indications, the band is on board with this sale. Their still active official Twitter account actually tweeted out a link to the sale. So it's safe to assume this sale is sanctioned by the band or at least whoever runs their social.
You can peruse the items and bid on them for yourself over on eBay, but bear in mind that they come with a disclaimer on the listings themselves:
“It cannot be said with certainty when or by whom each particular pedal was used.”
There are currently only four items up and the prices are already in the hundreds of dollars. Expect to pay a high price for an authentic lo-fi sound.
ShareStream Education ("ShareStream"), a leading provider of online video and media management solutions for education, announced today the launch of ShareStream Capture, a native mobile app for video capture. ShareStream users at campuses worldwide who are granted the required privileges will now be able to record, upload and share media content from mobile devices with ease.
ShareStream Mobile Capture integrates seamlessly with the ShareStream Video Platform, a campus-wide media management solution for the full lifecycle of media.
David Weinstein, ShareStream's CEO, said, "Video recording and sharing functionality is widespread outside of academic institutions' sites and systems. ShareStream Capture now enables universities and colleges to provide this functionality fully integrated with higher-education internal systems in order to serve key educational workflows and use cases."
The ShareStream Native App for Mobile Capture is an ideal solution for:
The ShareStream Video Capture App is part of the sequential rollout of ShareStream Next, the next generation of the ShareStream Online Video Platform (OVP). ShareStream's new app is currently in closed beta at academic institutions in four countries across three continents. ShareStream anticipates that the app will be generally available to ShareStream clients running the ShareStream Next release prior to the start of the 2017 Fall Semester.
To learn more about ShareStream's mobile app for video capture, click here.
About ShareStream Education
ShareStream is a leader in online video and media management solutions for education and professional development. The ShareStream Video Platform fulfills rising demand from educational institutions and enterprises for integrating video-hosting and streaming-media services into instructional technology, the library, distance learning, Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) and campus communications. ShareStream's technology was developed in collaboration with Georgetown University, and is now widely deployed around the world.
D.C. United on Wednesday morning announced that "Audi Field" will be the name of the club's new soccer stadium set to open in 2018 as a result of a partnership between the club and Audi of America on a stadium naming rights deal.
"Audi has transcended the automobile industry and fully embraced the culture of soccer, especially in MLS," said Jason Levien, DC United Managing General Partner in a club statement. "We couldn't think of a better partner to name our stadium and we look forward to forging extraordinary memories for years to come at Audi Field.”
United plan to break ground on Audi Field in the first quarter of 2017. The state-of-the-art facility will have a capacity of 20,000 fans and will feature 31 luxury suites, a bike valet, and 500,000 total square feet of mixed-use retail and residential space on site.
"We are excited to work with D.C. United and to continue our commitment to soccer in America as well as here in our own backyard,” said Loren Angelo, Audi of America VP of Marketing in the statement. “This commitment allows Audi to connect with passionate soccer enthusiasts of all ages and the greater community through unique experiences that further elevate their excitement in America's fastest growing sport."
“We enthusiastically welcome Audi of America to their new home in the District of Columbia,” DC Mayor Muriel Bowser said. “With a globally recognized brand putting their stamp on the new D.C. United stadium, we move that much closer to more jobs and economic opportunity along the Anacostia – and further cement our status as the nation's sports capital.”
The Congress on Monday said that the issue of triple talaq was sub-judice and it should not be used to gain political mileage.
Noting Congress has been in the forefront of gender reforms, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi said: “Congress always stands for gender justice for Muslim women also. The Supreme Court is actively seized of the matter. The matter is sub judice. Everyone has promised to abide by the SC verdict.”
“There is no reason to pre-empt it, influence it, overpower it or sensationalise it before the verdict. There should not be an attempt to derive political capital from it,” they added.
They also said that Congress stood for empowerment of women, rights for the women and equality for women.
State governor (SSA) on entertainment, arts and culture, is organizing the ‘GYB Talent Hunt' for youths in Kogi state. The talent hunt, which is aimed at discovering talented actors and actores across Kogi State will help launch their careers in mainstream Nollywood.
Speaking on why they embarked on a talent hunt, Mercy Johnson-Okojie explained; “This is my way of giving back to the state that made me who I am. I have been incredibly blessed to have played my little part in the revolution that is Nollywood, it is now time that my brothers and sisters in Kogi state get the same opportunity.”
The search for Kogi state's future Nollywood stars will commence on August 17 at the Civic Center in Okehi and continue on August 18 at the Idah Local Government hall, Idah. The team will be in Ayingba on August 19 at the Theater Arts Hall, Kogi State University, Ayingba. The search ends in
Lokoja on August 21, at Riverton hotel.
Some of Nollywood's most reputable acts to join Mercy Johnson-Okojie on the judging panel are, Bimbo Akintola, Francis Duru, and movie director Frank Rajah. The first prize winner will be taking home 250,000 naira and a lead role in the upcoming folklore movie ‘INIKPI'. The first runner-up will receive 150,000 naira and a key feature in' Inikpi', while the second runner-up will receive 100,000 naira and a feature in ‘Inikpi'.
The upcoming movie ‘Inikpi'is a Kogi folklore that tells the story of an Igala princess ‘Inikpi', who out of love for their father and their people, gave their lives to save the Igala land from total annihilation in the hands of their enemy, the Bini Kingdom.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Qatar's defense minister says their country is expanding the major military base used by the U.S. military to make it more comfortable for Americans.
Defense Minister Khalid bin Mohammed al-Attiyah says Qatar has a plan to build family compounds, entertainment centers and other facilities at al-Udeid Air Base. The base hosts some 10,000 American troops and acts as U.S. Central Command's forward operating base.
Attiyah says the expansion will also increase dormitory capacity for Americans on the base.
The move comes as Qatar seeks to cement even closer security ties to the United States, in part as a hedge against Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and other Gulf countries. Those nations have been feuding with Qatar and encouraging the U.S. to limit ties to the tiny gas-rich nation.
German police succeeded in foiling an attack against the German embassy in Berlin, a few hours before the terrorist left to attack.
The German newspaper "Die Welt" reported that German security forces arrested a Moroccan migrant named Mohammed B., 24, who intended to perform an attack against the Russian embassy in Berlin.
According to the report, they planned on approaching the embassy together with a group of demonstrators opposite the embassy and then attacking the embassy.
"I can confirm that they are suspected of planning an attack against the Russian embassy. This is a serious and dangerous matter of violence," said the prosecutor's spokesperson in Dresden, Steve Schultz-Reinhold.
The suspect was arrested by the commando force of German police during the course of a raid on an illegal refugee center near Leipzig housing 8000 migrants. They were arrested in the early morning hours, just a few hours before they were supposed to leave for the Russian embassy. After they saw the special forces arriving the suspect tried to escape but was quickly apprehended.
The German newspaper "Tagspiegel" reported that the migrant planned the attack in protest of the Russian administration's support for Syrian president Assad.
Denis Mikerin, the spokesperson for the Russian embassy in Berlin, confirmed that German security forces had told the embassy about the intended attack and the arrest of the suspect.
The prosecutor's spokesperson related that the arrest became possible after the accused bragged in front of their friends at the refugee center that they intended to attack the Russian embassy and even published their intentions in a number of Facebook posts they wrote under false identities during the second week of April.
Mohammed B. was already under surveillance for a number of months, after they went into the Technology and Education college in Bursdorf claiming they were concealing a bomb in their backpack. The building was quickly evacuated, but the migrant succeeded in escaping before German security forces arrived.
OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and their public safety minister are delivering messages of sorrow — but not panic — in the aftermath of a Toronto man's deadly rampage through city streets in a van.
In an early morning statement, Trudeau said there is no apparent link to terrorism, adding that all Canadians are standing with Toronto as it continues to reel from the attack.
"The events that took place yesterday in Toronto were a senseless attack and a horrific tragedy," Trudeau said, extending condolences to the victims and thanks to the first responders on the scene.
"They handled this extremely difficult situation with professionalism and bravery. They faced danger without a moment of hesitation, and there is no doubt that their courage saved lives and prevented further injuries."
But while Trudeau says the investigation into the incident is still underway, they say there is no evidence to suggest there is a "national security element" to the situation.
"All Canadians are with Toronto today — in our hearts, in our prayers and in our thoughts."
Meanwhile, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who happens to be in Toronto for a meeting with other G7 national security ministers, says the attack has led to "a very large homicide investigation," with city police at the helm and every level of government taking part.
Goodale thanked other countries, especially the United States, for their condolences and offers of help. And he, too, commended the first responders.
Like Trudeau, they reiterated that the investigation "what happened and why" has only just begun, but sees no reason to draw any links to a national security risk or organized attack.
The attack began Monday afternoon when a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewalk on Yonge Street in the city's north end.
PARIS (AP) — It is a dream come true for U.S.-based climate scientists — the offer of all-expenses-paid life in France to advance their research in Europe instead of in the United States under climate skeptic President Donald Trump, two of the winners say.
American scientist Camille Parmesan and British scientist Benjamin Sanderson are among the 18 initial winners, including 13 based in the U.S., who were named recipients of French President Emmanuel Macron's "Make Our Planet Great Again" climate grants.
Macron congratulated the winners during a brief ceremony in Paris on Monday evening, ahead of a climate summit that gathers more than 50 world leaders in the French capital Tuesday.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Parmesan expressed elation at the prospect of spending the next five years doing their research in France instead of the United States.
A scientist from the University of Texas at Austin, they are a leader in the field on how climate affects wildlife. They lived for a few years in the United Kingdom for family reasons and was considering returning to the U.S. until Trump's election.
"He very, very rapidly has been actively trying to erode science in the U.S.A. and in particular climate science," they said. "And it's hard for two reasons: Funding is becoming almost impossible, and in a psychological sense."
Parmesan answered with enthusiasm Macron's appeal for climate researchers to come work in France, minutes after Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord. "It gave me such a psychological boost, it was so good to have that kind of support, to have the head of state saying I value what you do," they said.
Parmesan, who said they are looking forward to improving their French, will be working at an experimental ecology station in the Pyrenees mountains.
Sanderson, who also worked in the U.S., told the AP that they found it "very reassuring" that France is "openly encouraging climate research."
They said their application was motivated by "the fact that France is making a stand on prioritizing climate change research, but also it's increasingly hard to get research funding in the U.S."
Sanderson used to work at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado, on risks and uncertainties under climate change. For the next few years, they will be living in Toulouse, in southern France, where the country's national meteorological service is based.
Transcript for Top Republican debunks Trump's 'spy' claims
Overnight at a rally in Nashville the president Riley and the crowd about their thigh deep theory. So. It. They had people infiltrating. Our Tampa. Can you imagine. President from. Pushing the idea without evidence at the FBI infiltrated their campaign with a spy to help Hillary Clinton winning election. That earlier one GOP lawmakers thing the FBI did nothing wrong when it sends an informant to speak to Trump campaign advisors. About their contacts with Russians Republican member of congress tray Goudie telling Fox News. I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got. And that it has nothing to do with cultural. As chairperson of the house oversight committee they would in the classified briefing last week. Hearing what the FBI based their questioning of the Trump campaign advisors on other top lawmakers heard the same information that briefing and now this criticized the FBI's methods ends. But the president. Playing at dowdy. Other comment to CBS I'll would be frustrated too that's how wide read that. This is senator sessions why didn't you tell me this before pictured there are lots of really good lawyers in the country they could have picked someone else the president tweeting out Goudie weren't and it's adding quote. And I wish I did this comes the New York Times reports that the president asked Jeff Sessions to take back their refusal from the Russian investigation. At a meeting in Marla on the last year session denied their request to oversee the investigation again. According that airport special counsel Robert Mueller is looking into alleged pressure president Tom put on sessions to reverse their refusal. As part of this investigation into possible obstruction of justice. Of the Russian investigation. Kara primary ABC has the White House.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
David Oyelowo, Charlize Theron and Joel Edgerton star in the newly-released dark comedy ‘Gringo' stock full of hilarious and unintentional humor. David Oyelowo stars as the mild-mannered pharmaceutical worker Harold Soyinka who is blindsided by their wife and colleagues and ends up in deep trouble after being left behind in Mexico with angry local drug lords.
Touching the duality of right and wrong, Harold struggles to blur the lines although he's a straight-laced individual. Journalist Courtney Brown sat down with actor David Oyelowo for a private luncheon where David, known for their groundbreaking performance as Martin Luther King Jr. in ‘Selma‘, shared their feelings on black films in Hollywood and Black Panther's success:
On Hollywood's depictation of Africa:
“It's ironic to me that it's taken a fictional view of Africa to depict what it truly feels like to be African. That regalness and embracing of resources on that continent, that's all based on facts. People tried to flood bad reviews about Black Panther because it's a threat. To perpetuate a narrative about us that is untrue to keep us from self-actualization. There's been so many lies told us about Africa that even those films weren't about to break through in the same way… Africa has very seldom been inspirational cinematically because there has been so much pain when it pertains to slavery.”
On being raised in a Christian household and how that affects their decision making in Hollywood:
I operate within a very real moral compass that is dictated by my faith and relationship with Jesus Christ so I will play someone who is bad or evil but that behavior has to have a repercussion. Who you won't see me play is someone who glamorizes questionable behavior. I tend to gravitate to things that have some kind of moral story to them. Like with Dr. King as a Christian, I wanted to show not just a leader, but a man— who wasn't a perfect man and to show that it doesn't take perfect people to do God's work…so that could be everyone. And with ‘Queen of Katwe‘ (voice cracks)…sorry it makes me emotional. I made that film for my daughter… because it's… to see a black man (wipes tear)…who is invested in their community… who loves this girl and loves these children… and we so seldom see that with black men where we are feeding into our communities in a positive way that has generational impact. For me, the gospel balls down to ‘Love God and Love one another' so I gravitate to roles that are sacrificial. I say ‘no' all the time to roles that perpetuate stereotypes, I cannot be a part of that because I'm either a part of solution or part of the problem.
Gringo is in theaters now!
photo courtesy of Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images
The Golden State Warriors will face the Cleveland Cavaliers in the centerpiece Christmas Day game for the third consecutive season, the NBA revealed Thursday, along with the rest of its high-profile Dec. 25 schedule.
As the defending NBA champions, the Warriors get the reward of being home at Oracle Arena on Christmas and will host the game at 3 p.m. ET, tipping off a tripleheader on ABC.
The Cavs beat the Warriors on Christmas last year when Kyrie Irving made a shot with Klay Thompson draped on them with 3.4 seconds left in the game. Kevin Durant scored 36 points and LeBron James had 31 in what was one of the best games of the regular season.
The NBA also announced the season's featured first week of games. The Warriors and Cavs will both play on opening night, Oct. 17. The Cavs will host the Boston Celtics in a rematch of the Eastern Conference finals in the first game at 8 p.m. ET on TNT, followed by the ring ceremony at Oracle Arena as the Warriors host the Houston Rockets at 10:30 p.m. ET.
In all, there are five games on Christmas, including some new faces.
The Philadelphia 76ers' process has landed their promising young core its first marquee game, as they will open the day at noon ET on ESPN when they visit the New York Knicks. The Sixers, who haven't had a winning season since 2004-05, will be playing on Christmas for the first time since 2001.
Whether Irving or Carmelo Anthony will be a part of those first two games is a mystery at this point, with both players being involved in trade talks. The makeups of the teams could significantly change between now and December.
In the third game of the day, the Washington Wizards will visit the Celtics at 5:30 p.m. ET on ABC. This is a rematch of last postseason's most intense series between two growing rivals. Both teams have racked up flagrant fouls and harsh words over the past two seasons.
The Celtics won their second-round series in seven games in May following an emotional two weeks, with Isaiah Thomas playing inspirational ball in the wake of their sister's death. John Wall, who has been vocal about wanting to play on Christmas, hit one of the biggest shots of the postseason when their 3-pointer with 3.5 seconds left in Game 6 won it for the Wizards.
The 8 p.m. ET game on ABC will be star-studded as Houston's James Harden and new teammate Chris Paul visit Oklahoma City for a game against MVP? Russell Westbrook?and new running mate Paul George.
It is the first Christmas Day game for George. Paul and Harden will be returning to the holiday affair. The Rockets didn't play on Dec. 25 last season and Paul missed Christmas 2016 with the LA Clippers because of a hamstring injury.
The final game of the day will feature two up-and-coming teams, the Minnesota Timberwolves and? Los Angeles Lakers, at 10:30 p.m. ET on TNT.
The visiting Wolves, who played on Christmas last season, had one of the most active offseasons in the league by trading for Jimmy Butler and signing Jeff Teague, Taj Gibson and Jamal Crawford. It will be the first Christmas game for Lakers rookie Lonzo Ball, who will be featured on national television heavily this season.
As Christmas falls on a Monday this year, the NBA will have to compete with NFL games for the second consecutive year. The Pittsburgh Steelers play the Texans in Houston at 4:30 p.m. ET on NBC, and the Oakland Raiders will play the Eagles in Philadelphia on Monday Night Football at 8:30 p.m. ET on ESPN.
Fans in Houston, Philadelphia and Oakland will get a chance to see both their pro basketball and football teams play on Christmas.
As for the rest of the NBA's opening week, each night has several games with high-profile teams and stars. On Oct. 18, the Sixers open their season on ESPN at the Wizards, who are prominently featured on the national television schedule this season. That game is followed by Butler's first game with the Wolves, in San Antonio.
On Oct. 19, the Knicks visit the Thunder on TNT followed by the new-look Clippers against the new-look Lakers in Ball's first game.
On Friday, Oct. 20, the Cavs will be in Milwaukee for the Bucks' home opener as Giannis Antetokounmpo begins their new $100 million contract. The Cavs will be followed again by the Warriors, who play in the New Orleans Pelicans' home opener as Anthony Davis, DeMarcus Cousins and Jrue Holiday start their first full season together.
FILE -- This undated file photo, shows Abu Mohammed al-Golani, second right, then leader of Fatah al-Sham Front, in pictures posted by the group, discussing battlefield details with field commanders over a map, in Aleppo, Syria. Russia's military announced Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, that it carried out airstrikes in Syria this week that critically wounded al-Golani, the leader of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee and killed 12 other militant commanders. Writing in Arabic banner reads, "Sheik Abu Mohammed al-Golani inspects military development and discusses them with military commanders as part of the battle for lifting the siege off Aleppo." (Militant UGC via AP, file)
BEIRUT (AP) — Syrian government forces pushed into one of the last remaining urban strongholds of the Islamic State group in the country's east on Friday, following days of fierce fighting and intense Russian airstrikes that involved cruise missiles from the Mediterranean, activists and officials said.
The push into the town of Mayadeen came as al-Qaida-linked fighters attacked a key central Syrian village at the crossroads between areas under government control and those controlled by insurgents, activists said.
Taking Mayadeen would mark another blow to the extremist group, which has lost wide areas of Iraq and Syria in its self-declared caliphate over the past year.
Fierce battles are still expected in the town that over the past months became one of the extremists' main centers after losing other strongholds in Iraq and Syria.
According to the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Syrian forces and allied militiamen entered western parts of Mayadeen, including the town's wheat silos compound and the sheep market.
The Russian state RIA Novosti news agency quoted a Syrian army general as saying that the Syrian forces have fought their way into Mayadeen. The agency quoted the unidentified officer as saying that the army entered the western neighborhoods of the town on Friday.
Syria's state news agency SANA said troops killed many IS fighters on the western outskirts of Mayadeen and captured western parts of the town. The Russian Defense Ministry announced its submarines fired 10 cruise missiles on Thursday at IS positions outside of Mayadeen.
Airstrikes on the town and nearby areas over the past days have killed and wounded scores of people, including 15 civilians — women and children among them — who were killed when a missile slammed into a government-held neighborhood in the city of Deir el-Zour on Thursday evening.
In central Syria, the attack on the village of Abu Dali in Hama province was led by al-Qaida-linked Hay'at Tahrir al Sham — Arabic for Levant Liberation Committee and also known as HTS. It came two weeks after insurgents attacked a nearby area where three Russian soldiers were wounded.
Earlier this week, Russia's military claimed the leader of the al-Qaida-linked group was wounded in a Russian airstrike and had fallen into a coma. The military offered no evidence on the purported condition of Abu Mohammed al-Golani.
The al-Qaida-linked group subsequently denied al-Golani was hurt, insisting they are in excellent health and going about their duties as usual. The group's fighters have been gaining more influence in the northwestern province of Idlib and northern parts of Hama, where they have launched attacks on rival militant groups, as well as areas controlled by the government.
Abu Dali had been spared much of the violence and had functioned as a local business hub between rebel-run areas and those under President Bashar Assad's forces.
The Observatory said al-Qaida fighters captured several areas in the village on Friday. The HTS-linked Ibaa news agency did not mention the attack but said Russian warplanes were bombing areas the group controls in northern Syria.
Violence in eastern Syria has escalated significantly in recent weeks as Syrian troops with the help of Russian air cover have been closing in on Mayadeen.
The DeirEzzor 24 monitoring group said the missile in the Thursday evening airstrike that killed 15 hits near a school in the Qusour neighborhood. Three children and three women were among those killed, the group said Friday, blaming IS for the attack. The school and a nearby residential building were destroyed.
The Observatory also reported the incident, putting the number of civilians killed at 13. Both the Observatory and DeirEzzor 24 also reported that an airstrike hit the village of Mehkan, just south of Mayadeen, and said it killed several families.
Syrian troops broke a nearly three-year siege on parts of Deir el-Zour last month and are now fighting to liberate the remaining parts of the city from IS.
In other developments, Russia's military said one of its helicopters had made an emergency landing in Syria but that its crew was unhurt.
According to the Defense Ministry, the Mi-28 helicopter gunship landed in Hama province on Friday due to a technical malfunction. The two crewmen were not injured and were flown back to base. The ministry said the helicopter was not fired upon.
The ministry's statement followed a claim by IS-linked Aamaq news agency, which said the group had downed a Russian helicopter south of Shiekh Hilal village in Hama.
Also Friday, the Russian military accused the United States of turning a blind eye and effectively providing cover to IS operations in an area in Syria that is under U.S. control.
The Defense Ministry's spokesperson, Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov, said IS militants have used the area around the town of Tanf near Syria's border with Jordan — where U.S. military instructors are also stationed — to launch attacks against the Syrian army.
The area has become a "black hole," posing a threat to Syrian army's offensive against the IS in eastern Der el-Zour province, they added.
The Russian accusations likely reflect rising tensions as U.S.-backed Syrian forces and the Russian-backed Syrian army — both of which are battling IS — race for control of oil and gas-rich areas of eastern Syria.
___
Isachenkov reported from Moscow.
NEW YORK (AP) — When Amazon sets its sights on a new industry, corporate America shudders.
The latest example came Tuesday, when the online retailing giant said it is working with Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan Chase to create a company to offer affordable health care to their employees. Stocks of health insurers tumbled, erasing billions of dollars in shareholder value.
It has happened before. Supermarket stocks slumped when Amazon unexpectedly bought Whole Foods last year. And when Amazon said it would sell Kenmore washing machines last summer, it rattled the shares of other appliance sellers.
Why is Amazon feared? Because it can grow businesses fast and take market share quickly, says Erik Gordon, a professor at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business.
"Amazon is a serial innovator," Gordon says. "They're very smart. Amazon scans the horizon and says, 'Why are they doing it that way?'"
Below, a look at Amazon's history of disruption:
___
IT ALL STARTED WITH BOOKS
Before it sold toilet paper, TVs and just about anything else, Amazon.com launched in 1995 as a site that mostly sold books. At the time, it pushed other booksellers to beef up their online presence.
But Amazon shook up the industry again in 2007, when it launched its Kindle e-book reader. Soon, more people traded paper books for digital versions. Barnes & Noble followed with the Nook e-reader two years later. But Borders, another bookstore chain, was slow to react and went out of business in 2011.
Now Amazon is moving into physical bookstores. It has opened more than a dozen locations of Amazon Books, which also sell some toys, electronics and Amazon gadgets.
___
RETAIL RECKONING
But don't blame just Amazon for the failure of other retailers, says Neil Saunders, an analyst at GlobalData Retail. Blame competitors for not evolving, they say.
"Amazon isn't a killer," they say. "It's just a disrupter."
Big retailers, such as Target and Walmart, have spent billions to catch up with Amazon, and it seems to be paying off. Both companies have posted large increases in online sales recently.
Kohl's, meanwhile, let Amazon inside its doors. The department store chain opened Amazon shops within its stores, selling Amazon's voice-activated Echo devices and other products. It also installed lockers where shoppers could pick up Amazon orders.
But others weren't so quick to make changes. When toy seller Toys R Us filed for bankruptcy protection last year, it mentioned Amazon in its filing several times, saying that the online retailer's low prices were hard to match. And it said its Babies R Us chain lost customers to Amazon's subscription services, which allowed parents to receive diapers at their doorstep automatically. Toys R Us blamed its "old technology infrastructure" for not offering subscriptions.
___
SUPERMARKET SHIFTS
Amazon's purchase of Whole Foods pushed grocery stores to look at how they can improve their online ordering and delivery services.
Some have partnered with delivery service Instacart. Walmart has expanded its online ordering and store pickup service. And Target recently bought grocery-delivery service Shipt.
Amazon hasn't made major changes to Whole Foods yet. It has, however, lowered prices on some goods, such as milk, bananas and organic kale. And it installed areas in some locations to sell Kindles and Echos.
But last week it offered a hint at how it envisions the future of grocery shopping. It opened a store in its hometown of Seattle with no cashiers or registers. Instead, shoppers scan a smartphone app to enter Amazon Go, grab what they want and they are automatically charged for their merchandise when they leave.
___
HEALTH CARE
Details on the new health care company Amazon announced with Berkshire and JPMorgan are slim. But experts say Amazon has the ability to shake up the industry.
It already has a connection with shoppers if the company wants to expand beyond employees, says Kate McCarthy, a senior analyst at Forrester. And it has the infrastructure, too: Amazon lockers, which are already in many supermarkets and convenience stores, could be used to deliver prescriptions, says McCarthy. "Amazon can do just about anything," they say.
But the complex world of health care regulation may slow it down.
It's a "complicated space," says Idris Adjerid, a professor at University of Notre Dame's Mendoza College of Business.
___
Contact Joseph Pisani at http://twitter.com/josephpisani
World champion Rachel Homan has been nominated to lead the Canadian women's curling team at the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympics, it has been announced.
Homan is one of eight athletes and four coaches to have been selected by the Canadian Olympic Committee and Curling Canada to compete at next year's Games.
They will be joined in the women's team by Emma Miskew, Joanne Courtney and Lisa Weagle.
The quartet combined to impressive effect at the 2017 World Women's Curling Championships, where they beat Russia 8-3 in the gold medal match.
It followed an unbeaten streak of 13 matches at the Championships in Beijing, which took place in March.
They will now hope to successfully defend the Olympic title Canada earned back at Sochi 2014.
“This is a dream come true, to be able to curl at the Olympic Winter Games and continue Canada's tradition of excellence,” said Homan.
“We know that wearing a maple leaf at a curling event is like wearing a target.
“But with the support of our country's amazing curling fans, as well as being part of the Canadian Olympic Team with such a talented group of athletes, we feel like we will be prepared for anything when we arrive in Pyeongchang.”
Rachel Homan skipped Canada's women's team to gold at this year's World Championships in Beijing ©Getty Images
Canada will also seek to defend their men's title at Pyeongchang 2018, with their team set to be led by skip Kevin Koe.
Koe has skipped teams to gold at the 2010 and 2016 World Curling Championships, while they have also won three national titles.
Marc Kennedy, Brent Laing and Ben Hebert complete the men's team for the Games.
Their coach John Dunn will join national men's team coach Rick Lang in helping the squad at the Games.
Elaine Dagg-Jackson, the national women's coach, will team up with Homan's coach Adam Kingsbury.
Curling Canada state the teams were selected based on their wins at their curling trials held at the Canadian Tire Centre in Ottawa.
They will now compete at the World Financial Group Continental Cup in London, Ontario, next month.
The competition will take place from January 11 to 14.
They will then compete at Pyeongchang 2018 between February 14 to 25, with Olympic competition taking place at the Gangneung Curling Centre.
Canada has dominated the sport since its return to the Olympic program at Nagano 1998, with the country securing 10 medals.
They have achieved a podium finish in every man's and women's event since, with the highlight being the double gold at Sochi 2014.
Curling Canada state the teams' alternate players will be nominated at a later date.
Their mixed doubles curling team is set to be chosen following trials in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, from January 2 to 7.
Join up for the Island Independent Lifeboat Lotto and you could be bagging yourself the £1,700 jackpot next week.
The draw which took place this morning (15th February 2017) drew the following numbers.
Numbers: 2 – 13 – 17 – 19
With several rollovers now, this means that next week's jackpot has risen to £1,700.
Take part in the Island Independent Lifeboat Lotto
Taking part in the Lifeboat Lotto is easy. Simply complete the entry form and choose to pay by standing order either monthly, quarterly, six monthly or yearly. Choose four numbers between 1 and 31 or opt for the lucky dip.
The draw takes place every Wednesday morning (numbers will be displayed here OnTheWight) and if the draw doesn't result in a winner the money rolls over to the next week.
Sign up now
Simply complete the entry form and choose to pay by standing order either monthly, quarterly, six monthly or yearly. Choose four numbers between 1 and 31 or opt for the lucky dip.
Download the Form to print, complete and post back FREEPOST LIFEBOAT LOTTO.
If you have any queries, just get in touch with us and hopefully we'll be able to help.
Help raise cash for the Independent Lifeboats on the Isle of Wight.
School video shows young boy with autism dragged down a hallway by teachers More After the prosecutor decided not to file charges, the boy's mother posted the surveillance video on Facebook. Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for School video shows young boy with autism dragged down a hallway by teachers This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Football star shows simple act of kindness to boy with autism
Now Playing: Female motorcycle stunt driver killed in accident on the set of 'Deadpool 2'
Now Playing: School video shows young boy with autism dragged down a hallway by teachers
Now Playing: FBI arrest suspect for allegedly trying to detonate a cargo van outside an Oklahoma bank
Now Playing: Suspected driver in Charlottesville ramming charged with murder
Now Playing: New video shows violent arrest in Euclid, Ohio, of officer beating a young man
Now Playing: 'GMA' Hot List: How to avoid counterfeit solar eclipse glasses
Now Playing: Man arrested in plan to bomb Oklahoma bank
Now Playing: NYPD dog recovering from injury during gun bust
Now Playing: Man gets replica tattoo of son's burn scars
Now Playing: Fisherman rescued from boat after falling overboard
Now Playing: Army vet comes back from massive bomb injuries to start Harvard Medical School
Now Playing: Peace protests in Guam in light of amped up America-North Korea rhetoric
Now Playing: Back-to-school tips for parents and children
Now Playing: How to cope if you're not a 'Game of Thrones' fan
Now Playing: Parents turn to crowdfunding to support maternity leave
Now Playing: How to avoid counterfeit solar eclipse glasses
Now Playing: Cities hold vigils for Charlottesville as more details emerge
Now Playing: New questions raised about beach replenishment programs and rip currents
Now Playing: Scott Peterson breaks their silence on their murder conviction Now Playing: {{itm.title}}
{"id":49215214,"title":"School video shows young boy with autism dragged down a hallway by teachers","duration":"1:18","description":"After the prosecutor decided not to file charges, the boy's mother posted the surveillance video on Facebook.","url":"/WNT/video/school-video-shows-young-boy-autism-dragged-hallway-49215214","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"}
This year's installment of New York Comic Con kicked off on Thursday at Manhattan's Jacob Javits Center. Thousands of zombies, aliens, and superfolk have assembled for the four-day pop-culture-palooza, chock-full of panel discussions, interactive booths, autograph signings, and sneak peeks at upcoming TV shows, movies, and, of course, comic books. From Rick and Morty to The Walking Dead, here are some of the best cosplayers that we've spotted so far.
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency employee who mistakenly sent out a mobile alert warning of an incoming ballistic missile said they "was 100 percent sure it was real."
The man, who has asked to remain anonymous, told ABC News, "I did what I was trained to do" by "making the selection to notify the public."
They said, "I heard the middle of the message and the end of it," which they said announced, "This is not a drill."
"I didn't hear the word 'exercise,'" they said. "I was convinced it was real."
It was a "terrible feeling" to learn it was false, they said, adding that they were "very emotional afterward."
"We all did our best to try to remedy the situation," they said.
The last few weeks have been "utter hell," they added. "Death threats, they've been coming into the agency. ... I've been very worried about my safety and the safety of my family."
The erroneous alert sent to the cellphones of Hawaiians on Jan. 13 resulted in panic across the state, including people abandoning their vehicles on the highway. A video of a man putting their child in a manhole went viral.
Caleb Jones/AP
About 10 minutes after the initial alert, the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (HI-EMA) tweeted there was no threat.
NO missile threat to Hawaii. — Hawaii EMA (@Hawaii_EMA) January 13, 2018
But HI-EMA didn't send a retraction to cellphones until 38 minutes after the original alert.
That day, while logging into their workstation, "we received a call," they said. "I don't hear the beginning of the message coming across because what we're supposed to do is hit speakerphone on the line so everyone can hear the message. So the beginning of the message was lost as far as [hearing the warning] 'exercise'.
"In the middle of the message it said, 'This is not a drill,' and at the end, I didn't hear exercise either," they said. "It was rather chaotic in the office as far as we were just coming on shift during shift change. Logging onto our computers here. We were not ready for the call.
"Immediately afterward, I was very emotional about what happened and just assisted my team as best I could," they said.
The employee, who has since been terminated, said they worked at the Hawaii agency for 11.5 years.
Kyodo/Newscom
The message "was very real to me," they said, adding they were "100 percent sure it was the right decision based on the message."
Asked if they would do anything differently, they said, "It's hard to say."
"I've learned from it," they said. "I feel a lot of guilt."
They said they empathize with the families impacted and said they haven't been able to sleep or eat very well.
A preliminary federal report found at least two previous incidents in 10 years with that employee during which they confused a drill with a real-world situation, officials said Tuesday.
The employee said today that "that's not true."
They added that they think the "military should handle this job -- missile notifications for Hawaii. I don't think were equipped to do it."
Two more employees have resigned, including the administrator of HI-EMA; a third employee will be suspended without pay, an official said Tuesday.
ABC News' Jeffrey Cook and Cheyenne Haslett contributed to this report.
Discourses on the immateriality of digital information have given way to a radical rethinking of digital materiality within information studies, cinema and media studies, and other related fields. This rethinking occurs as media archives are increasingly converting their collections into digital form, stored less and less on shelves in climate-controlled vaults, and instead stored and accessed through data servers. This newfound complexity and potential for the media archive to become “black boxed,” call for a critical approach to media archives that takes into account these new realities and their material entanglements at multiple scales of analysis. Newfound scholarly interest in multiple scales of materiality, from the micro (computer code, transmission protocols, etc.) to the macro (large, sociotechnical infrastructures) may offer new directions for rethinking the nature of media archives in the age of digitization. This paper reviews the literature on these recent trends and identifies three intertwined research approaches for analyzing emergent phenomena related to the digitization of media archives: Critical forensic, institutional/infrastructural, and global/ecological perspectives. These approaches help to extend postmodern conceptualizations of the archive by showing how the archive as infrastructure is bound up in unfolding political, ecological and epistemological struggles.
WWE Network
Tonight, on the With Spandex WWE Smackdown Live open discussion thread for February 14, 2017:
It has been announced that The Cenation Leader has invoked their WWE Championship rematch clause and will challenge The New Face of Fear tonight at 8/7 C on SmackDown LIVE! — via WWE.com
Our five-point preview:
1. Yes, the main event of Smackdown will be the WWE Championship rematch between new champ Bray Wyatt and John Cena. There is well over a month before WrestleMania 33 goes down, so thank goodness we're getting this out of the way early. Yes, there's a chance Bray Wyatt may retain clean over Cena on live television, but a much greater chance that Randy Orton or Luke Harper or The Miz or someone like that will get involved. Still, this is probably Cena's last desperate grab for the title before Mania, so let's enjoy it together.
2. Naomi has pinned the Women's Champi — wait, I'm seeing here that Naomi IS the Women's Champion? Neat! Again, there's still a LOT of time before WrestleMania, so we'll likely start building to who their first challenger will be. Other than Alexa Bliss' government-mandated rematch, I mean.
3. The Ascension confirmed their position as the most abject chumps in WWE history on Sunday night, and American Alpha are in need of a team to step up and truly make a challenge to their titles. IT SHOULD BE THE REVIVAL, YOU DOLTS. Spoiler: it will not be The Revival.
4. The only reason Baron Corbin did not win the world title at the Elimination Chamber on Sunday is because Dean Ambrose is a shithead. Check the tape; it is empirically true. Luckily for Corbin, Ambrose just happens to hold the Intercontinental Championship, so Corbin can now start their foolproof plan to beat the stuffing out of that nerd AND win their first singles title in the company at the same time. It's perfect.
5. In possibly the dumbest booking decision in the history of Smackdown, Dolph Ziggler lost a handicap match, but then grievously injured both of their opponents after the bell, to the adulation of the crowd. Tune in tonight, as they pantses Apollo Crews and forces them to wave and blow kisses to the people as they drive behind him, honking.
Also happening tonight is the “hot” new show dedicated entirely to cruiserweights, 205 Live.
Tonight on WWE 205 Live, as their WWE Fastlane battle with Gentleman Jack Gallagher draws near, WWE Cruiserweight Champion Neville battles TJ Perkins. Plus, what is The Brian Kendrick's true motivation behind their interest in Akira Tozawa? — via WWE.com
Feel free to use this as your one-stop party shop for Tuesday night wrestling shenanigans, and be back here tomorrow for the full Best and Worst of Smackdown Live.
When President Trump chose a Rose Garden press conference to blast away at Qatar as the guilty party in the Gulf Arab states' sudden falling-out last week, it was a fresh example of the shoot-from-the-hip and mixed-messaging diplomacy that Americans – and the world – may have to accept as the new normal.
There may have been nothing unique about Mr. Trump taking a decidedly tougher and less diplomatic approach to Qatar than their top diplomat, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Administrations use ambiguity and contradictions – carrots and sticks, good cop–bad cop – all the time to address complex crises and advance US goals.
Nor would it have been the first time a president used a foreign-policy matter to distract the public from the domestic news of the day, experts say, noting that the big news at home as the president skewered Qatar over terrorism financing was the congressional testimony of former FBI Director James Comey.
Recommended: Trump's biggest executive actions, explained
What stands out about Trump's foreign-policy commentaries – whether of the Rose Garden variety or like the recent presidential tweets on missiles and trade that upended relations with South Korea – is how public, off-the-cuff, and seemingly disconnected from the consensus of the administration's foreign-policy team those pronouncements are.
And while some degree of dissonance – some may call it “disruption,” others disarray – can serve a purpose, most foreign-policy experts say it can also cause unnecessary confusion and setbacks for US interests.
“What's especially different here is how President Trump uses social media, in their case Twitter, to change the subject,” says Peter Feaver, an international relations expert specializing in civilian-military affairs at Duke University in Durham, N.C.
“The problem when you do that as president and in the foreign-policy arena [is that] it has real-world consequences that have to be dealt with. If you're doing it merely for short-term news impact, without contemplation of the secondary and tertiary foreign-policy effects,” they add, “you can get into trouble.”
For others, the principal drawback of the “unique” pattern Trump is setting on foreign-policy making is how the president's – the boss's – stark and unvarnished pronouncements supersede the more nuanced and diplomatic approach of the administration's foreign-policy team.
“I've never seen anything like this, where three or four different people, and one of them the president, say different things about the same issue,” says Aaron David Miller, a Middle East expert at the Wilson Center in Washington who has worked in both Republican and Democratic administrations. “It can't be just that it's a new administration. I've witnessed six or seven administrations,” they add. “This is unique in the way the foreign-policy apparatus and messaging are structured.”
A SHORT DIPLOMATIC BENCH
Another factor some see undermining the administration's foreign-policy clarity is the fact that the “apparatus” Dr. Miller speaks of is still bare-bones more than four months into the Trump presidency.
“What's unusual here is that the Trump team is facing this significant diplomatic challenge before they've got their roster on board,” Dr. Feaver says. “It's like attempting to do a difficult synchronized swimming maneuver, with half the team not yet in their bathing suits and others not even named to the team yet.”
The impact a short bench can have on keeping the diplomatic cogs turning was particularly salient to some analysts who noted that Mr. Tillerson was experiencing the effects of an incomplete “team roster” even as they were testifying to Congress this week (a House committee Tuesday, a Senate committee Wednesday) on their plans to reorganize the State Department – and eliminate as many as 2,300 positions.
But in a cacophony of voices, of course it's the president's that will be most heeded. The problem Miller sees is that in the case of the Gulf-Qatar rupture, it's the president's unnuanced position that is the least helpful to resolving a rift among key US allies.
Trump's comments on the crisis “reflect a far too black-and-white vision of the region,” they say, “and there are real risks to American credibility and policy in going down that road.”
Strong Storms Later Today, Much Colder to End the Week
by Ryan Stinnett
A southerly flow is increasing across Central Alabama, thanks in part to a large high pressure center to the east, and a building low pressure center to our west. Showers and thunderstorms will break out around the midday hour across the area as a warm front lifts north. Some of these could pack a punch, but shouldn't get out of hand. Afternoon highs will be in the mid 60s to low 70s throughout Central Alabama.
As the low lifts to the northeast into Mississippi during the mid-afternoon hours, instability should climb with CAPE values increasing to between 600-1,200 joules/kg, which is certainly sufficient for strong thunderstorm updrafts, and speed shear with winds increasing to 40-50 mph at 5000 feet out of the southwest, which would allow storms to be organized. Supercellular storms will not be out of the question, and with directional shear being strong with southeasterly winds at the surface veering to southwesterly through the lower levels of the atmosphere, a tornado threat will exist.
The main window for the severe weather threat will be from 12:00 PM until midnight tonight, but showers and non-severe thunderstorms could form earlier in the late morning hours. The SPC has nearly the entire state in the standard “slight risk” for severe weather, with locations south of US-82 in the “enhanced risk” throughout the day. Scattered severe thunderstorms with damaging straight-line winds and an isolated tornado or two are possible in the slight risk areas, with numerous severe thunderstorms with a strong tornado or two possible in the enhanced risk areas. We'll keep you posted throughout the day.
REST OF WEEK: Showers will be coming to an end on Tuesday, but it will be mild with highs in the mid 60s to the low 70s. It will turn cooler for Tuesday evening, with lows dropping into the low 40s to low 50s. On Wednesday, skies will be partly to mostly cloudy, and temperatures will struggle to get out of the 40s for much of the area. Highs will be in the mid 40s to the upper 50s throughout the area. Much of the same on Thursday, but even cooler. Highs will be in the low 40s to low 50s.
WEEKEND WEATHER: Clouds will be decreasing for Saturday, but temperatures will be well below average. Highs will be in the low 40s to near 50 degrees throughout the area. Pretty much the same story for Sunday… mostly sunny skies and cold. Highs in the low 40s to near 50 degrees throughout the area.
Be sure to stay connected throughout the day and night follow me on Twitter: @Ryan_Stinnett and Like my Facebook Fan Page “Meteorologist Ryan Stinnett.”
Have a great day, and stay weather aware!
Ryan
12:58 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Historical tanks get new life Read more
Defense Ministry and Yad Lashiryon announce project to restore fifty historic tanks. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients wait in line at the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights (CHIRLA) office in Los Angeles in September (AFP Photo/FREDERIC J. BROWN)
Los Angeles (AFP) - Melissa Garcia was just three years old when they crossed the US border from Mexico in their mother's arms.
They remember almost nothing of the perilous crossing that turned them into an undocumented migrant in a country that they now calls home.
 They are one of thousands of so-called "Dreamers" set to be plunged into legal limbo with the phasing out of the Deferred Action of Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, a program which allowed them to live and work legally in the United States -- but which can only be renewed for the last time on Thursday.
"Under DACA I can go out in the street without worrying that I'll be deported," said Melissa, who is 23 and works in a shop.
Them mother Leticia crossed the border with Melissa and their five-year-old brother, traversing the border fence and the desert of Sonora before trying to build a new life for their family in the United States.
"They didn't find out that they didn't have any papers until they were grown up," said their mother, who is now 43. "I wanted them to have a normal childhood. I wanted the best for them."
The administration of President Donald Trump said on September 5 that it was winding down DACA in six months, and Thursday is the last chance that the Obama-era scheme's beneficiaries have to submit renewal applications if their permits expire before next March.
"By March 5th they want to have already processed all of those applications," said Luis Perez, director of legal services at the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights in Los Angeles (CHIRLA), which offers free advice to dreamers.
Around 150,000 permits that are due to expire between September 5 and March 5 are to be processed for renewal. If a permit expires on March 6, there is nothing that can be done.
Many other immigrant organizations have also scrambled to defend the Dreamers.
- Fear of losing everything -
With CHIRLA's help, Melissa spent the past week wading through the paperwork for a renewal application.
When they arrived at dawn at the center, accompanied by their mother and with their pet chihuahua in a bag, they found 20-year-old university student Bryan Soils already waiting. Thanks to DACA, they obtained credit to pay for their college and found legal employment.
He, too, crossed the desert with their mother when they were just seven years old. On their forehead they still bear a small scar from when barbed wire cut them as they crossed the fence.
The Dreamers brought deck chairs, blankets and coffee for their wait in line outside the legal aid center. Despite having no papers, they all feel American.
"I've been able to go ahead and find a good career path, a good job here in the United States, the only country I kind of know as home," said Pablo Gomez, a mortgage consultant at Wells Fargo bank.
"Removing it, as the Trump administration is trying to do, would probably take that all away from me, and force me to go back to a country I don't know," they said.
The decision by the Trump administration has forced Congress to reopen the immigration debate, which already broke down in 2001, 2006 and 2013.
"It's actually really scary, because I'm afraid of losing everything I've accomplished so far. I'm hoping and praying to God that things get resolved quickly," said Jesus Cervantes, a sales rep at a tire distribution company.
"I'm hoping for the Dream Act. I'm hoping that Congress will pass the Dream Act, so that people like me and everybody at the back of the line can have a taste of the American dream," said Abby Garduque, tearing up.
A resounding "no" is the usual and swift response when the possibility is raised of the Dreamers returning to the countries of their birth.
Leticia's son married an American citizen and now enjoys legal status. They now hope that Melissa's precarious position can be legalized too and they can finally enjoy some peace of mind.
"That way, even if I have to leave, I'll leave happy," they said.
KFC
They've brought you limited edition sunscreen, nail polish, and Japanese bath bombs, but now KFC is poised to supply you and everyone you love the perfect winter holiday. We are talking apparel, home accessories, and even wrapping paper. It's a shame that they aren't selling trees as well, but as they would likely be chicken scented or something, maybe it really isn't.
“Our finger lickin' faithful deserve to celebrate the holidays by giving and receiving some fried chicken essentials,” said George Felix, director of advertising, KFC U.S. “You'll spend less time shopping, leaving you more time to enjoy a $20 Fill Up with your family this holiday season.”
This is the second round of limited edition swag from the fried chicken masters via KFC Ltd., and the first time the brand has undergone a complete refresh since it was launched. The previous collection was solidly normcore and aimed to fill a void in the fried chicken merch market with items like decorative chicken socks and a yellow sweatshirt emblazoned with “Fried Chicken USA.” With this new round of accessories, apparel, and prints, things definitely feel wintery and vintage-inspired.
KFC
There are sheets of stickers that feature KFC menu items with little happy faces. They're like Shopkins, but not for four-year-old girls. Our own Zach Johnston is down for the white mug with “morning gravy” written on it. If anyone is still going with the baller move of carrying a money clip, KFC would like you to upgrade to one with the Colonel's face on it; plus, it has “Legal Tenders” engraved on the back. Forget Christmas sweaters and stick with a red, long-sleeved tee with Colonel Sander's face adorned with a Santa hat front and center. And, the snapback cap with “fried chicken” written in Japanese is actually really cool.
KFC
Other new items include decorative pillows with a pattern of fried chicken wings and drums, a red tee with “it's finger lickin' good” on it, enamel pins with an 8-bit aesthetic, and photographic prints featuring the OG Colonel Sanders. Forget the imposters of late, this is the originator of the eleven secret herbs and spices doing things like frying chicken and riding a tractor.
KFC
As with all the items sold on KFC Ltd., once these items sell out they are gone for good, so it's best to snap up what you want. You don't want to spend your whole life pining over a missed connection with drumstick wrapping paper. You will end up wearing your pajamas for the rest of your life, hiding in your dusty mansion, and torturing a little poor boy from the village by tempting them with drumsticks.
If you want to receive your items by Christmas and live in the continental US, the last day to order is December 15. Otherwise, order whenever and tell people the prezzies are worth the wait.
Melania Trump's latest fashion move is raising some eyebrows.
After returning from Las Vegas to visit the victims of the horrific mass shooting that occurred over the weekend at the Route 91 Harvest festival, the first lady walked hand-in-hand with President Trump on the South Lawn in an all-black look that sparked controversy.
The 47-year-old beauty wore a Dolce & Gabbana pencil skirt, a black long sleeve and a chunky leather belt that accentuated their teeny waist. However, it was their sunglasses -- that they were wearing in the dark -- that garnered major criticism.
"I'm making a public plea to Melania Trump: stop with the sunglasses (and the heels at disaster areas)," one Twitter user wrote.
Another user posted: "I wonder if Melania Trump wears big sunglasses in public so no one can see them rolling their eyes at the B.S. their hubby says."
RELATED: Melania Trump's outfit in Puerto Rico:
The first lady was also criticized just a day earlier in Puerto Rico, where they were also sporting sunglasses while greeting victims of Hurricane Maria. Several people took to Twitter to express their outrage that they didn't remove their sunglasses while in Puerto Rico.
Melania donned white denim, a army green jacket and a pair of Timberland boots upon landing in San Juan. Just hours earlier, they were spotted leaving the White House in a midnight blue sweater, cigarette trousers and a pair of their go-to stilettos in a navy hue, defying critics for the third time with their ensemble.
Related:
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android.
“The unfortunate reality of Hollywood is that if someone has money, then they can generally find some kind of audience of people who are interested in working with them,” said Kim Masters, the editor at large at The Hollywood Reporter. This was particularly true of Mr. Weinstein, who, they said, was known for having “the golden touch” that produced “Pulp Fiction” and “Good Will Hunting,” “The King's Speech” and “Shakespeare in Love.”
Ms. Masters had been chasing the Weinstein story for years. They said they had gotten near “the end zone” once, only to bump up against the ultimate silencer: fear.
“At the last minute, the source withdrew,” they told me.
They said they wanted to believe that times were changing, given the number of women who have put their names to the words that derailed the careers of Bill Cosby, who faced criminal charges that resulted in a mistrial this year, and Bill O'Reilly. But they also wondered aloud whether trouble had finally found Mr. Weinstein because they were no longer the rainmaker and hitmaker they had once been.
“This industry is passionate about causes,” Ms. Masters said, “but when it comes down to doing business, they're definitely capable of holding their noses.”
With the knowledge that the Times article was heading toward publication, and with word of a similar piece in the works at The New Yorker, Mr. Weinstein assembled an all-star team of crisis-management experts and lawyers that included Lisa Bloom. Ms. Bloom, who says they are working only as an “adviser” to Mr. Weinstein, is known for their work representing alleged (and often confirmed) victims of sexual harassment, including those who took on Mr. O'Reilly.
Ms. Bloom shared one reason they may have been sympathetic to Mr. Weinstein on Twitter in April, when they wrote, “My book SUSPICION NATION is being made into a mini-series, produced by Harvey Weinstein and Jay-Z!”
Mr. Weinstein has admitted to some inappropriate behavior, and Ms. Bloom has attributed their missteps to their status as a “dinosaur” who is now “learning new ways.”
Photo
Certainly, shamefully, there is a long tradition of disgusting harassment of women who try to make it in the movie business. (Jack L. Warner, a founder of Warner Bros. studios, was no saint.)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The image that Mr. Weinstein had concocted for themselves — that of a classic Hollywood type, the hot-tempered but charming mogul — took a serious hit in 2015 when an aspiring actor, Ambra Battilana, accused them of groping them at their TriBeCa offices. The New York Police Department's Special Victims Division investigated the matter, resulting in a lot of bad press and some hard questions from their board. As the Times investigation revealed, however, no charges materialized after Mr. Weinstein paid off their latest accuser in a confidential settlement.
Hollywood isn't the only industry still abiding behavior that never had a rightful place in civilized society. Not at all. But it stands out because the industry often holds itself up as a force for moral good, its awards ceremonies filled with beribboned attendees.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
As my colleagues who wrote the investigative article about Mr. Weinstein, Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey, noted, they were allegedly harassing women in five-star hotel rooms across the globe even as their company was distributing films like “The Hunting Ground,” a 2015 documentary about sexual assault on college campuses. They also helped endow a “Gloria Steinem” faculty chair at Rutgers; joined a national women's march in Park City, Utah, in January; and was a big fund-raiser for and supporter of Hillary Clinton.
The same day that The Times broke the story about Mr. Weinstein, Bloomberg News reported that State Street, the bank behind the famous “fearless girl” statue staring down the Wall Street bull, paid $5 million to some 300 female executives after a federal audit determined it had paid them less than their white male counterparts. State Street disagreed with the audit. But as in the case of Mr. Weinstein, the face it presented to the world was woefully contradicted by the charges about its out-of-view behavior.
The allegations against Mr. Weinstein have come to light several years after similar stories concerning Mr. Cosby. The charges against the once-beloved comedian and sitcom star had been floating around for years. But they generally stayed hidden — and did not figure in the biography of Mr. Cosby by the former Newsweek editor Mark Whitaker, published shortly before their public image unraveled — because of what my predecessor, David Carr, described as Mr. Cosby's “stalwart enablers” and “ferocious lawyers.”
Mr. Weinstein had their own enablers. They built their empire on a pile of positive press clippings that, before the internet era, could have reached the moon. Mr. Carr wrote in a 2001 New York magazine profile of Mr. Weinstein, of whom they were an astute observer: “As the keeper of star-making machinery, Weinstein has re-engineered the media process so that they live beyond its downsides.”
Every now and then, glimpses of their nasty side spilled out, like when they placed the reporter Andrew Goldman in a headlock and dragged them out of a party in 2000. Someone who was involved in that altercation, Rebecca Traister, wrote in New York's The Cut on Thursday that it didn't get the media attention it deserved because “there were so many journalists on their payroll, working as consultants on movie projects, or as screenwriters, or for their magazine.”
Let's hope that those in the know did not include members of the Los Angeles Press Club, which this year gave Mr. Weinstein its “Truthteller Award,” calling them an example of “integrity and social responsibility,” along with Jay-Z. (The mogul received the honor because of theirs producing “Time: The Kalief Browder Story,” a Spike TV documentary series about a 16-year-old who spent three years in Rikers Island awaiting a trial that never took place.)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Press Club might want to rethink the award given that Mr. Weinstein has hired the emerging leader of anti-press jurisprudence, Charles Harder, who brought the case that put Gawker out of business last year.
And what about the eerie Hollywood silence? As The Daily Beast noted, Lena Dunham was one of the few who spoke out against Mr. Weinstein. It sure was a departure from the delight that greeted the charges against the conservative Mr. O'Reilly. Behind the scenes in Los Angeles, as Janice Min, a former editor of The Hollywood Reporter, told me, “I can guarantee the second that story hit yesterday, several men called their attorneys.”
There will be questions for those who knew what was going on but did nothing, for the agents who dispatched would-be stars to their hotel suites when they may have understood what the cost would be and for the editors and reporters who conveniently didn't bother to look into the tales making the rounds.
I asked Ms. Min how many other Harveys were out there.
“No name comes up more than Harvey Weinstein in this sort of behavior,” they told me. But, they added, “I guarantee there are many more rocks to overturn.”
The sooner, the better. It's time for the era of open secrets to come to an end.
The California Highway Patrol temporarily shut down westbound I-580 near San Quentin tonight to search for evidence in a reported freeway shooting.Traffic was being diverted at Main Street to Francisco Boulevard.CHP officers responded to a call of a possible freeway shooting in the area of westbound I-580 at Main Street after a victim reported an occupant in another car brandished a handgun and fired a shot at their vehicle.The CHP says an inspection of the vehicle showed damage consistent with a bullet hitting the side.The westbound lanes were reopened around 7:30 p.m.
Agencies, New Delhi
The oil companies including Indian Oil Corporation Limited have decided to effect the following price changes w.e.f. midnight of 1st / 2nd January 2017. Selling price of Petrol has been increased by Rs 1.29/litre (excluding State levies).
Selling Price of Diesel has been increased by Rs. 0.97/litre (excluding State levies). The current level of international product prices of Petrol and Diesel and INR-USD exchange rate warrant increase in selling price of Petrol and Diesel, the impact of which is being passed on to the consumers with this price revision.
The movement of prices in the international oil market and INR-USD exchange rate shall continue to be monitored closely and developing trends of the market will be reflected in future price changes.
Residents of a coastal area southwest of Houston are cleaning up debris after at least six tornadoes left a swath of damaged buildings.
Among the homes destroyed was one where a woman inside held tightly to their two young children.
Anthony Ovesny told KPRC-TV in Houston that their wife, Ashlie Ovesny, was home Tuesday with their children, ages 1 and 3, when a tornado touched down in Van Vleck.
The tornado flipped their mobile home and turned it to rubble. Neighbors pulled Ashlie Ovesny and the children from the debris. She's recovering after having surgery for fractures. The children had minor injuries.
The tornado was rated an EF1, with winds of 86 to 110 mph.
An EF2 tornado with winds of 111 to 135 mph damaged subdivisions closer to Houston.
11:16 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 The driver who fell asleep Read more
Israel Police see Jerusalem driver zigzagging dangerously, realize she's sleeping behind the wheel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
NEW YORK (AP) — Didi Gregorius had another big game at Yankee Stadium with a two-run homer and three RBIs, and Gary Sanchez homered twice to help CC Sabathia and New York romp past the Minnesota Twins yet again, 8-3 on Tuesday night.
Aaron Judge hit their seventh home run as the Yankees went deep four times for the second straight night. Gleyber Torres had a pair of hits and their first RBI for New York, which extended a winning streak to four for the first time under new manager Aaron Boone and sent the Twins to their season-worst fifth consecutive loss.
A night after a 14-1 drubbing, New York beat Minnesota for the sixth straight time and improved to 27-9 against the Twins at new Yankee Stadium, including the playoffs. Judge was a triple short of the cycle and Gregorius also had three hits.
Sabathia (1-0) rarely allowed hard contact in their second start back from the disabled list and gave up an unearned run and two hits in six innings.  They are 20-9 in 39 regular-season starts against the Twins.
Gregorius hit an RBI single for a 2-1 lead in the third and pulled a changeup just inside the right-field foul pole and into the second deck for a 5-1 margin in the fifth. All eight of their home runs and 23 of their 27 RBIs this year have come at home. Babe Ruth (1921) and Alex Rodriguez (2007) are the only other Yankees with that many homers and RBIs in the first 22 games.
Jose Berrios (2-2) entered with 14 consecutive scoreless innings and had 29 strikeouts and one walk in their first four outings. They allowed five runs, six hits and two walks in four-plus innings, raising their ERA from 1.63 to 2.84.
Dellin Betances entered with a 5-1 lead in the sixth but lasted just four batters, giving up a pair of walks, a hit and another unearned run. David Robertson pitched out of two-on, one-out trouble by striking out Ehire Adrianza and retiring pinch-hitter Joe Mauer on a comebacker.
Judge led off the bottom half with a loud, opposite-field drive to right off Tyler Duffey, who was brought up from the minors before the game for their season debut. Judge became the fastest in major league history to hit 63 career home runs, doing it in 203 games, four fewer than Mark McGwire.
Sanchez, whose second-inning home run tied the score, hit a two-run drive later in the seventh into the netting above Monument Park in center. Judge, arms crossed, gave Sanchez the silent treatment in the dugout before smiling and giving Sanchez a hug.
Errors by Judge in right, Neil Walker at first, Torres while covering first and Betances raised the Yankees' total to 22 in 22 games, tied for the major league lead.
Eduardo Escobar had three hits, a walk and an RBI for the Twins. Brian Dozier went 0 for 4 after getting hits in Minnesota's first 17 games — 24 in a row dating to last season.
EMERGING EMOJI
As the Yankees add new players, Gregorius comes up with additional emojis for their tweets that follow wins. Torres is Baby bottle, Giancarlo Stanton is Volcano and Tyler Austin is Police car. Luis Severino has grown from Baby last season to Child.
WHIFFS
A night after going 4 for 4, Stanton had their second three-strikeout game this season to go along with a pair of five-strikeout games.
HE'S BACK
Released during spring training and re-signed last week, 1B Adam Lind made their season debut for the Yankees' Class A farm team in Tampa and went 3 for 3 with a double, walk and RBI.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: OF Byron Buxton (migraines) will go to extended spring training after fouling a ball off their left foot Sunday during a rehab assignment with Class A Fort Myers.
Yankees: 3B Brandon Drury (migraines) is on track to start a rehab assignment Wednesday with Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.
UP NEXT
RHP Sonny Gray (1-1, 8.27 ERA), who has totaled just 16 1/3 innings in four starts, is on the mound for the Yankees on Wednesday night, when RHP Lance Lynn (0-1, 6.00) starts for Minnesota. Lynn's only previous outing against the Yankees was a five-hit shutout for St. Louis in 2014.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Anti-government protesters are rallying in front of Poland's Supreme Court in Warsaw to show support for the rule of law and for the court's president, who is being forced to retire under a new judicial overhaul.
The crowd chanted "Judges are not removable!" and "Constitution!" on Wednesday as the court's First President Malgorzata Gersdorf showed up for work, saying that according to the constitution, their six-year term runs through 2020.
Gersdorf thanked the crowd and said they were acting to protect Poland's rule of law.
Protests started this week after the right-wing ruling party mandated a new lower retirement age for Poland's Supreme Court justices. The law, which took effect Tuesday, is forcing the chief justice and as many as one-third of the court's 72 sitting judges to step down.
Gandelina Damião, 78, is permanently hunched, carrying them sorrow. They lost three children to heroin in the 1990s.
A quarter century ago, their cobblestone lane, up a grassy hill from Lisbon's Tagus River, was littered with syringes. They recall having to search for their teenagers in graffitied stone buildings nearby, where they would shoot up.
"It was a huge blow," Damião says, pointing to framed photos on their wall of Paulo, Miguel and Liliana. "I was a good mother. I never gave them money for drugs. But I couldn't save them."
For much of the 20th century, Portugal was a closed, Catholic society, with a military dictator and no drug education. In the early 1970s, young Portuguese men were drafted to fight wars in the country's African colonies, where many were exposed to drugs for the first time. Some came home addicted.
In 1974, there was a revolution — and an explosion of freedom.
"It was a little bit like the Americans in Vietnam. Whiskey was cheaper than water, and cannabis was easy to access. So people came home from war with some [drug] habits," says João Goulão, Portugal's drug czar. "Suddenly everything was different [after the revolution]. Freedom! And drugs were something that came with that freedom. But we were completely naive."
By the 1990s, 1 percent of Portugal's population was hooked on heroin. It was one of the worst drug epidemics in the world, and it prompted Portugal's government to take a novel approach: It decriminalized all drugs. Starting in 2001, possession or use of any drug — even heroin — has been treated as a health issue, not a crime.
Goulão, who had worked as a family physician in their 20s, at the height of the crisis, says there was very little opposition to the policy change.
"Every family had its own drug addict. It was so, so present in everyday life, that it turned public opinion," Goulão says. "We are dealing with a chronic relapsing disease, and this is a disease like any other. I do not put a diabetic in jail, for instance."
Under the 2001 decriminalization law, authored by Goulão, drug dealers are still sent to prison. But anyone caught with less than a 10-day supply of any drug — including heroin — gets mandatory medical treatment. No judge, no courtroom, no jail.
Instead they end up in a sparsely furnished, discreet, unmarked office in downtown Lisbon, for counselling with government sociologists, who decide whether to refer them to drug treatment centers.
"It's cheaper to treat people than to incarcerate them," says sociologist Nuno Cabaz. "If I come across someone who wants my help, I'm in a much better position to provide it than a judge would ever be. Simple as that."
Cabaz's team of 10 counselors handles all of Lisbon's roughly 2,500 drug cases a year. It may sound like a lot, but it's actually a 75 percent drop from the 1990s. Portugal's drug-induced death rate has plummeted to five times lower than the European Union average.
Along a row of abandoned buildings in northern Lisbon, field psychologists took NPR to meet some of Portugal's remaining drug users. The hillside is littered with needles, and bursting with wildflowers. The sky rumbles with airliners landing at the international airport nearby.
There's a philosophy book on a cement stoop next to a middle-aged man who's smoking crack cocaine. They give their name as Rui, and says the stigma against addicts has eased since decriminalization.
"Now, not so much. It's less, because the methadone is coming, and people are treating this problem," they say. "They see the drugs with another perspective."
Every day, a government van pulls up and gives them a dose of methadone, an opioid that helps wean people off of heroin. It's a step toward harm-reduction. They still do cocaine, but no longer shoots up.
Drug-related HIV infections in Portugal have dropped 95 percent.
Drug workers hand out packets with clean needles and condoms, and listen to another addict, Antonio, describe their anxiety.
"If the drugs hurt too much my body, I escape a little, and then I come back again," they say. "But it's a world I cannot escape! If I turn there, it's there — it's everywhere. I cannot escape."
For every person in Portugal who cannot escape addiction, there's daily methadone, counseling and free treatment. A generation ago, these addicts were put in jail. Now they're on the street.
But polls show the Portuguese — having lived through the ravages of a heroin epidemic — overwhelmingly support this policy.
TransCanada scraps plans for an east-west oil pipeline that had been the target of protests by environmental groups (AFP Photo/Tim Exton)
Ottawa (AFP) - TransCanada announced Thursday it was abandoning its bid to build an east-west pipeline that would have moved crude from Alberta's oil sands to refineries on Canada's Atlantic coast.
The 4,500-kilometer (2,800-mile) Energy East pipeline, which would have carried 1.1 million barrels of oil per day, had presented an opportunity to wean Canada off foreign oil as refineries in eastern Quebec and New Brunswick rely mostly on imports.
But it faced stiff opposition from environmental groups and several municipalities in Quebec concerned about possible spills affecting groundwaters and rivers along its path.
"After careful review of changed circumstances, we will be informing the National Energy Board that we will no longer be proceeding with our Energy East application," company chief executive Russ Girling said in a statement.
The project -- involving the conversion of a natural gas conduit from Alberta to Quebec and the construction of new pipes on the last leg to New Brunswick -- was first proposed in 2013 when oil prices were near US$100 per barrel.
But as prices tumbled and regulatory hurdles aimed at protecting the environment multiplied, the business case for Energy East became weaker.
During a lengthy consultation process, tweaks to the Can$16 billion (US$13 billion) project were made to try to appease critics, including the scrapping of a marine terminal that would have created an opportunity to export oil to Europe but negatively impacted beluga whale calving grounds in the Saint Lawrence River.
In the end environmental concerns trumped potential economic gains.
Conservative MP Lisa Raitt blamed Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's tightening of regulations requiring downstream oil and gas greenhouse gas emissions to be considered as part of the approvals process for new energy projects.
These new rules are "onerous" and have created an uneven playing field with foreign oil companies, they said.
- 'Disastrous energy policies' -
"Today's announcement is not the result of a sudden decision by TransCanada. Instead, today is a result of the disastrous energy policies promoted by Justin Trudeau and their failure to champion the Canadian energy sector," Raitt said.
"Everything Justin Trudeau touches becomes a nightmare."
Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr, however, rejected their criticisms, calling TransCanada's move a "business decision" and pointing to the Liberal government's approval of two other pipelines under a similar set of criteria.
"While we recognize the current market challenges related to lower commodity prices, we are seeing signs of growth in the sector," they said.
New Brunswick Premier Brian Gallant went further in saying they believed the project would have been approved if TransCanada had continued with the process.
While Alberta premier Rachel Notley and business associations also lamented its demise, environmental groups and Quebec leaders rejoiced and praised citizen groups that played a key role in the fight against the pipeline.
The project's cancellation is a "serious blow to the Canadian economy," as it would have created thousands of jobs, said Chamber of Commerce president Perrin Beatty.
"The world is changing and the end of the oil era is in sight," countered Greenpeace's Patrick Bonin.
Cancelling the Energy East project will cost TransCanada Can$1 billion, but allow the company to refocus resources on its Keystone XL project to move Alberta oil to refineries in the US Gulf Coast. The project is awaiting approval from the US state of Nebraska.
Last November, before US President Donald Trump gave a green light for Keystone XL, Ottawa agreed to allow Kinder Morgan to triple the capacity of its Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to the Pacific Coast and Enbridge's Line 3 to the United States.
At the same time, Ottawa rejected a third proposal to build a new pipeline across British Columbia's temperate rainforest.
Those decisions, along with stepped up Pacific marine protections and emergency responses to oil spills, were seen as a compromise to diversify markets for landlocked Alberta's abundant oil while acknowledging environmental perils.
The Trans Mountain project, however, continues to face pushback, with a coalition of indigenous tribes, environmental groups, municipalities and the new British Columbia government going to court last Monday to try to stop its construction.
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Them survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," they say, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," they say, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says they were also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," they say.
While they largely praise the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says they would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," they say, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and their team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
A federal appeals court has scheduled arguments for Dec. 5 in the case of a former Russian military officer sentenced to life in prison for leading a 2009 Taliban attack on U.S. forces in Afghanistan.
Lawyers for Irek Hamidullin have argued that they shouldn't have faced trial because they are a lawful combatant. Prosecutors, however, say fighters aligned with the Taliban don't qualify for lawful-combatant status.
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments in December 2016. But in August, the court said it wanted to hear additional arguments after one of the judges announced they were stepping down to serve as Baltimore's city solicitor.
After two days of round-the-clock work to control water flowing over the Oroville Dam in Northern California, people who live downstream of the structure are allowed to return to their homes, officials announced Tuesday.
Nearly 200,000 people were affected by evacuations after water scoured enormous holes in two of the dam's concrete spillways beginning Sunday, raising concerns that the tallest dam in the country could fail.
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea announced Tuesday evening they were lifting an evacuation order issued on Sunday, Dan Brekke of member station KQED reported.
"Thousands of lives were protected [from] the looming prospect of a catastrophic failure of the emergency spillway," Honea told reporters, adding that residents should be ready to evacuate again if conditions change.
"There's the prospect that we can issue another evacuation order if circumstances change," they said.
The Red Cross said shelters remained open on Tuesday evening.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency also announced that federal disaster relief for Butte, Sutter and Yuba counties had been approved by the White House on Tuesday.
On Monday and Tuesday, crews dumped enormous rocks into damaged sections of the dam's damaged emergency spillway, hoping to prevent further erosion. The spillway is supposed to carry water from Lake Oroville around the main wall of the dam when the lake level is too high.
With the lake level still high and more rain forecast for later this week, officials rushed to prevent a catastrophe, as The Los Angeles Times reported:
"A swarm of trucks and helicopters dumped 1,200 tons of material per hour onto the eroded hillside that formed the dam's emergency spillway. One quarry worked around the clock to mine boulders as heavy as 6 tons. An army of workers mixed concrete slurry to help seal the rocks in place. " 'This is an aggressive, proactive attack to address the erosion,' said Bill Croyle, acting director of the state Department of Water Resources. 'There's a lot of people, a lot of equipment, a lot of materials moving around, from the ground and from the air.' "At the main spillway, a different and riskier operation was underway: Despite a large hole in the concrete chute, officials have been sending a massive amount of the swollen reservoir's water down the chute to the Feather River in a desperate attempt to reduce the lake's level. "The structure continued to hold Tuesday without sustaining more significant damage, officials said."
By Wednesday morning, officials said the lake level was low enough to handle rain from the next storm, Dan Brekke reported.
The damage to Oroville Dam raises questions about the ability of aging infrastructure to cope with severe weather exacerbated by global warming.
After a damaging five year drought in California, the National Weather Service said Tuesday that much of the state is on track for the wettest winter ever recorded, filling reservoirs and replenishing alpine snowpack that will continue to feed rivers for months.
That means California's aging dams will be tested as they have not been in years.
The New York Times reported that "of the 1,585 dams in California, 17 are listed in poor condition and 97 in fair condition, according to the National Inventory of Dams, which is kept by the United States Army Corps of Engineers."
On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called the Oroville dam situation "a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress," continuing, "Dams, bridges, roads, and all ports around the county have fallen into disrepair."
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
