UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
April 6 P&F Industries Inc:
* P&F Industries Inc says anticipate that this acquisition will be immediately accretive to earnings
* P&F Industries Inc - purchase price consisted of approximately $7 million in cash and assumption of certain payables and contractual obligations
* P&F Industries Inc- in addition, seller may be entitled to up to $1 million in additional contingent consideration
* P&F Industries Inc acquires Jiffy Air Tool Inc
* P&F Industries Inc says purchase price consisted of approximately $7 million in cash and assumption of certain payables and contractual obligations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Happy lady with hands up
End
--Conception is coming to Chicago for the first time and setting up shop at Dovetail Brewery from 5 to 10 p.m. Saturday, June 24. Satisfy your aesthetic appetite with 30 of Chicago's best emerging visual artists and indulge your taste buds with food by DönerMen food truck and delicious craft food from Dovetail.Purchase tickets here: https://conceptionarts.com/show/32623667267/Chicago.Conception is a global movement striving to make a difference for each artist who participates and for the community at large. Their mission is to reshape and reenergize artistic communities around the world by inspiring ideas and providing a greenhouse for creativity. The organization's award winning art events and festivals take place throughout the U.S and Europe and have been featured in The Wall St. Journal, Paper Magazine and ABC News. In addition to showing off fantastic works of art, these exhibits allow collectors a unique opportunity to purchase and network directly with the artists.Ravenswood's "Malt Row" is home to one of the country's most prolific craft brewing communities and to celebrate, the area's breweries are hosting the second annual Ravenswood On Tap craft beer festival. The two-day outdoor event will feature beer and spirits from local breweries, grub from some of Chicago's favorite restaurants and food trucks, a lineup of original live music and handmade goods from local retailers and artists, making it the perfect place to enjoy the weekend. Bring a friend or the whole crew and join Dovetail and other fantastic craft breweries including Andersonville Brewing, Band of Bohemia, Begyle Brewing Co., Empirical Brewery, Greenstar Brewing, Half Acre Beer Company, KOVAL Distillery and Spiteful Brewing. The event takes place Saturday, June 24th from 1-9 p.m. and Sunday, June 25th from 1-6 p.m. at Ravenswood and Berteau. For more information, or to volunteer to work the event, visit http://ravenswoodchicago.org/ ontap/ June marks the return of Dovetail's brews: the Grodziskie (just for the summer) and Vienna Lager.Named after the town in Poland where it was first brewed, the Grodziskie is a 100% smoked wheat beer with light, citrus-like overtones and a surprising hint of spice and smoke in the back notes. Pale straw in color, with a feisty effervescence, it is more carbonated than Dovetail's Hefeweizen and lower in alcohol (3.8%). Grodziskie is served with a lush head of foam that laces the glass beautifully with every sip; this beer is the perfect refreshment during a hot summer day.The Vienna Lager is copper in color with a warm, malty character. Brewed with 100% Vienna malt and Styrian Golding hops, this lager has a higher alcohol content, at 5.1%, than the Grodziskie.The good times keep rolling. Dovetail has a ton of fun events coming up and will be at some of Chicago's most popular events. Keep your eyes and ears open for more information.July 7-July 9—Square Roots Fest (Lincoln Square)July 21—Ravinia Event (Ravinia)July 29—S. Loop Beer & Cider Fest (S. Loop)August 19—Oak Park Micro Brew Fest (S. Loop)August 25—Friday Night Flights (North Center)September 23-September 24—Oktoberfestiversary (Dovetail Brewery)September 30—Beer in the Woods (LaBagh Woods)September 30—Riverside Beer Fest (Riverside)Dovetail Brewery, located at 1800 W. Belle Plaine in Chicago, Illinois, is a craft brewery owned by brewers Hagen Dost and Bill Wesselink, specializing in delicious, balanced beers brewed using traditional German and Belgian brewing methods. Signature beers include unfiltered German-style lagers, traditional Hefeweizen, Rauchbier and Lambic-style sour beers. Dovetail Brewery also produces a variety of special seasonal beers.Taproom hours are Tuesday, 2 pm-10 pm; Wednesday, 2 pm-10 pm; Thursday, 2 pm-10 pm; Friday, 12 pm-11 pm; Saturday, 11 am-11 pm; Sunday, 12 pm-8 pm.Tours are available every Saturday, 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. $15 per person. Space is limited. No reservations. Come early (doors open at 10:30 a.m.)!The 22,000-square foot brewing facility includes an attractive tap room that is open to the public for drinking and retail sales. The tap room is also available as a rental space for private events.Dovetail Brewery delivers beer by the keg to venues near the brewery and also to some select venues closer to the Loop. All bars, taverns and restaurants in the greater Chicagoland area that wish to serve Dovetail beer on tap are welcome to pick up kegs, in two sizes, at the brewery during normal business hours.See what passionate beer lovers and industry professionals are saying about Dovetail: https://www.newsline360.com/ dovetailbrewery/ itn/ For more information about Dovetail Brewery, please visit the brewery's website at http://dovetailbrewery.com, their newsroom at http://www.newsline360.com/dovetailbrewery or contact Bill Wesselink (mailto:bill@dovetailbrewery.com)or Hagen Dost (mailto:hagen@dovetailbrewery.com)by email. For information about special events, promotions and private events, contact Adrianne Dost (mailto:adrianne@dovetailbrewery.com). For additional information, call 773-683-1414.Follow Dovetail Brewery on Twitter (https://twitter.com/dovetailbrewchi;@DovetailBrewChi)Follow Dovetail Brewery on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/DovetailBrewery/?ref=br_tf)Follow Dovetail Brewery on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/dovetailbrewery/)
LONDON Booker (BOK.L), the British wholesaler that has agreed to a 3.7 billion pound ($4.6 billion) takeover by Tesco (TSCO.L), said quarterly sales growth had slowed, with tobacco sales hurt by a shop display ban and plain packaging restrictions.
Chief Executive Charles Wilson said they remained enthusiastic about the prospect of merging with Tesco, Britain's biggest retailer, as agreed in January despite investor concerns.
Tesco's third and fourth largest investors, Schroders (SDR.L) and Artisan Partners, this week called on the supermarket group to withdraw its offer, saying it was overpaying and the deal was a distraction to its turnaround plan.
"We are excited about the benefits the enlarged group will bring to consumers, our customers, suppliers, colleagues and shareholders," said Wilson, noting the deal was currently going through the competition process. Wilson will become a Tesco director once the deal goes through.
Booker, which supplies the Budgens, Londis, Happy Shopper and Premier convenience chains and also operates cash and carry business Makro, said group sales rose 0.5 percent in the 12 weeks to March 24, while like-for-like sales were up 0.7 percent in the period, the last quarter of its financial year.
That is a marked slowdown from like-for-like sales growth of 3.2 percent in the previous three months. Tobacco sales were down 7.5 percent in the latest period.
Shares in Booker, up 13.4 percent so far this year, were up 0.2 percent at 199.5p at 0845 GMT. The Tesco cash and share offer values the stock at around 207p, based on current prices.
DEAL IN FOCUS
Analysts pointed out that while tobacco is a high turnover business for Booker it has little impact on profit.
"We continue to expect the Tesco deal to complete despite concerns expressed by two of the leading shareholders," said Peel Hunt analyst Charles Hunt, who has a "Buy" rating on the stock.
"These numbers should reassure that Booker provides stronger growth than the food retailers as well as access to the foodservice market for Tesco," they added.
Prior to the update, analysts' average forecast was for a pretax profit of 171.3 million pounds for the 2016-17 year, up from 150.8 million pounds in 2015-16, according to Reuters data.
Total sales for the year were 5.3 billion pounds, up 6.7 percent.
Tesco, responding to the dissenting shareholders, has said it was "completely committed" to the deal.
Tesco is looking to increase its exposure to Britain's 85 billion pounds "out of home" food market, including cafes, restaurants and takeaways, which is growing at a greater pace than the 110 billion pound "eat at home" market.
Though Tesco and Booker maintain they have a compelling competition case the deal is expected to face intense scrutiny from Britain's competition authorities as it will increase Tesco's influence on the overall UK grocery market where it already has a 28 percent share.
Although both companies are currently engaging with Britain's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA), it is yet to formally confirm the start of a Phase 1 investigation.
($1 = 0.8044 pounds)
(Reporting by James Davey; Editing by David Evans/Keith Weir)
Aimia suspends dividend payments
June 14 Data-driven marketing and loyalty analytics company Aimia Inc suspended all dividend payments on Wednesday, a month after Air Canada announced a plan to replace the company's loyalty program with its own.
* Piraeus posts 18 mln euro loss in Q4
* Full-year 2016 loss shrinks to 4 mln from 1.85 bln in 2015
* Non-performing loans drop to 37.5 pct of book (Adds deputy CEO comment, details)
By George Georgiopoulos
ATHENS, March 31 Piraeus Bank, Greece's largest lender by assets, tumbled to a fourth-quarter loss after booking higher bad debt provisions, the only one of the country's big four banks that was not profitable in the last three months of 2016.
Piraeus, which is 26.2 percent owned by the country's bank rescue fund HFSF, reported a net loss of 18 million euros ($19 million) after net profit of 31 million euros in the third quarter.
For 2016 as a whole, Piraeus lost 4.0 million euros after a loss of 1.85 billion in 2015.
Greek banks are struggling with problem loan portfolios after a deep, protracted recession pushed unemployment to record highs, making it hard for borrowers to service their debts.
Banks entered the 2008 global financial crisis with bad loans, or non-performing exposures (NPEs), of 14.5 billion euros, about 5.5 percent of their loan books. NPEs rose to 106.9 billion euros, or 51 percent, last year.
Banks have agreed with regulators on ambitious bad debt reduction targets over three years. They aim to cut their NPEs to 66.7 billion euros by 2019 from 106.9 billion in September, to bring their ratio to 34 percent from 51 percent.
"Despite the negative headwinds in the first months of 2017, similar to those experienced in early 2016, Piraeus is cautiously optimistic on delivering against 2017 targets - enhance asset quality, liquidity and achieve profitability," Deputy CEO George Poulopoulos said in a statement.
The group, with a current market value of 1.53 billion euros, said bad debt provisions rose to 310 million euros in October-December from 242 million in the third quarter.
Non-performing loans (NPLs) dropped to 37.5 percent of its book at the end of December from 38.8 percent in the previous quarter and by 2.5 billion euros year-on-year to 24.4 billion.
Cash coverage of these loans, in arrears for more than 90 days, improved by two percentage points to 69.5 percent. A wider measure, non-performing exposures (NPEs), which includes NPLs and restructured loans likely to turn bad, stood at 52 percent of its total loans at end-December.
On the liquidity front, Piraeus reduced its central bank borrowing by 16.4 billion euros last year to 20.9 billion euros.
Funding from the domestic central bank's emergency liquidity assistance (ELA) window came down by 5 billion euros to 11.9 billion at the end of last year. (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos and Lefteris Papadimas; Editing by Mark Potter)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 20 Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corp :
* Great Lakes announces receipt of $17 million award on the west coast
* Great Lakes Dredge & Dock - receipt of $17 million award, with about $3 million in additional options, for corps of engineers west coast regional contract
* Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corp - work is expected to commence during Q2 of this year and to be completed by end of year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Tianjin Xinmao Science & Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 FY 2017 to decrease by 67.87 percent to 76.64 percent, compared to net profit of Q1 FY 2016 (17.1 million yuan)
* Says revenue from disposal of unit in the same period last year as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/eoIxvF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LONDON Britain's National Grid (NG.L) expects low demand for electricity this summer and that there could be times when there is more generation than needed, the grid operator said on Thursday.
Summer electricity demand from the grid has been falling over the past few years due in part to a rapid increase in the amount of solar power generation on people's homes and factory roofs.
In its summer outlook report, National Grid said peak transmission system demand for high summer (June-August) was forecast at 35.7 gigawatts (GW) and the summer minimum at 17.3 GW.
"In order to balance the system, we will need to curtail flexible generation this summer. It may also be necessary to instruct inflexible generators to reduce their output during these periods of low demand," the report said.
To prepare for the low demand National Grid, earlier this year secured 139 megawatts of "demand turn up" capacity through which firms are paid to either use electricity or produce less power during the summer months when output is high from renewable energy sources such as wind and solar.
Under the scheme the companies will conduct some operations overnight or at midday when there is a lot of renewable generation, or cut their electricity output when demand is weak.
As a part of the tender, companies were required to prove they need to carry out such operations and that the electricity would not be wasted.
The scheme was also open to small scale power generators that can also reduce their output at short notice, such as combined heat and power units, which generate electricity as a by-product of heating.
National Grid also forecast Britain's total gas demand for summer at 34 billion cubic metres, down 5.6 percent on last year partly due to a reduction in demand from gas-fired power stations.
Demand for gas storage is also expected to drop due to a prolonged outage at Britain's largest gas storage site Rough, National Grid said.
Gas is traditionally stored during the summer months to be used during winter when demand and prices are higher.
Centrica (CNA.L) owned Rough, which accounts for around 70 percent of Britain's storage capacity, will not be available for gas injection until at least July 1 because of tests on wells at the site.
(Reporting By Susanna Twidale and Nina Chestney, editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
April 2 Roger Federer continued their recent mastery of Rafa Nadal when they beat their great rival 6-3 6-4 in the final of the Miami Open on Sunday.
Federer, peerless this year after returning from a six-month injury absence, broke once in each set on the Crandon Park hardcourt for their fourth consecutive victory over the Spaniard.
Nadal still leads their career head-to-head record at 23-14, due entirely to their superiority on clay, but Federer now leads 10-9 on hardcourt.
Federer improved to 19-1 this year, winning the Australian Open in five sets over Nadal, and Paribas Open in straight sets over Stan Wawrinka.
Their only loss was at the hands of Russian Evgeny Donskoy in the second round in Dubai. (Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry)
* Dollar turns positive against yen in European trade
* Investor anxiety ahead of Trump-Xi meet cap DXY gains
* Czech crown implied vol. vs. euro at 9 month-high
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, April 5 The dollar edged up against the yen in European trading on Wednesday but fell short of broader gains after North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile ahead of a key meeting between U.S. and Chinese leaders.
Pyongyang's missile launch came a day before talks on economic and security issues between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, pressuring the dollar in Asian trade as investors sought refuge in the perceived safety of the Japanese currency.
The greenback turned positive in morning London trade, rising 0.2 percent to 110.99 yen, but remained far shy of last Friday's 10-day peak of 112.19 yen.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a trade-weighted basket of six peers, rose slightly to 100.54 , but anxiety about the upcoming U.S.-China meeting on top of a risk-off mood this week kept it from further gains.
Trump's consistently harsh rhetoric on China has raised concerns about Thursday's summit among investors, as has speculation that the U.S. president will face challenges implementing their promised growth-boosting policies after their administration failed to pass healthcare reform.
"Part of the pressure we've seen on the dollar this morning was the firing of the missile by North Korea, which has been weighing on risk sentiment," said Alexandra Russell-Oliver, currency analyst at Caxton FX in London.
"It's a combination of those factors and the ongoing questions about the Trump trade and how effective Trump's policies will be and how easily he'll be able to pass spending and tax measures."
Investors were also on the watch for U.S. economic data and minutes from the U.S. Federal Reserve's March policy meeting for clues about the pace of future interest-rate rises.
Employment data from private data firm ADP, a services purchasing manager's index from the Institute for Supply Management (ISM), and the Fed's minutes were due later on Wednesday.
The euro was off slightly, down 0.1 percent to $1.0670 .
Investors also kept a close eye on the Czech crown amid rising speculation that the Czech central bank could drop the currency's cap against the euro.
The cost of hedging against volatility in the crown against the euro over the next 24 hours jumped to its highest in over nine months.
"I think they (Czech National Bank) are telegraphing it (dropping the cap), so they must have an intention of removing it," said Stephen Gallo, currency strategist with BMO Capital Markets in London.
"I suspect that they're watching very closely the events taking place in France though, ahead of the presidential elections (on April 23 and May 7). I doubt they'll remove it before we get a result there."
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, greets supporters during in the first round of 2017 French presidential election at a polling station in Le Touquet, northern France, April 23,... REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
BERLIN German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Sunday welcomed the projected success of centrist Emmanuel Macron in the first round of the French election, saying they were sure Macron would become the next French president.
"I am certain that Emmanuel Macron will be the next president of France. Great for Europe," Gabriel told reporters in Jordan. Gabriel, a Social Democrat, tweeted their congratulations, saying, "Felicitations à @EmmanuelMacron. Vive la France, vive l'Europe!"
Gabriel, who had taken the unusual step of endorsing Macron, said they would do all they could to continue supporting him.
"He was the only really pro-European candidate who didn't hide behind stereotypes about Europe," Gabriel said. "I'm certain that they will put right-wing radicalism, right-wing populism and anti-Europeans in their place in the second round."
German politicians from across the spectrum echoed Gabriel's views, but some said they remained concerned about the combined strength of the anti-European vote.
Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen are leading in the official vote count in France's presidential election with about 38-39 percent of votes counted so far, official figures from the Interior Ministry showed on Sunday.
Conservative candidate Francois Fillon, who failed to qualify for the runoff, urged their supporters to back Macron.
"Macron's good results, and those of Fillon, are an encouraging signal for the future of Europe," said Juergen Hardt, foreign policy spokesperson for Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives in parliament.
"Now it's essential that pro-European powers work together and prevail," they added.
Martin Schulz, the Social Democrat candidate to challenge Merkel in Germany's September election, said they hoped Macron would win the second round with a broad majority to defeat the "anti-European and openly racist candidate Marine Le Pen".
"We cannot underestimate the mobilisation required to ensure that Macron also wins the second round ... That's what has to happen now," Schulz told reporters.
Gunther Krichbaum, a member of Merkel's conservatives and head of the parliamentary European affairs committee, said Macron's victory was "a valuable signal" for German-French cooperation.
At the same time, they said it was alarming that the combined projected votes for Le Pen and far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, who is also critical of European integration, had totalled 40 percent.
Axel Schaefer, vice chairperson of the Social Democrats in parliament, said the election result showed that the "right-wing march" across Europe had been stopped, following setbacks for populist candidates in Austria and the Netherlands.
"Macron showed that a pro-European candidate can also mobilise people. In the second round, all republican forces will have to stand together," they said.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal, Reuters TV and Andreas Rinke; Writing by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Dale Hudson)
(Reuters Health) - - After menopause, women who take estrogen therapy may be less likely to develop severe oral health problems than peers who don't take hormones or other treatments for age-related bone damage, a recent study suggests.
During menopause and afterward, the body slows production of new bone tissue and women face an increased risk of osteoporosis. Falling levels of the hormone estrogen around menopause can contribute to fragile, brittle bones associated with both osteoporosis and periodontal disease, or infections around the teeth and gums.
For the current study, researchers examined data on 492 women in Bahia, Brazil, who had gone through menopause and had bone density scans between 2009 and 2011. The group included 113 women treating osteoporosis with calcium and vitamin D supplements, or with estrogen alone or in combination with the hormone progestin.
Overall, the rate of severe periodontitis - when the inner layer of gums pulls away from the teeth - was 44 percent lower among the women taking estrogen for osteoporosis, the study found.
“I imagine that a patient who forgoes osteoporosis treatment with estrogen because of its risks is unlikely to change their mind after learning there is a potential connection to periodontal disease,” said Natalia Chalmers, director of analytics at the DentaQuest Institute in Westborough, Massachusetts.
“But if they are already predisposed to severe periodontitis, it is important for them to know how osteoporosis may make their condition worse,” Chalmers, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
Risks of estrogen therapy can include increased odds of heart disease and breast cancer, Johelle de S. Passos-Soares of the Federal University of Bahia in Brazil and colleagues note in the Journal Menopause. Passos-Soares didn't respond to requests for comment on the study.
Periodontitis is a leading cause of tooth loss in older adults. As gums pull away from the teeth, debris collects in the mouth that can become infected and plaque can spread below the gum line. In severe cases so much gum tissue and bone are destroyed that teeth become loose and fall out.
Women in the study were 61 years old on average, and ranged in age from 50 to 87. They typically when through menopause when they were around 47 years old.
Women treating osteoporosis averaged about 9 missing teeth, 8 decayed teeth and 2 teeth with fillings or restorations. They were also more likely than women not treating osteoporosis to have visited a dentist within the past two years.
With estrogen treatments, fewer women had periodontal disease, which researchers defined as gaps at least 5 millimeters deep between the gums and the jaw around at least 30 percent of teeth. But the difference from women not using estrogen was too small to rule out the possibility that it was due to chance.
However, osteoporosis treatment was associated with fewer cases of severe periodontitis and significantly fewer teeth that had gaps at least 4 millimeters deep between the gums and the teeth.
The study isn't a controlled experiment designed to show whether estrogen treatment after menopause directly prevents gum disease or severe periodontitis.
Limitations of the study include the fact that researchers looked at women at a single point in time, so they couldn't determine when the women developed oral health problems relative to when they went through menopause or started estrogen treatments. Women in the study were also recruited from a health center, making it possible the findings might be different in a broader population of patients, researchers note.
It's also possible that women who seek routine care for one aspect of their health may be more likely to get treatment for other health issues, Chalmers said. That means the connection between osteoporosis treatment and women seeking more preventive care in general might explain a lower risk of periodontal disease.
“The link between osteoporosis and periodontal disease is not clear, and more studies are needed to fully assess this connection,” Chalmers said. “However, we can say that patients affected by each condition share risk factors such as age, smoking, hormonal change and genetics, as well as calcium and vitamin D deficiency.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oykoJb Menopause, online February 22, 2017.
* Futures: Dow down 12 pts, S&P down 0.5 pts, Nasdaq up 2.25 pts
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 29 U.S. stock index futures were flat on Wednesday, after an impressive recovery on Wall Street helped the Dow Jones Industrial Average break its eight-day losing streak.
* Federal Reserve officials, including Chicago Fed President Charles Evans and their Boston counterpart, Eric Rosengren are scheduled to speak at separate events and may comment on the central bank's interest rate outlook.
* While Fed Chair Janet Yellen did not comment on monetary policy at a conference on Tuesday, Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer hinted on CNBC that the Fed may raise rates twice this year. Other Fed members signaled only a gradual pace of tightening policy.
* Investors are closely watching developments in Europe as Britain prepares to formally initiate a process to exit from the European Union.
* Strong consumer data on Tuesday underscored the health of the U.S. economy despite doubts about President Donald Trump's ability to enact their agenda after the collapse of a bill to reform healthcare.
* With an August target date set for a highly anticipated tax reform bill and no major economic data on tap, markets are likely to trade in a tight range on Wednesday.
* Stocks moving premarket included Vertex Pharmaceuticals that jumped nearly 18 percent to $105.50 after its cystic fibrosis treatment succeeded in a late-stage trial.
* Luxury furniture retailer RH soared 16 percent to $44 following a quarterly profit that beat analysts' expectations.
* Chipmaker Exar Corp was up 5.5 percent at $11.20 following a deal to be bought by Maxlinear for about $700 million.
Futures snapshot at 6:57 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were down 12 points, or 0.06 percent, with 15,596 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were down 0.5 points, or 0.02 percent, with 94,336 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 2.25 points, or 0.04 percent, on volume of 16,145 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
April 13 U.S. stocks opened lower on Thursday in a broad decline across sectors after President Donald Trump said that the U.S. dollar was getting too strong, while investors also assessed bank earnings.
The Dow Jones industrial average was down 49.03 points, or 0.24 percent, at 20,542.83, the S&P 500 was down 5.75 points, or 0.24521 percent, at 2,339.18 and the Nasdaq composite was down 9.47 points, or 0.16 percent, at 5,826.70. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
BRIEF-Granite Point Mortgage Trust sees IPO of 10 mln shares at $20 - $21 per share
* Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc sees IPO of 10 million shares of its common stock priced between $20.00 and $21.00 per share - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (http://bit.ly/2svMN8X) Further company coverage:
May 2 Biodelivery Sciences International Inc
* Biodelivery sciences announces the approval of bunavail® for induction of buprenorphine treatment for opioid dependence
* Biodelivery sciences international - fda approved snda for bunavail revising indication to include use of bunavail for initiation of buprenorphine treatment for opioid dependence Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
European Council President Donald Tusk shows British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter in notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, at the end of a news conference in Brussels, Belgium March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
U.S. commercial property insurer FM Global is planning to have a hub in Luxembourg following Britain's decision to leave the European Union, the head of its European division told Reuters last week.
This follows recent announcements by Lloyd's of London, the world's largest speciality insurance market, and U.S. insurer AIG (AIG.N) that they have picked Brussels and Luxembourg respectively for their EU operations.
Below are plans for EU subsidiaries proposed by insurers:
ADMIRAL
British motor insurer Admiral Group Plc (ADML.L) said last year it could move its European business to Ireland or another country. It said earlier this year it was looking at a large number of locations and expected to make a decision within two months.
AIG
U.S. insurer AIG (AIG.N) said in March it will set up a European subsidiary in Luxembourg, in addition to its European headquarters in London.
BEAZLEY
Lloyd's of London insurer Beazley Plc BEZG.L said last year it had filed an application with the Central Bank of Ireland to get approval for its Irish reinsurance business to become a European insurance company.
CHESNARA
Chesnara Plc (CSN.L), an insurance-focused takeover specialist, already has an insurance company in the Netherlands but could move its headquarters there, depending on the regulatory environment in Britain after negotiations to leave the EU.
FM GLOBAL
U.S. commercial property insurer FM Global is planning a European hub in Luxembourg following Britain's decision to leave the bloc.
HISCOX
Lloyd's of London underwriter Hiscox Ltd (HSX.L) said earlier this year it was in talks with regulators in Luxembourg and Malta over setting up a new insurance base to serve EU clients.
LLOYD'S OF LONDON
Lloyd's of London, an integral part of the British business scene since the 17th century, has chosen Brussels as the site for its EU subsidiary, it said in March.
MS AMLIN
Japanese-owned insurer MS Amlin operates under the "Societas Europaea" structure. That makes it relatively easy to move to a different EU jurisdiction if needed, subject to regulatory approval.
ROYAL LONDON
British life insurer Royal London Mutual Insurance Society plans to turn its Irish business into a regulated subsidiary, it said in March.
XL CATLIN
Bermuda-domiciled insurer XL Catlin (XL.N) said its UK business XL Insurance Company SE has branches across Europe and also operates under the "Societas Europaea" structure.
(Compiled by Carolyn Cohn and Noor Zainab Hussain; Editing by Keith Weir)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Football Soccer - Bayern Munich v Arsenal - UEFA Champions League Round of 16 First Leg - Allianz Arena, Munich, Germany - 15/2/17 Bayern Munich's Manuel Neuer warms up before the match Reuters / Michaela Rehle Livepic
Leaders Bayern Munich are racing to get key players fit in time for Saturday's big Bundesliga clash against Borussia Dortmund, with Thomas Mueller, Douglas Costa and keeper Manuel Neuer still in doubt.
Winger Costa returned to team training on Wednesday, a day after their 1-0 loss to Hoffenheim - only Bayern's second league defeat of the season - but completed only parts of it as they work towards their comeback from a mid-March knee injury.
With Mueller and Neuer training alone, things seemed to take a turn for the worse on Thursday when Lewandowski, who has netted 24 times in the league, had to break off training, clutching their thigh.
But the Pole will play against their former club, saying on Twitter: "Everything is fine. I will be ready."
Despite their midweek defeat, Bayern, chasing a record-extending fifth consecutive league title, still command a comfortable 10-point advantage over second-placed RB Leipzig.
But with Real Madrid awaiting in the Champions League quarter-final next week, Bavaria know too well a slip-up against Dortmund could seriously dent their self-confidence.
"That was a setback at just the right time," defender Mats Hummels said of their first ever loss to Hoffenheim. "It is obvious that when we are passive in our game we are not even half as strong as when we bring a certain intensity into it.
"So on Saturday we will give it all we have," said Hummels.
Dortmund, champions in 2011 and 2012 before Bayern's domination, wrote off their own title chances early in the campaign and are now desperately trying not to miss out on Champions League action next season.
The Ruhr valley club, who face AS Monaco in the Champions League last eight, are in fourth place, a point behind Hoffenheim.
They will now need to replicate Hoffenheim's result against the champions if they are to stay within striking distance of Hoffenheim with six matches left in the season after Saturday.
The top three teams win an automatic Champions League group stage spot while the fourth team must go through a qualifying round.
Despite possessing the league's best scorer in Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who has 25 goals, Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel has seen their team waste a myriad of chances throughout the season, dropping points they now urgently need to grab back.
"You can see in our game the number of wasted goal chances, one after the other, the many games where we have failed to knock out the opponent," Tuchel said, following their midweek 3-0 win over Hamburg SV.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Mark Heinrich)
May 3 Trican Well Service Ltd
* Trican Well Service Ltd. reports first quarter results for 2017
* Trican Well Service Ltd qtrly revenue $149.4 million versus $99.8 million
* Trican Well Service Ltd qtrly loss per share $0.25
* Trican Well Service - "with current commodity price environment,we believe that demand is sufficient that two more fracturing crews can be added in q3"
* Trican Well Service Ltd - "hiring remains a significant challenge" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRAGUE, April 13 A group of shareholders in Czech betting company Fortuna has filed an application for an injunction to halt the proposed acquisition of Romanian businesses from Penta Investments, Fortuna's biggest stakeholder.
The group representing 10.5 percent of Fortuna's equity is advised by Templeton Emerging Markets Group, which said shareholders have not received enough information "to assess whether the terms of the proposed acquisition (in Romania) have been conducted at arm's length".
Fortuna announced last month that it planned to acquire the companies from its main shareholder Penta, a Czech-Slovak group that has also offered to buy out Fortuna's minority stakeholders at a discount, with plans to de-list the group.
(Reporting by Robert Muller; Writing by Jason Hovet; Editing by David Goodman)
* Uncertain presidential vote pushes French-German spread higher
* Low-rated euro zone govt bonds sell off on political worries
* Policy, geopolitics keep Bund yields close to one-month lows
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, April 10 France's borrowing costs hit their highest level over Germany in six weeks on Monday as investors fretted over the rise of far-left candidate Jean Luc Melenchon in polls before this month's presidential vote.
Melenchon's emergence over the past week has raised the possibility that they will square off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the decisive second round in May, making the final result far more unpredictable.
"The market is focusing a bit too much on the extreme possibilities, but I guess with the elections coming up so soon some nerves are inevitable," said DZ Bank strategist Christian Lenk. "But at the end of the day I think (the second round) will be Macron versus Le Pen."
The gap between French and German bond yields has shot wider in recent months on the possibility that Le Pen will win the keys to the Elysee Palace and try to take France out of the single currency bloc. The spread came off its February highs as centrist Emmanuel Macron made gains and with polls suggesting they would win comfortably in the second round.
But recent polls have shown the race tightening as the front-runners faltered and Communist-backed maverick Melenchon surged after strong performances in two televised candidates' debates.
France's bond yield spread over Germany hit 70 basis points in early trading on Monday, its highest since Feb. 27 .
Investors also dumped low-rated South European government bonds on Monday and yields on Spanish, Italian and Portuguese 10-year bonds were up 4-5 bps on the day.
These "peripheral" bonds tend to perform badly when there are concerns over the future of the euro zone.
A heavy week of supply could also be weighing on government bonds in a shortened week when liquidity would naturally be low anyway, said Lenk. Five euro zone countries are due to sell bonds via auctions this week.
There were yield gains further up the ratings curve as well, but monetary policy expectations and increased geopolitical risk pushed German 10-year yields a touch lower to 0.225 percent, close to one-month lows hit late last week.
Commerzbank analysts attributed this to reduced expectations for rate rises, prompted by dovish comments from European Central Bank policymakers.
ECB President Mario Draghi said on Thursday they saw no need to deviate from the ECB's stated policy path, which includes bond buying at least until the end of the year and record-low rates until well after that.
Demand for low-risk assets also rose after U.S. missile strikes on Syria which have increased tensions in the Middle East and worsened Russia-U.S. relations.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
FILE PHOTO: A flag with the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) logo is seen before a news conference at OPEC's headquarters in Vienna, Austria December 10, 2016. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader/File Photo
LONDON OPEC cut oil output in March by more than pledged under a supply reduction deal and said oil inventories had fallen in February, suggesting that its effort to clear a supply glut that has weighed on world oil prices is succeeding.
But the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries also raised its forecast for supplies from non-member countries in 2017 as higher oil prices encourage U.S. shale drillers to pump more, reducing demand for OPEC's oil this year.
OPEC is curbing its output by about 1.2 million barrels per day (bpd) from Jan. 1 for six months, the first reduction in eight years, to get rid of a supply glut. Russia and 10 other non-OPEC producers agreed to cut half as much.
Oil prices pared gains on Wednesday after the report was released to trade at around $56 a barrel LCOc1. Prices are still up from about $42 a barrel a year ago, and OPEC was upbeat on the outlook for the market.
"Despite some downside risks, general expectations for demand growth for oil products in the coming months remain bullish," said the report, which made a minor upward revision to its global demand forecast this year.
"The return of refineries from seasonal maintenance and healthy demand, together with the high conformity observed in OPEC and non-OPEC production adjustments, should enhance market stability and reduce the volatility seen in recent weeks."
In the report, OPEC pointed to an increase in its members' compliance with the deal and said oil stocks in industrialised nations fell in February - although they are still 268 million barrels above the five-year average.
Supply from the 11 OPEC members with production targets under the accord - all except Libya and Nigeria - fell to 29.761 million bpd last month, according to figures from secondary sources that OPEC uses to monitor output.
That means OPEC has complied 104 percent with the plan, according to a Reuters calculation. OPEC did not publish a compliance number, but OPEC figures seen by Reuters on Tuesday also put adherence at 104 percent.
But OPEC revised up its estimate of oil supply growth from producers outside the group this year to 580,000 bpd, as higher oil prices following the supply cut help spur a revival in U.S. shale drilling.
"With the pick-up in drilling activity, as well as increasing cashflows in the tight oil industry, U.S. tight crude output is expected to rise quickly and increase 335,000 bpd for the overall of 2017," OPEC said, using another term for shale.
SAUDI PUMPS BELOW TARGET
OPEC said its production, including Nigeria and Libya, fell about 150,000 bpd in March to 31.93 million bpd, as Saudi Arabia continued to make a larger cut than called for by the deal.
While the OPEC secondary sources said Saudi output rose in March to 9.994 million bpd, Saudi Arabia reported to OPEC that it fell to 9.90 million bpd. In any case, both figures are below Riyadh's OPEC output target.
Due to the higher expectations from outside producers, OPEC trimmed forecast demand for its crude in 2017 to 32.22 million bpd - 130,000 less than last month but more than current production, suggesting stocks will drop if output does not rise.
A further rise in supply outside the group could weigh on prices and hinder OPEC efforts to clear the glut, although OPEC officials have said they believe the market can deal with renewed shale growth.
"Shale oil production has defied forecasts in the past and its economics are still improving and evolving," Ibrahim al-Muhanna, a former Saudi oil official said in a speech.
"However, with all the importance and media attention given to it, shale oil is not a primary source of energy."
OPEC meets on May 25 and is considering whether to extend the supply cut deal beyond June. Most members, including Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, are leaning towards this if all producers, including non-OPEC, also agree, OPEC sources told Reuters last month.
(Additional reporting by Rania El Gamal,; editing by Jane Merriman and Susan Thomas)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - PT XL Axiata Tbk:
* PT XL AXIATA PLANS TO ENTER INDONESIA PAY TV BUSINESS IN Q2, LOOKS TO RAISE $500 MILLION OVER 3-5 YEARS - DIAN SISWARINI, CEO OF PT XL AXIATA TBK, TOLD REPORTERS
* WILL REQUIRE EXTERNAL FUNDING, BUT HAS NOT DECIDED WHETHER TO ISSUE BONDS - CEO THE COMPANY SAYS RESPONDING TO FALLING YIELDS IN SATURATED TELECOMMUNICATIONS INDUSTRY Further company coverage: (Reporting By Ed Davies)
FILE PHOTO: Encana offices is pictured in Parachute, Colorado, U.S. on December 10, 2014. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart/File Photo
Encana Corp (ECA.TO) will likely benefit if the United States imposes a potential border tax, Chief Executive Douglas Suttles said on Tuesday as Canada's No. 2 oil and natural gas producer reported better-than-expected operating profits for the first quarter.
A U.S. "border adjustment tax," pushed by Republicans in Congress as a way to boost domestic manufacturing, could slap a tax of up to 20 percent on imports including crude oil, affecting Canadian companies, which send most of their products southward.
But speaking to media on a conference call, Encana (ECA.N) CEO Suttles said while the details of potential changes are not known, a border tax in general would make the company's condensate output more profitable.
"Condensate is (usually) an imported product from the United States," they said. "If a border tax raised the price of oil in the United States, it will also raise the price of condensate. So even though we're producing it here in Canada, we'd still benefit."
Encana would also benefit due to its significant U.S. crude production and from the expectation that a tax will depreciate the Canadian dollar, improving the company's margins, Suttles said.
Encana on Tuesday posted a net profit of $431 million for the first quarter, compared with a loss of $379 million a year ago, helped by higher commodity prices.
Oil prices began to rise late last year after a two-year slump and have now stabilized at around $50 per barrel, as an OPEC-led production cut and rebounding demand slowly erode a global glut.
Global benchmark Brent crude prices LCOc1 jumped 55 percent in the January-March period.
Encana said it realized $43.45 per barrel of oil and natural gas liquids production in the quarter ended March 31, compared with $33.09 a year ago.
On a per-share basis, Encana reported an operating profit of 11 cents, beating analysts' average estimate of 3 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Encana has narrowed operations to focus on four core North American plays: the Montney and Duvernay in Western Canada, and the Eagle Ford and Permian in the United States.
This narrowing meant the company's production fell 17 percent to 317,900 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter.
Encana said it expects to grow oil and condensate production by more than 35 percent between the fourth quarter of 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2017, with output from its core assets estimated to rise.
(Reporting by Ethan Lou in Calgary, Alberta, and Swetha Gopinath in Bengaluru; editing by Savio D'Souza, G Crosse)
April 5 Solekia Ltd :
* Says Sasaki Beji failed to buy shares of Solekia at 4,500 yen per share via takeover bid
* Says previous plan was disclosed on March 31
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/0ehhGs
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Violence broke out at a forum attended by former Malaysian prime minister Mahathir Mohamed on Sunday, a member of Mahathir's party said.
The 92-year old Mahathir, chairperson of the opposition party Bersatu, was speaking at a town-hall session on Sunday when shoes, chairs and flares were thrown at him, the party's youth chief, Syed Saddiq Syed Abdul Rahman, told reporters.
Mahathir was safely escorted out of the event and did not suffer any injuries, the former premier's aide told Reuters.
Local media reported that several others were injured and that two men have been arrested in connection to the violence.
"Unfortunately, there were elements .. we feel and believe were aimed at sabotaging the programme and hurting Dr Mahathir," Syed Saddiq said at a press conference, a video of which was posted online.
"We saw bottles, shoes, chairs and flares... They were not being thrown to the back or to the left or right but were clearly directed towards Dr Mahathir," they said.
Mahathir has been campaigning to oust Prime Minister Najib Razak over alleged graft linked to scandal-ridden state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB). Najib denies wrongdoing.
Mahathir chairs a fractured opposition alliance and has offered to head the government again if it wins an election that is due by next year.
Last month, Mahathir challenged Najib - their former protege - to debate allegations of corruption and mismanagement levelled against them both during their terms in office. The Sunday event - dubbed "nothing to hide" - would have included the debate, but Najib wasn't expected to show up and did not appear.
1MDB is the subject of money-laundering investigations in at least six countries. The U.S. Justice Department alleged in civil lawsuits that about $4.5 billion of funds were misappropriated from the fund.
In its latest court filing on Thursday, the U.S. Justice Department said it was conducting a criminal investigation of 1MDB and asked for a stay on civil lawsuits it had filed to seize assets allegedly bought with money stolen from the fund.
Najib denied taking money from 1MDB after it was reported that investigators traced nearly $700 million to their bank accounts. Authorities cleared them of any wrongdoing, saying the money was a donation from Saudi Arabia.
WRAPUP 4-U.S. consumer prices, retail sales weaken in May
WASHINGTON, June 14 U.S. consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May and retail sales recorded their biggest drop in 16 months, suggesting a softening in domestic demand that could limit the Federal Reserve's ability to continue raising interest rates this year.
A civil defence member breathes through an oxygen mask, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
ANKARA Autopsy results have revealed that chemical weapons were used in an attack which killed at least 70 people in Syria's Idlib province, Turkish Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag told reporters on Thursday.
Thirty-two victims of Tuesday's attack have been brought to Turkey and three have subsequently died.
U.S. President Donald Trump accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government of going "beyond a red line" with the poison gas attack on civilians and said their attitude toward Syria and Assad had changed.
(Reporting by Ercan Gurses; Writing by Daren Butler; Editing by Nick Tattersall)
March 31Shanghai Shyndec Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says its Datong-based wholly owned subsidiary received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Shanxi Food and Drug Administration
* Certificate issued to amoxicillin clavulanate potassium manufactured by the subsidiary and the valid period is until March 19, 2022
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/nsGvFr
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Credit data company Experian Plc (EXPN.L) said it would sell a 75 percent stake in its email marketing business to private equity firm Vector Capital, to focus on its core businesses.
The company said the enterprise value of the email/cross-channel marketing business (CCM) business is $400 million (319.13 million pounds) on a cash and debt-free basis.
Experian would retain the remaining 25 percent stake in the business, the company said.
The deal is expected to complete during the first half of the financial year ending March 31, 2018, the FTSE 100-listed information services company said.
Experian had started the process of divesting the email/cross-channel marketing business, the largest business line within its Marketing Services division, last November.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
EDITORIAL: Actions can speak louder than words
Last week Gov. Jay Inslee paid a visit to Curlew to discuss with emergency managers the plight of Ferry County. ...
BRASILIA (Reuters) - The latest proposal for a tie-up between Boeing Co (BA.N) and Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA (EMBR3.SA) would include the creation of a third company, a government source told Reuters.
Earlier on Friday, Globo TV reported that Embraer had accepted Boeing's new proposal to form a third company to make passenger planes, and that the new entity would not involve Embraer's defence division.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China Fordoo Holdings Ltd:
* SEES ‍PROFIT FOR YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2017 RECORD A SIGNIFICANT DECLINE NOT LESS THAN 60%​
* EXPECTED RESULT DUE TO ‍DECREASE IN GROUP‘S GROSS PROFIT​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 China Properties Investment Holdings Ltd :
* Triple Glory Holdings, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of company, entered into loan agreement with borrower
* Term loan in principal amount of HK$10 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SINGAPORE, April 10 Malaysia's Petronas has pitched an estimated $1 billion stake in a prized upstream local gas project to potential bidders including Royal Dutch Shell , ExxonMobil Corp, Thailand's PTT Exploration and Production and Japanese firms, sources familiar with the matter said.
If successful, the deal could mark Petronas' biggest upstream stake sale since oil prices started declining more than two years ago. Petronas is targeting lowering operating expenses, job cuts and project rollbacks to help it navigate through the low oil price environment.
The state-owned oil and gas company has approached about a dozen prospective buyers including global oil majors and Asian firms focused on Southeast Asia, said the sources, who declined to be identified as the talks are private.
They said Petronas has begun providing financial and operational data to the companies and expects to receive bids over the next few weeks.
Citing sources, Reuters reported in February that Petronas was considering selling a stake of as much as 49 percent in the SK316 offshore gas block in Malaysia's Sarawak state.
In a statement to Reuters, Petronas said that through its subsidiary, Petronas Carigali Sdn Bhd, it is looking for partners who can bring the technology and capabilities to explore, develop and efficiently operate the various fields and opportunities in the SK316 offshore gas block.
"We are confident that we will attract the right partners to maximise the potential value of these opportunities to help meet the world's growing oil and gas demand," Petronas said.
It was not immediately known what the individual companies' response to Petronas' approach was.
ExxonMobil declined to comment, while Shell referred the query to Petronas. A spokesperson for PTTEP declined to comment on the deal but said the company was keen to invest in Southeast Asia because it had expertise in the region where costs and risks were low. (Reporting by Anshuman Daga and Gloystein Henning in SINGAPORE; Additional reporting by A. Ananthalakshmi in KUALA LUMPUR, Jessica Jaganathan in SINGAPORE, Satawasin Staporncharnchai in BANGKOK and Osamu Tsukimori in TOKYO; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
March 29 CFI Holdings Ltd:
* Says it has received notice that its shareholder Stalap Investments (Private) Ltd has acquired further shareholding in the Co
* Says this has taken Stalap shareholding in the Co to 41.03 percent Source: bit.ly/2niN20L Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
DEMANDING CHANGE: Kerri Walker with photos of their children Daniel and Sarah.
DEMANDING CHANGE: Kerri Walker with photos of their children Daniel and Sarah. Mike Knott
A PETITION to strengthen Queensland laws for negligent driving causing death or grievous bodily harm was tabled in State Parliament today.
Member for Burnett Stephen Bennett, who sponsored the petition on behalf of grieving families who have lost loved ones on the road, said the petition had collected 8188 signatures in support of harsher penalties.
Mr Bennett said the petition sought to bring Queensland law into line with other jurisdictions across the country.
"Clearly Queensland is badly out of step with our interstate counterparts and these laws need to be strengthened to save lives on our roads,” they said.
"Queenslanders have spoken and it's clear that the people in this state want to see change to enhance road safety for all.
Mr Bennett paid tribute to community campaigners including Kerri Walker, who lost two of their children, Sarah and Daniel, in a horrific crash on the Bruce Highway south of Maryborough on Easter Monday last year.
"Incredibly, through their loss they have found the strength to speak up to make a change and help other families.,” they said.
Principal petitioner Trisha Mabley, whose son was severely injured in the crash the Walkers died in, said they were moved by the number of signatures collected.
"Everyone concerned has done such a wonderful job,” they said.
"I'm so proud of Queensland for getting behind it.”
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
* Investors cautious ahead of Trump-Xi meeting
* Financial sector up after four-day losing streak
* Energy stocks gain with oil prices
* Indexes up: Dow 0.23 pct, S&P 0.25 pct, Nasdaq 0.25 pct (Updates to early afternoon)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 6 U.S. stocks rose on Thursday, led by energy companies and a rebound in financials, but gains were kept in check by cautious trading ahead of the Trump-Xi meeting and on uncertainty about quick U.S. fiscal stimulus.
President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, start their two-day meeting later in the day, and top of the agenda is the possibility of Trump using U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in North Korea's arms program.
The meeting comes amid rising doubts about Trump's ability to deliver on their pro-growth promises, such as tax cuts. U.S. House of Representatives speaker Paul Ryan said Wednesday that the tax reform bill could take longer than the stalled healthcare bill.
"The market can still go higher, but they need to make sure that everything the market has gone up on so far is coming to pass," said Neil Massa, senior equity trader at Manulife Asset Management in Boston.
"And that means making sure Republicans are able to do the pro-business agenda that they put out there."
At 12:35 p.m. ET (1635 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 47.17 points, or 0.23 percent, at 20,695.32, the S&P 500 was up 5.86 points, or 0.25 percent, at 2,358.81 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 14.58 points, or 0.25 percent, at 5,879.06.
Nine of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by the energy index's 0.8 percent rise following higher oil prices.
But the biggest boost was from financials. The index was up 0.57 percent after a four-day losing streak.
"The markets still look strong but they are massively overbought and we do have bank earnings beginning to come in next week. That will tell the real tale for the sector," said Phil Davis, chief executive of PSW Investments.
As corporate earnings reports start trickling in, investors are also cautious given the lofty valuations. The S&P 500 index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15.
L Brands jumped 10.4 percent after reporting a smaller-than-expected drop in March sales.
Among the laggards was Amazon, which fell about 1 percent, set for its first drop after eight sessions, in six of which it hit record highs.
AMD sank nearly 8 percent after Goldman Sachs started overage with a "sell" rating.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,045 to 767. On the Nasdaq, 1,727 issues rose and 1,004 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed five 52-week highs and four lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 new highs and 55 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
March 29 CPI Property Group SA:
* Announces subsidiaries of CPI Property Group have successfully acquired the high-quality retail portfolio of predominantly 11 shopping centres located in the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Romania with a total leasable area of approximately 265 thousand sqm (the "Portfolio") from two funds managed by CBRE Global Investors
* The Portfolio consists of major shopping centres Olympia Plzeň and Nisa Liberec in the Czech Republic, Ogrody in Poland, Polus and Campona in Hungary and Felicia in Romania; multifunctional complexes Zlatý Anděl in Prague and Andrássy Complex in Budapest; and two Interspar stores in Hungary
* Bank financing has been arranged through several loans at a total of 440 million euros ($473.26 million), with CPI Property Group providing remaining amount from its own funds Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9297 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
(Adds quotes from official, maintaining 2017 range)
By Gabriel Stargardter
MEXICO CITY, April 28 Mexico's economy cooled slightly in the first quarter as industrial output stagnated, according to preliminary data released on Friday, but growth during the start of U.S. President Donald Trump's term was stronger than some expected.
The election of Donald Trump last year raised the specter of recession in Mexico as they threatened to shred the North American Free Trade Agreement. This sent the country's peso into a tailspin and prompted several economists to lower growth forecasts.
While those threats resurfaced this week, slow progress in starting NAFTA talks and an overall softening of rhetoric about U.S. companies that invest in Mexico have calmed the situation ahead of Trump's 100th day in office on Saturday.
"The balance of the economy in the first 100 days of the Trump administration can be summarized in the numbers published by (national statistics agency) INEGI today," Luis Madrazo, the finance ministry's chief economist, said at a news conference.
"A higher-than-expected growth rate, and a higher rate of growth compared with last year that is showing resistance to the uncertainty that has hit us from abroad."
Mexico's gross domestic product grew about 0.6 percent in the first quarter, slowing slightly from 0.7 percent in the fourth quarter, according to seasonally adjusted INEGI data.
Analysts polled by Reuters had expected a 0.5 percent growth rate for the quarter.
Compared with the year-earlier quarter, GDP grew at an annual rate of 2.7 percent, above analysts' expectations of 2.4 percent.
"First quarter GDP data from Mexico confirmed what we have long suspected – that the survey data have been overstating the weakness in the real economy," Capital Economics said in a research note. It raised its 2017 GDP forecast to 2.2 percent from 1.8 percent despite "lingering" risks to NAFTA.
Mexico's government has put 2017 growth between 1.3 and 2.3 percent, and Madrazo said the range remained unchanged for now, but would be looked at again when the final quarterly results come out on May 22.
According to INEGI's initial estimates, the industrial sector did not expand from the fourth quarter. Weak demand in the United States has weighed on Mexican factory output.
The data showed the services sector grew 1.0 percent in the first quarter from the fourth, while agriculture expanded by 0.7 percent.
The U.S. economy grew at its weakest pace in three years in the first quarter, data released on Friday showed, as consumer spending barely increased and businesses invested less in inventories. (Reporting by Mexico City Newswroom; editing by Frank Jack Daniel, Lisa Von Ahn and Diane Craft)
The Union Jack (bottom) and the European Union flag are seen flying, at the border of Gibraltar with Spain, in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, June 27, 2016, after Britain voted to leave the European Union in the EU Brexit... REUTERS/Jon Nazca - RTX2IK2D
LONDON The introduction of physical customs checks following Brexit would be a catastrophe for British ports and shipping and would likely reduce the volume of trade, the head of the sector's UK industry body said on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said they want a customs arrangement with the European Union which allows trade to be "as frictionless as possible", but few expect goods will be able to continue to move as seamlessly as they do within the bloc.
"The nightmare scenario is actually having physical customs borders ... it would be absolutely a catastrophe for the ports and for our sector," Guy Platten, Chief Executive of the UK Chamber of Shipping, told reporters.
"You've suddenly got lorries stacked up, you've got sailings canceled ... the whole supply chain is completely affected."
The chamber says 95 percent of Britain's international trade is moved via ship, and the industry supports 250,000 jobs.
Dover on the southeast coast of England, Europe's busiest ferry port, currently handles around 500 non-EU trucks a day and around 8,000 from the EU, they said.
If the EU trucks faced the same customs checks as the non-EU trucks the whole process will be slowed, particularly impacting goods such as fresh food, they added.
"The sailings will still take place, but maybe they won't be able to fit in as many sailings as they could do before ... so that will affect the business of those ferry companies and potentially the viability of routes."
The chamber, which represents 170 firms including European companies such as Sweden's Stena Line, Denmark's DFDS (DFDS.CO) and France's Brittany Ferries, says the volume of lorries passing through Dover increased 150 percent between 1992 and 2015. Custom controls within the EU were scrapped from 1993.
Platten said the government needs to reach an early agreement on customs, or ensure a transition period, as checks will require new infrastructure that will take time to put in place and which British ports will struggle to physically accommodate.
They believe the British government will be prepared to apply a light touch at its border to prevent huge queues of trucks and hopes EU shipping companies will persuade their own governments to do the same.
"I've yet to find a politician who is prepared to sacrifice jobs in their local area for political points," they said.
(Editing by Stephen Addison)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
PARIS, March 30 French state-controlled nuclear group Areva said it is confident that its Creusot Forge foundry, whose production is halted following the discovery of forged documents and production irregularities, will restart this summer.
Areva reactor unit Areva NP director Bernard Fontana told reporters on Thursday that Areva will make sure that the foundry's procedures and quality culture are brought to the highest standards. The company also plans to invest in the foundry so that it can again start making the biggest nuclear components, including reactor vessels, they said.
They said it would take an extra year to get the foundry ready to make the biggest nuclear parts and said they were confident that Creusot Forge would make parts for two nuclear reactors that utility EDF plans to build at Hinkley Point in Britain. (Reporting by Geert De Clercq; Editing by Adrian Croft)
MOSCOW, April 12 Russia is struggling to source gas turbines for two new power plants it is building in Crimea, Russian Energy Ministry Alexander Novak said on Wednesday.
European Union sanctions bar European individuals and companies from providing energy technology to Crimea, which Russia annexed from Ukraine in 2014. The Black Sea peninsula has suffered electricity shortages since then.
Three sources told Reuters last year that turbines for the Crimean plants would be made by Siemens Gas Turbine Technologies LLC, a joint venture in which Siemens has a 65 percent share. The German company categorically denied it intended to send turbines to Crimea .
The joint venture's factory is the only one in Russia capable of making turbines which will be compatible with the Crimean power plants.
"Work is continuing despite problems related to the delivery of equipment from a Western company. We are working on buying other equipment," Novak told the upper house of Russia's parliament on Wednesday. They did not name the Western company.
Novak later told reporters Russia was considering various options, including sourcing equipment from other countries, using Russian machinery, or using foreign equipment on Russian territory that was imported before sanctions were introduced.
The two new power plants were due to be commissioned at the end of 2017, but Novak said last month their launch had been delayed by a few months. (Reporting by Oksana Kobzeva; Writing by Denis Pinchuk; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
JOHANNESBURG, April 2 South Africa's Competition Commission said on Sunday that it had asked the Competition Tribunal to fine construction materials group Afrimat for allegedly "abusing its dominance by charging excessive prices."
"The Commission is seeking an order from the Tribunal declaring that Afrimat ... must pay the maximum fine allowable by law which amounts to 10 percent of its annual turnover in South Africa as well as its exports from the country," the Commission said in a statement.
A unit of Afrimat supplies the main ingredient in clinker bricks, which are mostly used in the construction of low-cost housing units, known as RDP houses in South Africa.
"The Commission has found that Afrimat abused its dominant position from 2012 until at least 2016 (the conduct may be ongoing) by charging clinker bricks' manufacturers excessive prices to the detriment of consumers," the Commission said.
Afrimat could not immediately be reached for comment. (Reporting by Ed Stoddard; Editing by Susan Fenton)
BUDAPEST, April 12 The United States called on Hungary to suspend implementation of a law Washington says threatens the continued operation of a Budapest university founded by U.S. financier George Soros.
Hungarian President Janos Ader signed off on the legislation on Monday despite protests against it in Budapest and condemnation abroad. Another mass rally against the law is planned for later on Wednesday.
"We're urging the government of Hungary to suspend implementation of the law," State Department spokesperson Mark C. Toner said late on Tuesday according to a transcript of a Washington press briefing posted online.
(Reporting by Gergely Szakacs; editing by John Stonestreet)
Workers work at a construction site in front of Shanghai's financial district of Pudong in Shanghai, China March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
BEIJING A flurry of data in coming weeks is expected to show China posted solid economic growth in March, as President Xi Jinping and President Donald Trump meet for the first time this week with China's trade surplus expected to be high on the agenda.
Trump has foreshadowed the risk of talks being tense, tweeting on Thursday that the United States could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
While Trump has not followed through yet on campaign threats to label China a currency manipulator or impose punitive tariffs on Chinese goods, many analysts reckon the new administration is just beginning to flex its trade muscles.
China's import growth for March is likely to remain strong, while exports could rebound modestly, according to Reuters polls, producing an expected trade surplus of $10 billion after a rare deficit in February.
Exports were expected to rise 3.2 percent, while imports were seen up 18 percent, led once again by raw materials such as iron ore which are feeding a months-long construction boom.
Imports had surged 38 percent in February while exports unexpectedly dipped, but China's data in the first two months of the year can be heavily skewed by the timing of the Lunar New Year holidays, when many businesses shut for a week or more.
Reflecting continued strength in the manufacturing sector, and particularly heavy industry, China's producer price index (PPI) likely rose 7.6 percent from a year earlier, after jumping 7.8 percent in February, its fastest pace in nearly nine years.
However, while factory surveys show manufacturers have been able to pass on some higher input costs by raising prices of their goods, there has been scant evidence of it flowing through to consumer inflation and becoming a worry for policymakers.
Many analysts believe China's producer inflation may peak soon, and see consumer inflation remaining mild. The consumer price index (CPI) is mainly driven by prices of food, particularly pork, and services.
The CPI likely rose 1.0 percent in March, after slowing to 0.8 percent in February, its weakest pace since January 2015, as food prices fell. Beijing is targeting consumer inflation at 3 percent this year, unchanged from 2016.
China's foreign exchange reserves likely edged up in March to $3.01 trillion after unexpectedly rising for the first time in eight months in February, rebounding above $3 trillion as a regulatory crackdown and a steadying yuan helped staunch capital outflows.
The rebound in reserves could ease fears in global markets that China will engineer another sharp one-off devaluation of the yuan, which would run the risk of inflaming trade tensions with the new U.S. administration.
China announces foreign exchange reserves on Friday, followed by inflation and trade data on Wednesday and Thursday respectively, while loan and money data is expected anytime from April 10-15.
OUTPUT DATA LIKELY TO SUGGEST SOLID Q1 GROWTH
China will release first-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) on April 17, along with March industrial output, retail sales and fixed asset investment.
Industrial output was expected to have remained at 6.3 percent in March, from 6.3 percent in Jan-Feb combined, while fixed asset investment was likely to grow 8.8 percent, down from 8.9 percent in Jan-Feb.
Retail sales were expected to grow 9.6 percent in March, marginally better than 9.5 percent in Jan-Feb, which was the weakest pace in nearly two years.
Analysts are awaiting early March data before fine-tuning their GDP forecasts for Q1, but some expect it will be roughly in line with or possibly even slightly stronger than the 6.8 percent growth China posted in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Many analysts think that may be as good as it gets for Chinese growth this year, even if Trump takes no direct action on trade in coming months.
Activity is expected to start cooling later in 2017 as the boost from record bank lending and strong government infrastructure spending last year begins to fade. Chinese iron ore and steel prices fell sharply in March on worries that high inventories were already signaling supply is outpacing demand.
Intensifying government measures to get the overheated housing market under control could also brake economic growth, though few market watchers predict an outright property crash.
LOANS SEEN UP DESPITE C.BANK TIGHTENING
Loan data will also be closely watched for signs of whether authorities are sticking to credit-fueled stimulus despite official warnings about the risks from a rapid build-up in debt.
Chinese banks likely extended 1.25 trillion yuan ($181.29 billion) in new loans in March, up from 1.17 trillion yuan in February but far below January's 2.03 trillion yuan, the second highest ever.
In recent months, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) has adopted a modest tightening bias in a bid to contain financial risks, though it is treading cautiously to avoid crimping economic growth - which Beijing has said will be a more modest 6.5 percent this year.
In a bid to reduce leverage in the financial system, the PBOC has bumped up interest rates on money market instruments and special short- and medium-term loans several times so far in 2017, though analysts do not expect a full-blown policy rate increase this year.
($1 = 6.8950 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Sue-Lin Wong; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dna Oyj:
* REG-DNA‘S FINANCIAL TARGETS UPDATED: EBITDA MARGIN TO REACH AT LEAST 32 PER CENT IN MID-TERM
* DNA OYJ - MEDIUM-TERM FINANCIAL TARGET OF NET SALES GROWTH FASTER THAN AVERAGE MARKET GROWTH
* DNA OYJ - MEDIUM-TERM FINANCIAL TARGETS ARE NET DEBT/EBITDA RATIO OF LESS THAN 2.0
* DNA OYJ - AIMS FOR A DIVIDEND PAYOUT RATIO OF AROUND 70 TO 90% OF DNA‘S FREE CASH FLOW TO EQUITY FOR FINANCIAL YEAR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BUENOS AIRES, April 3 Argentine growers have been energized by the country's new tax and trade policies, setting the stage for increased grains planting and farm investment, the head of the local unit of agricultural machinery company Deere & Co said on Monday.
The country is the world's top exporter of soymeal livestock feed and a major supplier of wheat, corn and soybeans at a time of climbing demand as global population grows toward 9 billion.
The free-trade policies of President Mauricio Macri, elected in 2015 after an eight-year feud between the farm sector and Argentina's previous leader, have already sparked wider planting
of corn and wheat.
Based on conversations with farmers, it is a trend that John Deere expects to continue, Gaston Trajtenberg, president of John Deere Argentina, said in a telephone interview.
"They have an optimistic approach in that even if commodity prices are not at the highest level they can plant and see a two or three year term that will allow them to increase investment," they said.
"The speed or the pace of growth will depend on how much confidence they feel about the sustainability of the business environment moving forward."
The staying-power of Macri's policies will be tested in October's congressional election.  They are expected to run for a second term in 2019.
The Argentine farming expansion comes amid heightened competition in the global grains market, with world stocks of key staples including corn, soybeans and wheat all projected to swell to record highs this season.
In February, Deere forecast that equipment sales would rise for the first time in three years, partly driven by improving economic conditions in Brazil and Argentina.
The South American market is expected to show industry-wide sales growth of 20 percent in harvesting combines and 15 percent in tractors in 2017, according to Deere projections.
This season's wheat crop was 14.96 million tonnes versus 10.9 million the previous year, according to the Rosario grains exchange. Corn is expected by the exchange at 38 million tonnes versus 30.1 million and soybeans are projected at 56 million tonnes versus 55.5 million.
"Every time you find available financing and see a horizon with sustainable rules, the sector would like to keep investing and improve efficiency," said Trajtenberg.
John Deere Argentina makes tractors and harvesting combines in Granadero Baigorria, a town near grains hub of Rosario. (Additional reporting by Karl Plume in Chicago; Editing by Mary Milliken)
CAPE TOWN Super Rugby's governing body SANZAAR's move to cull three teams from the competition is necessary though it may still stop short of what had been the tournament's optimum format, said South African Rugby CEO Jurie Roux.
The Southern Hemisphere club championship will see two teams from South Africa and one from Australia cut for next year, bringing the number of competing sides down to 15.
But Roux said they believed that it was still too many and said the tournament should probably have never been expanded from the 12-team format that was played between 1996 and 2005. They said pressure from broadcaster hungry for more matches had partly driven the earlier expansions.
"The ultimate competition probably was Super 12 and to be honest we should have probably never moved from it, but there were different reasons," Roux told SuperSport late on Wednesday.
"I'm sad to say that a lot of (the expansion) was due to driving revenue and there were some political decisions that drove the process. It has ended up being a competition that if we don't change it, we will have serious issues.”
South Africa will see its number of teams cut from six to four, with the identity of the sides to drop out to be made known by the end of June.
Roux said SA Rugby did not have the depth and quality of players to sustain six Super Rugby franchises.
"We are now at a time where the economic reality of this country, the rugby economic reality of this country, says we cannot sustain six franchises," Roux said.
"Everybody can say what they want, look at the results and you'll know that we can't."
Critics of the expanded format say the increased number of teams has hurt the quality of matches as teams had to find players from a wider pool.
Having originally driven the competition's enlargement, Roux said broadcasters disappointed in the quality of games over the past two seasons had applied pressure for an end to the 18-team format.
The competition had also become confusing with not all 18 teams able to play each other, Roux said.
"So, on the back-end of that and on the back-end of broadcasters telling us that they're not happy with the product and that they want immediate change – or else we will have some contractual issues going forward – we had no choice but to look at (changing) the competition earlier than what we wanted to."
(Reporting by Nick Said; editing by Richard Lough)
ZURICH, March 31 FIFA said on Friday it had completed a 22-month internal inquiry into allegations of high-level corruption and criminal misconduct that buffeted world football and handed its report to Swiss authorities.
"FIFA will now return its focus to the game, for fans and players throughout the world," said FIFA President Gianni Infantino, elected last year to replace Sepp Blatter, who is under criminal investigation in Switzerland.
In a statement, FIFA said that more than 2.5 million documents were reviewed during the investigation and that the report it shared with Swiss authorities ran to 1,300 pages and included more than 20,000 pages of "exhibits", or documentation.
The investigation began after several dozen soccer officials, mainly from Latin America, were indicted in the United States in 2015 on corruption-related charges, sparking the worst crisis in FIFA's 113-year history.
Some of the suspects have pleaded guilty and await sentencing, others face trial and some are in their native countries where they are fighting, or have avoided, extradition.
FIFA said its report would also be made available to U.S. investigators.
In Switzerland, the attorney general's office has begun criminal proceedings against Blatter and former FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke on suspicion of offences including criminal mismanagement
“FIFA is committed to conducting a thorough and comprehensive investigation of the facts so we could hold wrongdoers within football accountable and cooperate with the authorities,” Infantino said in the FIFA statement.
Swiss prosecutors "will continue to pursue those who enriched themselves and abused their positions of trust in football", they added.
The statement from Zurich-based FIFA gave no further details and said that, because of the criminal inquiries under way, it was "legally restricted from releasing or commenting on the findings from its internal investigation".
FIFA said the Swiss authorities had acknowledged its "close and consistent cooperation".
Blatter has already been banned for six years and Valcke for 10 by FIFA's own ethics committee. Both have denied wrongdoing and Valcke has appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS). Blatter has already lost an appeal at CAS.
In September, FIFA opened a new ethics investigation into Blatter, Valcke and former finance director Markus Kattner for possible violations including bribery and corruption.
FIFA said then that the allegations were in the context of salaries and bonuses paid to the three. ($1 = 1.0004 Swiss francs) (Writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Harrison, 5, who is autistic, plays with Kaspar, a child-sized humanoid robot developed at the University of Hertfordshire to interact and help improve the lives of children with autism, in Stevenage, Britain January 30, 2017. REUTERS/Matthew Stock
Dr. Ben Robins, Senior Research Fellow at the University of Hertfordshire, mediates while Harrison, 5, who is autistic, plays with Kaspar, a child-sized humanoid robot designed to interact and help improve the lives of children with autism, in Stevenage, Britain January 30, 2017. REUTERS/Matthew Stock
Kaspar, a child-sized humanoid robot developed at the University of Hertfordshire to interact and help improve the lives of children with autism is seen at the University of Hertfordshire, in Stevenage, Britain January 30, 2017. REUTERS/Matthew Stock
Harrison, 5, who is autistic, plays with Kaspar, a child-sized humanoid robot developed at the University of Hertfordshire to interact and help improve the lives of children with autism, in Stevenage, Britain January 30, 2017. REUTERS/Matthew Stock
LONDON "This is nice, it tickles me," Kaspar the social robot tells four-year-old Finn as they play together at an autism school north of London.
Kaspar, developed by the University of Hertfordshire, also sings song, imitates eating, plays the tambourine and combs their hair during their sessions aimed at helping Finn with their social interaction and communication.
If Finn gets too rough, the similarly sized Kaspar cries: "Ouch, that hurt me." A therapist is on hand to encourage the child to rectify their behaviour by tickling the robot's feet.
Finn is one of around 170 autistic children that Kaspar has helped in a handful of schools and hospitals over the last 10 years.
But with approximately 700,000 people in Britain on the autism spectrum, according to the National Autistic Society who will mark World Autism Day on Sunday, the university want Kaspar to help more people.
"Our vision is that every child in a school or a home or in a hospital could get a Kaspar if they wanted to," Kerstin Dautenhahn, professor of artificial intelligence at the University of Hertfordshire, told Reuters.
Achieving that goal will largely depend on the results of a two-year clinical trial with the Hertfordshire Community NHS Trust, which, if successful, could see Kaspar working in hospitals nationwide.
TRACKS, an independent charity and specialist early years centre for children with autism in Stevenage, have seen positive results from working with Kaspar, who sports a blue cap and plaid shirt for play sessions.
"We were trying to teach a little boy how to eat with their peers. They usually struggled with it because of their anxiety issues," said deputy principal Alice Lynch.
"We started doing it with Kaspar and they really, really enjoyed feeding Kaspar, making them eat when they were hungry, things like that. Now he's started to integrate into the classroom and eat alongside their peers. So things like that are just a massive progression."
Many children with autism find it hard to decipher basic human communication and emotion so Kaspar's designers avoided making them too lifelike and instead opted for simplified, easy to process features.
Autism support groups have been impressed.
"Many autistic people are drawn to technology, particularly the predictability it provides, which means it can be a very useful means of engaging children, and adults too," Carol Povey, director of the National Autistic Society's Centre for Autism, told Reuters.
"This robot is one of a number of emerging technologies which have the potential to make a huge difference to people on the autism spectrum."
(Writing by Patrick Johnston; Editing by Alison Williams)
May 2 Devon Energy Corp
* Devon Energy reports first-quarter results
* Q1 adjusted core earnings per share $0.41 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.40 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly oil production averaged 261,000 barrels per day, a 7 percent increase compared to Q4 of 2016
* Devon Energy- Qtrly total companywide production averaged 563,000 oil-equivalent barrels per day in Q1, a 5 percent increase compared to Q4 of 2016
* Devon Energy Corp - Qtrly total revenues $3,547 million versus $2,126 million
* Devon expects oil production to range from 230,000 to 240,000 barrels per day in Q2
* Devon Energy Corp - Devon expects oil production to range from 230,000 to 240,000 barrels per day for Q2
* Devon Energy Corp- Company's capital and production plan is on track for both first half of 2017 and full year.
* Devon Energy Corp - Qtrly oil, gas and NGL sales $1,309 million versus $825 million
* Devon Energy Corp - Due to efficiency gains, company and its partner brought online more wells in eagle ford than planned in Q1
* Q1 earnings per share $1.07
* Devon Energy Corp sees Q2 capital expenditures $600 million - $ 675 million
* Devon Energy Corp - Low-cost structure is expected to further improve on a per-unit basis in second half of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Mykco Ltd:
* Have resolved to make a non recourse loan to Corporate Holdings Ltd.
* Transaction is on basis that if a purchase is made by CHL then advance will convert to ordinary shares in CHL Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEDMINSTER, N.J./BEIJING (Reuters) - China's President Xi Jinping said there needs to be a peaceful resolution to the North Korean nuclear issue, and in a telephone call with U.S. President Donald Trump they urged all sides to avoid words or action that raise tensions.
Xi's comments came hours after Trump warned North Korea that the U.S. military was "locked and loaded" as Pyongyang accused the U.S. leader of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war.
The Pentagon said the United States and South Korea would proceed as planned with a joint military exercise in 10 days, an action sure to further antagonise North Korea.
China's foreign ministry said in a statement that Xi told Trump a peaceful resolution to the North Korean nuclear issue was essential, and urged calm.
"Concerned parties must exercise restraint and avoid remarks and actions that escalate tensions on the Korean peninsula," it cited Xi as saying.
In their phone call, Trump and Xi "agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behaviour," the White House said in a statement, and reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula. It added the relationship between Trump and Xi was "extremely close" and "will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem."
Trump, vacationing at their Bedminster, New Jersey, golf resort, earlier took to Twitter to warn North Korean leader Kim Jong-un that U.S. "military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely".
Again referring to Kim, Trump added, "If they utter one threat ... or if they do anything with respect to Guam or any place else that's an American territory or an American ally, they will truly regret it, and they will regret it fast."
In remarks to reporters on Friday after a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, Trump said the situation with North Korea was "very dangerous and it will not continue".
They added, "We will see what happens. We think that lots of good things could happen, and we could also have a bad solution."
Despite the tough rhetoric, Trump insisted that "nobody loves a peaceful solution better than President Trump."
South Korea's presidential Blue House said in a statement on Saturday the United States and China were working to resolve the North Korea crisis, and it hoped the two leaders' phone call "will be able to resolve the peak of tension and act as a catalyst for the situation to move on to a new dimension."
TRUMP TO GUAM: "YOU'RE SAFE"
Guam, the Pacific island that is a U.S. territory and home to a U.S. air base, a Navy installation, a Coast Guard group and around 6,000 U.S. military personnel, posted emergency guidelines on Friday to help residents prepare for any potential nuclear attack.
North Korean state news agency KCNA said on Thursday the North Korean army would complete plans in mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles over Japan to land in the sea 18 to 25 miles (30 to 40 km) from Guam.
Japan's government decided to deploy its Patriot missile defence system to four locations in the west of the country, media reported. No one at Japan's defence ministry was available to comment on Saturday.
The governor of Guam, Eddie Baza Calvo, posted a video on Facebook of themselves speaking with Trump. "We are with you a thousand percent. You are safe," Trump told Calvo.
China's President Xi Jinping speaks during the ceremony to mark the 90th anniversary of the founding of the China's People's Liberation Army at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China August 1, 2017. Damir Sagolj
Washington wants to stop Pyongyang from developing nuclear missiles that could hit the United States. North Korea sees its nuclear arsenal as protection against the United States and its partners in Asia.
Trump said they were considering additional sanctions on North Korea, adding these would be "very strong." They gave no details and did not make clear whether they meant unilateral or multilateral sanctions.
U.S. officials have said new U.S. steps targeting Chinese banks and firms doing business with Pyongyang are in the works, but these have appeared to be put on hold to give Beijing time to show it is serious about enforcing new U.N. sanctions.
BACK CHANNELS
Trump said they did not want to talk about diplomatic "back channels" with North Korea after U.S. media reports that Joseph Yun, the U.S. envoy for North Korea policy, had engaged in diplomacy for several months with Pak Song Il, a senior diplomat at Pyongyang's U.N. mission, on the deteriorating ties and the issue of Americans imprisoned in North Korea.
Slideshow (14 Images)
But Daniel Russel, until April the top U.S. diplomat for East Asia, said this so-called New York channel had been a relatively commonplace means of communication with North Korea over the years, and was not a forum for negotiation.
"It's never been a vehicle for negotiations and this doesn't constitute substantive U.S.-DPRK dialogue," they said, using the acronym for North Korea's formal name, Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Both Moscow and Berlin expressed alarm over the rise in rhetoric over North Korea, and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov urged Pyongyang and Washington to sign up to a joint Russian-Chinese plan by which North Korea would freeze missile tests and the United States and South Korea would impose a moratorium on large-scale military exercises. Neither the United States nor North Korea has embraced the plan.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there is no military solution, adding that "an escalation of the rhetoric is the wrong answer."
The French presidency said North Korea was engaged in a "dangerous escalation" of tensions.
President Emmanuel Macron "calls for all parties to act responsibly and prevent any further escalation in tensions," the Elysee palace said in a statement.
Trump and Macron spoke on Saturday. The White House said Trump reiterated the U.S. commitment to stop the "North Korean nuclear menace" and said Washington was ready with diplomatic, economic and military measures.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said blame for problems lay with North Korea, and that the international community was "shoulder to shoulder" in efforts to stop North Korean aggression.
"We are working with the US and our partners in the region to bring this crisis to a diplomatic end," they tweeted.
As the rhetoric has ratcheted up, South Koreans are buying more ready-to-eat meals for emergency use, and the government aims to expand nationwide civil defence drills planned for Aug. 23. Hundreds of thousands of troops and huge arsenals are arrayed on both sides of the tense demilitarized zone between the two Koreas.
For an interactive graphic on North Korea's missile capabilities, click here
For a graphic on Guam, click here
Andy Herrera, 36, checks a train wagon filled with chopped sugar cane (not pictured) at the entrance of Ciro Redondo sugar mill in Ciro Redondo, Cuba, February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Chopped sugar cane is seen inside a train wagon at the entrance of Ciro Redondo sugar mill in Ciro Redondo, Cuba, February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Remains of a dead horse surrounded by marabou trees are seen in Ciro Redondo, Cuba, February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Sugarcane bagasse is seen at the Ciro Redondo sugar mill in Ciro Redondo, Cuba, February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
A tractor shifts land to make way for a biomass power plant adjacent to Ciro Redondo sugar mill in Ciro Redondo, Cuba, February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Andy Herrera, 36, checks a train wagon filled with chopped sugar cane at the entrance of Ciro Redondo sugar mill in Ciro Redondo, Cuba, February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Marabou trees are seen on the roadside in Ciro Redondo, Cuba, February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Marabu prepared to be burned at a traditional charcoal factory is pictured in Ciro Redondo, Cuba, February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
CIRO REDONDO, Cuba Cuba, battling a chronic energy deficit, has all the sunshine, wind and sugar to fuel what should be a booming renewable sector - if only it could find the money.
The country's first utility-scale renewable energy project, a biomass plant in Ciro Redondo, is finally under construction thanks to an injection of funds from China, a socialist ally and in recent years, the communist-led island's merchant bank of last resort.
Turning Cuba's renewables potential into reality has become a state priority over the past year since crisis-stricken ally Venezuela slashed subsidized oil shipments to Cuba that were supposed to help power its traditional plants.
Some foreign players in green energy, such as Spain's Gamesa and Germany's Siemens, have shown early interest in the country. But the overall paucity of foreign financing means that this project, being carried out by Cuban-British joint venture Biopower, is still the exception rather than the rule.
The financing puzzle is a crucial one to solve if cash-strapped Cuba is to hit its target of renewables filling 24 percent of its energy needs by 2030, up from 4 percent today, a strategy that would require billions of dollars in investment.
The government announced last July it was rationing energy, raising fears of a return to the crippling blackouts of the "Special Period" after the collapse of the Soviet Union. The energy shortage comes at a time when growing tourism and private business creation are generating greater demand.
"The most challenging thing we have had to deal with in the last six years of developing this project has been the financing," said Biopower President Andrew Macdonald, while touring the site of the Ciro Redondo plant.
The Scotsman, who has been doing business with Cuba for more than a decade, said the U.S. blockade had "strangled" funding from Europe "and other obvious sources", with banks afraid of sanctions.
Their start-up Havana Energy joined forces with a subsidiary of domestic sugar monopoly Azcuba to create Biopower in 2012, with a contract to build five plants attached to sugar mills.
The plants are projected to use sugar cane byproduct bagasse and fast-growing woody weed marabu as biofuels, costing around $800 million to add some 300 MW to the grid.
Biopower was finally able this year to start building the first one, thanks to a decision by China's Shanghai Electric Group Ltd to buy an equity stake in Havana Energy. The JV is now looking for external financing for the next four plants.
"We have to check whether the funders are open for the Cuban market or not," said Zhengyue Chen, former investment manager at Shanghai Electric and current Biopower chief financial officer.
RISKY INVESTMENT
Some international companies have shown an interest in gaining a foothold in the slowly opening Cuban market, encouraged by a three-year old investment law that allows full foreign ownership of renewables projects.
Cuba last year signed a deal with Spain's Gamesa for the construction of seven wind-powered plants and with Siemens for the upgrade of the creaking power grid.
These are just preliminary agreements, however, which may not become concrete contracts, Western diplomats based in Havana say, given difficulty agreeing on a financing framework and actually securing the funds.
On top of the U.S. trade embargo, which frightens banks from offering Cuba loans, Cuba's payment capacity is questionable. While it has improved its debt servicing record under President Raul Castro, it is falling behind on paying foreign providers.
And it has little to offer as payment guarantees in hard currency. Its state electricity utility generates revenue in Cuban pesos, which are not traded internationally, only into convertible Cuban pesos at a state-fixed rate. The government has promised to unify those two currencies, but it is unclear how.
"If no currency indexation is provided from the government, significant devaluation poses a great threat to investors' revenue," said World Bank renewable energy expert Yao Zhao.
Moreover Cuba does not belong to multilateral institutions like the Inter-American Development Bank that could provide external guarantees.
"In the current conditions, without guarantees or convertibility, it is very difficult to imagine big investment in the renewable energy sector," said one Western diplomat.
CHINESE FUNDING
That is likely to force further reliance on China, already Cuba's top creditor in recent years, having offered loans as a way to hike trade with the island. Shanghai Electric is importing and building the Ciro Redondo plant, as well as helping finance it.
Project Manager Li Hui, already directing excavators shifting earth on site, said they will stay on after the factory is built as the head of the company's first branch in Cuba.
"We will hand them over a fully-functioning power plant," they said, adding that Shanghai Electric had to bring over new building equipment because the Cuban ones were antiquated and lacked spare parts.
But even Chinese largesse may have its limits. Chen said Biopower was now in discussions with overseas funders, mainly from Europe, and hoped to secure commercial funds for the second plant by the end of this year.
Macdonald said they hoped their project would be part of the launch of many foreign participations in the energy sector.
"But today, we are still pioneers," they said.
(Editing by Christian Plumb and Edward Tobin)
Consumer electronics maker Hisense Electric Co Ltd said it had become an official sponsor of FIFA, making it the latest Chinese company to partner with the global soccer governing body.
Hisense will engage in global marketing and advertising activities for FIFA's 2017 Confederations Cup and 2018 World Cup, the company said in a statement.
FIFA has been battered by a series of corruption scandals and has struggled to find new sponsors to replace top-tier partners Sony Corp and Emirates Airline after their deals expired at the end of 2014.
The soccer body signed a partnership in March last year with real estate and media conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group, the first Chinese company to sign up as a FIFA partner.
The company received the highest sponsorship rights, including rights to all FIFA competitions and corporate activities up to and including the 2030 FIFA World Cup.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd was in discussions to become a top sponsor of FIFA, Bloomberg reported in May last year.
(Reporting by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
FILR PHOTO: The London Stock Exchange is seen in the City of London April 11, 2011. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON Britain's top share index inched lower on Tuesday after rising to a three-week high in the previous session, as results weighed on Tesco (TSCO.L) shares and the broader UK supermarket sector.
The blue chip FTSE 100 .FTSE index fell 0.2 percent in light volume before a market holiday later in the week.
Industrial stocks led the index's gains, with engineer Rolls-Royce (RR.L) gaining the most, 2.5 percent. Materials and financials were the biggest drag.
British grocers fell, led by Tesco (TSCO.L). Its shares dropped 5.7 percent after the company reported full-year figures.
Tesco's full-year profit beat forecasts, rising 30 percent, but analysts flagged such negatives as a decline in international margin and a slowdown in UK and Ireland margins. The stock had rallied around 6 percent over the five sessions before the results.
"I am particularly surprised that Tesco finds itself so far down at the bottom (of the FTSE 100) because it seems, on all accounts, to be quite a positive results release on the whole," Henry Croft, research analyst at Accendo Markets, said.
"It just seems that these exceptional costs have really got in the way of investor sentiment because returning to sales growth for the first time in seven years is no mean feat," Accendo Markets' Croft added.
Peers Morrison's (MRW.L) and Sainsbury (SBRY.L) also fell, by 1.7 and 2.7 percent respectively. Mid-cap Booker Group (BOK.L), which has agreed to a 3.7 billion-pound ($4.6 billion) takeover by Tesco, also dropped 4.1 percent.
Shares in recruiter Pagegroup (PAGE.L) rose the most among British mid caps .FTMC, rising 7.1 percent. The company posted a record quarterly gross profit that beat expectations, helped by growth in its markets outside the UK.
(Reporting by Kit Rees; Additional reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Larry King)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
JOHANNESBURG, April 28 Russia's Norilsk Nickel said on Friday it had filed a lawsuit against the government of Botswana to try to recoup $271 million plus damages it says it is owed from the aborted sale of a 50 percent stake in the Nkomati mine in South Africa.
Botswana's state-run BCL Mine pulled out of a 3 billion pulas ($281 million) deal in October last year to buy a 50 percent stake in Nkomati Nickel Mine from Norilsk due to lack of funds.
Norilsk said in a statement it had served a notice of proceedings on the attorney general of Botswana, the minister of mineral resources and the minister of finance.
The mining company said that funding for the deal would come from or be guaranteed by the government but the state had made no effort to complete the deal.
"The government has displayed a complete disregard for the fair, frank and reasonable dealing with outsiders which BCL's insolvent circumstances demanded," Norilsk Nickel Africa CEO Michael Marriott said in a statement.
Norilsk had previously also filed a lawsuit in December 2016 against the BCL Group, saying it had failed to honour its obligations under the sale agreement.
Botswana officials were not immediately available for comment. (Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg; Editing by Ed Stoddard and Adrian Croft)
* Australia to build publicly-funded 2nd airport for Sydney
* Private sector deemed $3.8 bln project too risky
* Qantas sees potential for low-cost hub (Recasts throughout, adding CEO and economist quotes)
By Tom Westbrook and Byron Kaye
SYDNEY, May 2 The Australian government said on Tuesday it will build a A$5 billion ($3.76 billion) second international airport in Sydney, ending decades of indecision on the project which private investors deemed too risky and expensive.
The government stepped in after Sydney Airport Holdings declined its right to develop and run the new hub, even though its withdrawal promises to end its airport monopoly in Australia's biggest city and tourist drawcard.
But the site at Badgery's Creek is 40 km (25 miles) from central Sydney compared with 8 km for the existing airport, and critics question its viability without a rail link to the city. Airlines also warn that fees will need to be low to encourage them to switch.
"It's a burden that the government has the capacity to bear - the burden being not simply the costs, but the risks," independent economist Saul Eslake told Reuters.
"Nobody really knows what the demand for services at this facility is likely to be."
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the project would inject more than A$1.9 billion into the economy during the construction phase alone.
It is expected to open in late 2026 and boost inbound air passenger numbers to Sydney by about a quarter, or 10 million people per year in the early years.
RISK AND RETURN
Sydney Airport, which had first right of refusal to build the airport, earlier on Tuesday said it would not proceed with the project which it had previously called "deeply uneconomic".
"The risks associated with the development and operation of the airport are considerable, and that will continue for many decades without commensurate returns for our investors," Sydney Airport Chief Executive Kerrie Mather said at the Macquarie Australia Conference, an economic forum.
Sydney Airport will lose its monopoly as a result, but it could benefit from lower-margin domestic traffic migrating to the second airport, allowing it to accept more lucrative international traffic, analysts say.
The semi-rural site at Badgery's Creek on Sydney's western outskirts was first mooted in 1946 as the limits of the first airport - hemmed in by suburbs and the sea in the city's east - became clear.
The new airport is initially envisaged as a low-cost hub for mostly domestic flights by airlines like Qantas Airways Ltd's budget arm Jetstar. Sydney Airport has the highest landing fees in Australia.
"You need to have it like Stansted, a low-cost operation, an airport that's designed for those purposes," Qantas Chief Executive Alan Joyce said at the Macquarie event, referring to London's low-cost hub.
While the opposition Labor Party supports a government build, shadow transport spokesperson Anthony Albanese on Tuesday said it was "essential" for a rail line to be "up and running from day one".
The government said it is studying railway routes but has not promised a line as part of the initial build.
It also flagged its possible sale after construction.
"In due course you would expect this infrastructure asset to return to private ownership," Infrastructure Minister Paul Fletcher told Sky News television.
Turnbull said more details on the project would be provided in next week's federal budget. ($1 = 1.3287 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Jamie Freed, Tom Westbrook and Byron Kaye; Editing by Jane Wardell and Stephen Coates)
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK U.S. stocks rallied on Thursday, with the Nasdaq closing at a record, as a round of solid earnings led by American Express pushed equities higher.
The credit card company (AXP.N) closed up 5.9 percent as the top boost to the Dow Industrials after reporting a smaller-than-expected drop in quarterly profit late Wednesday.
CSX Corp (CSX.O), up 5.6 percent, was one of the best performers on the S&P 500 after the railroad reported a better-than-expected quarterly net profit driven by rising freight volumes and said it plans to cut costs and boost profitability moving forward.
"You need a catalyst to go higher and the only one that is out there to me that is logical and would drive the market higher is earnings, and so far it is OK," said Phil Blancato, CEO of Ladenberg Thalmann Asset Management in New York.
"You look at a day like today and it tells you there is a lot of cash on the sidelines that wants an opportunity to buy when the market sells off even just a little bit."
Major indexes have fallen for two straight weeks, retreating from record levels as worries about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on their pro-growth promises raised some concern about stretched stock valuations.
Mounting tensions between North Korea and the United States, as well as the looming French presidential elections, also served to heighten investor caution. Recent polls showed centrist Emmanuel Macron hung on to their lead in a four-way French race that is too close to call.
Of the 82 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported earnings through Thursday afternoon, about 75 percent have topped expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, above the 71 percent average for the past four quarters.
Overall, profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.1 percent in the quarter, the best since 2011.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 174.22 points, or 0.85 percent, to 20,578.71, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 17.67 points, or 0.76 percent, to 2,355.84 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 53.74 points, or 0.92 percent, to 5,916.78.
The S&P 500 closed just below its 50-day moving average, a level that had acted as resistance after the index fell below it last week.
Philip Morris (PM.N) fell 3.5 percent to $109.98 as the biggest drag to the benchmark S&P index after the tobacco maker's first-quarter profit forecast fell below estimates.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.49-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.61-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 40 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 117 new highs and 35 new lows.
About 6.65 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.3 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.
(Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
(Adds dropped words "reports quarterly EPS of $0.31" in headline)
May 2 North American Energy Partners Inc
* North American Energy Partners Inc announces results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017
* Quarterly revenue rose 18.2 percent to C$92.8 million
* Quarterly earnings per share $0.31
* Says "oil price appears to have stabilized at around US$50 per barrel and may head higher as 2017 unfolds"
* Believes has work opportunities to still meet its financial growth targets for 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MILAN, April 6 Italian market regulator has summoned Assogestioni, whose funds invest in Telecom Italia , after reports that it met with the phone group's top shareholder ahead of a shareholder meeting in May, two sources close to the matter said.
A source confirmed Italian media reports that the CEO of Vivendi, which has a 24 percent stake in Telecom Italia, had met the minority shareholder group earlier this week. Vivendi and Assogestioni are due to present rival slates of candidates for Telecom Italia's new board by the end of Sunday.
Sources have said Vivendi is considering putting its CEO Arnaud de Puyfontaine forward as Telecom Italia's next chairperson, potentially aggravating concerns about the French group's growing influence over Italian companies. (Reporting by Maria Pia Quaglia and Agnieszka Flak)
BRASILIA, April 20 Interest rate cuts should help Brazil's economy return to growth, central bank directors Carlos Viana and Tiago Berriel said on Thursday at different events in Washington according to a statement published by the central bank on its website. (Reporting by Alonso Soto and Silvio Cascione; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
March 31 hhgregg Inc:
* hhgregg - on March 29, co executed consulting agreement with a contractual JV comprised of Tiger Capital Group Great American Group
* hhgregg-Consulting deal appoints Tiger Capital Group,Great American Group to conduct sale of merchandise in 132 retail store locations,distribution centers
* hhgregg - sales of merchandise shall commence on april 8, only to extent that no acceptable going concern bids are received by company by April 7
* hhgregg - based on terms of consulting deal, co does not anticipate any value will remain from bankruptcy estate for holders of co's common stock
* hhgregg-As per consulting agreement, Tiger Capital Group, Great American Group shall be paid in amount equal to 1.25pct of proceeds from merchandise's sale Source text:(bit.ly/2nmiUAU) Further company coverage:
April 10 China Huishan Dairy Holding Co Ltd said on Monday courts in Shanghai ruled to have the company's assets frozen, following an application by a creditor of the troubled dairy firm.
The ruling is the latest blow for China's largest integrated dairy firm after its shares were suspended from trading following an 85 percent plunge in a single day last month.
The company has also missed loan repayments and lost contact with a key executive in charge of its finances and cash.
China Huishan said Shanghai courts ruled to freeze assets worth 546.1 million yuan ($79 million) of the company, its controlling shareholder Yang Kai and their wife.
The ruling is in response to an application by Gopher Asset Management Co Ltd, one of the company's creditors. A similar application by Gopher was rejected late last month by a Hong Kong court.
The diary firm also said on Monday it had received a letter from lenders alleging non-compliance with conditions under a $200 million debt facility. The lenders alleged that the company was in default.
Huishan, founded in 2009, grabbed headlines last year when it sold and leased back part of its herd, but its most recent troubles have laid bare risks of excess leverage and financial engineering in unexpected quarters of corporate China.
Huishan has been on the back foot since a December attack by U.S.-based short-seller Muddy Waters.
($1 = 6.8988 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting By Justin George Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK/WILMINGTON, Del. Texas regulators on Thursday agreed to scuttle NextEra Energy Inc's (NEE.N) $18 billion purchase of Energy Future Holdings Corp [EFHC.UL] [TXEFHE.UL], finding that the deal was not in the public interest.
The three-member Public Utility Commission of Texas found that the deal, a key component of Energy Future's plan to exit an approximately three-year bankruptcy, placed too much risk on ratepayers, its members said in a public meeting Thursday.
Energy Future is the majority owner of Oncor, the state's largest power network.
The commission said it was concerned about the debt of the combined company, the independence of Oncor's board and payments to the parent company at the expense of Oncor.
NextEra and Energy Future Holdings declined to comment.
This is the second plan to sell Oncor that has met regulatory resistance. A separate plan to sell Oncor to a group of creditors and investors led by privately held Hunt Consolidated Inc of Texas collapsed in 2016 after it hit obstacles from the commission.
The path forward for Energy Future may now involve converting some of its debt to equity, or recapitalizing by selling stock, and emerging as a standalone entity, people familiar with the matter said Thursday. That path calls for drafting a new plan of reorganization for the company.
Bankruptcy court approved Energy Future's reorganization plan that included the planned sale to NextEra in February, after the company reached agreements with some creditors modifying what they were owed.
The Texas commission plans to meet and formally vote on the NextEra deal at an April meeting.
"In each case I believe that (NextEra's) deal killers are also mine," wrote Commissioner Kenneth Anderson in a memorandum dated March 30, adding that they thought it would waste time to potentially accept the deal with conditions NextEra could not accept.
(Reporting by Jessica DiNapoli in New York and Tom Hals in Wilmington, Delaware; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PALLEKELE, Sri Lanka (Reuters) - India's bowlers left Sri Lanka staring at a big defeat and a series whitewash after another shambolic batting performance saw the hosts being bundled out for 135 in their first innings in the third and final test on Sunday.
The hosts, who also suffered heavy defeats in Galle and Colombo inside four days, were made to follow on and reached 19 for one at close of the second day's play, still trailing India by 333 with nine second innings wickets in hand.
Opening batsman Upul Tharanga made seven before they chopped Umesh Yadav onto their stumps for their second dismissal in the day. Dimuth Karunaratne was unbeaten on 12 with nightwatchman Malinda Pushpakumara yet to score.
It was all-rounder Hardik Pandya's 108, their maiden hundred, that set the ball rolling in the morning for the whitewash-chasing India, who posted 487 before being all out in the first over after the lunch break.
Pandya smashed their hundred off just 86 deliveries before they were the last batsman out, giving Sri Lanka left-arm spinner Lakshan Sandakan their maiden five-wicket haul in tests.
India fast bowler Mohammed Shami did the early damage to Sri Lanka's first innings by dismissing both openers cheaply before left-arm wrist-spinner Kuldeep Yadav ran through the middle and lower order with four wickets for 40.
Sri Lanka got off to a terrible start in their first innings when Tharanga edged Shami to wicketkeeper Wriddhiman Saha for five and inexplicably called for a review after consultation with opening partner Karunaratne.
Replays showed a clear edge and Karunaratne soon joined their departed colleague back in the dressing room after falling in similar fashion for four.
Kusal Mendis (18) was then run out after a mix-up with captain Dinesh Chandimal before former skipper Angelo Mathews fell leg before to medium-pace bowling all-rounder Pandya without scoring.
Cricket - Sri Lanka v India - Third Test Match - Pallekele, Sri Lanka - August 13, 2017 - Sri Lanka's Lakshan Sandakan celebrates with captain Dinesh Chandimal after taking the wicket of India's Mohammed Shami (not pictured). Dinuka Liyanawatte
Chandimal was the only batsman to provide some resistance with a dogged 48 but became one of spinner Ravichandran Ashwin's two wickets.
PANDYA HEROICS
Pandya's century was also a maiden first-class ton for the 23-year-old right-hander, who hit eight boundaries and seven sixes in their knock.
Slideshow (3 Images)
India resumed on 329-6 but suffered an early blow when they lost Saha for 16 in the second over of the day after the keeper guided seamer Vishwa Fernando's left-arm delivery straight into the hands of the gully fielder.
Kuldeep showed they were a more than capable lower-order batsman with a well-crafted 26, more importantly adding 62 in an eighth-wicket stand that dampened Sri Lanka's hopes of restricting the touring side to under 400.
Kuldeep fell to their wrist-spinning counterpart Sandakan, who also dismissed Shami for eight.
That brought Pandya, unbeaten on one overnight, and Umesh together for the last wicket, allowing the former a license to free their bat in search of quick runs.
The clean-hitting Pandya soon tore into the Sri Lanka attack and blasted 26 in one over from Pushpakumara, hitting the left-arm spinner for two fours and three sixes in five deliveries.
They reached three figures with a straight punch for four off paceman Lahiru Kumara.
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
March 31 Sinocare Inc :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 3.6 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/RUQXy2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
By Vincent Ujumadu
Awka – Barely 24 hours after taking their oath of office for the second tenure, Governor Willie Obiano has made their first set of appointments.
Former Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu was reappointed, while a former senior special assistant to the governor,Mr. Primus Okilie was named the Chief of Staff to the governor.
Former SSA on media, Mr James Eze was appointed the chief press secretary to the governor.
The new appointees would be sworn in today by the governor.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DAY 57 / MARCH 17: The first face-to-face meeting between President Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel started awkwardly and ended even more oddly, with a quip by Trump about wiretapping that left the German leader visibly bewildered. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
HANNOVER, Germany German Chancellor Angela Merkel fueled expectations of a future EU-U.S trade deal on Sunday, saying they were "very encouraged" talks were being looked at after their recent trip to Washington.
Merkel, speaking at the opening of the 70th annual Hannover Messe trade fair, said Germany was opposed to protectionism and trade barriers, and would continue to work for trade agreements like the one signed between the European Union and Canada.
"I also feel very encouraged by my visit to the United States that negotiations between the EU and the United States on a free trade agreement ... are also being looked at," they said.
Merkel's comments came after the London Times reported on Saturday that U.S. President Donald Trump had warmed to a deal with the bloc after meeting Merkel in March.
A source close to the White House was quoted as saying that there had been a "realization" in the Trump administration that a trade deal with the EU - allowing the tariff-free exchange of goods and services - was more important to U.S. interests than a post-Brexit deal with Britain.
The newspaper quoted a senior German politician as saying that Trump had repeatedly asked Merkel about signing a bilateral trade deal, but was told such an accord could only be negotiated by the EU.
Merkel did not mention the exchange, saying only that they were very encouraged following their U.S. visit and adding that the EU's first priority was to complete work on a deal with Japan.
One of Trump's first acts as president was to cancel U.S. participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a free trade deal among 11 Pacific Rim countries.
The EU and the United States had begun negotiating the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership under then-President Barack Obama, but the work was not completed.
Dieter Kempf, president of the BDI industry group, warned Washington against pursuing protectionist policies.
"Those who have trouble understanding how trade surpluses and globalization effects are created are invited to come here and take a look," they said.
They also warned the EU against watering down the four basic freedoms of its single market during negotiations with Britain about its exit from the bloc.
"We cannot let the four basic freedoms of the EU be diluted by special arrangements or cherry-picking," they said.
Merkel said the EU would insist on maintaining them, saying: "We want to continue good relations with Britain, while maintaining the advantages of the single market for ourselves".
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal, Reuters TV and Andreas Rinke; editing by Alexander Smith)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Officials from the Veterans Affairs Department were pressed Tuesday to explain how the paperless fix to the disability claims process has initially resulted in growing backlogs.
The claims backlog stood at about 76,000 last May before the VA solution called the National Work Queue was fully implemented, but the backlog last week was at 101,000 cases, said Rep. Mike Bost, an Illinois Republican and chairperson of the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs.
At a hearing of the panel, Ronald S. Burke Jr., the VA assistant deputy secretary for Field Operations National Work Queue, didn't dispute Bost's numbers but said one of the problems is that "this is a relatively new initiative."
Willie C. Clark Sr., deputy under secretary for Field Operations, said the new system has improved efficiency for veterans and the result is that "they submit more claims."
The queue was described by Thomas J. Murphy, acting under secretary for benefits at the Veterans Benefits Administration, as an electronic records system "to ensure veterans receive a more timely decision on their disability compensation claims."
With the technology, the VA now has the ability to shift overloads in the system from one regional VA office to another. "This new environment allows VA the flexibility to move claims around the country that have the capacity to take the next action on a veteran's claim," Murphy said.
"On its face, this is common sense," Bost said. "NWQ allows VA to distribute its workload evenly across the nation to reduce waiting times for veterans who file claims for benefits. However, there are some concerns about whether NWQ is actually performing as it should."
The claims backlog was at about 99,000 cases as of Tuesday, Murphy said, and they acknowledged that "we're never going to get to zero. That's not going to happen."
Some claims, particularly those involving radiation disability, simply take more time, and it would "not be the right thing to do" for the veteran to speed up the process, they said.
Rep. Elizabeth Esty, a Connecticut Democrat and the acting ranking member on the subcommittee, said they are concerned that the electronic system allows too many VA claims processors to become involved, or have "touches," on a particular case.
Burke said that a claim in the new system normally involves five or six involvements by processors.
"We need to reduce the number," Esty said.
In a separate panel at the subcommittee hearing, several veterans service organizations said they are generally in favor of the paperless claims system that allows VA to shift cases among regional offices.
The implementation of the electronic system "has been credited with assisting in the reduction of the backlog that peaked at 611,073 claims in 2013," said Zachary Hearn, deputy director of claims in the National Veterans Affairs and Rehabilitation Division of the American Legion.
However, in their prepared remarks for the subcommittee, Hearn said the Legion is concerned that its accredited representatives assisting veterans with claims at local regional offices are not being kept fully informed when cases are processed at another regional office.
Hearn said there is a need for a notification system to be installed in the queue "for accredited representatives so that they would know when a claim adjudicated in another location requires a review."
A similar complaint came from Ryan Gallucci, deputy director for National Veterans Service at the Veterans of Foreign Wars, who also said that the VFW's accredited representatives are sometimes out of the loop when ratings decisions are made at another VA regional office.
"At first, it may look good that VA was able to send the rating to the veteran more quickly," Gallucci said, "but this is no good if the decision is inaccurate and if our advocates have no way to explain the rating decisions to our veterans."
-- Richard Sisk can be reached at Richard.Sisk@Military.com.
MEXICO CITY, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mexico's foreign minister said on Friday that Mexico would never support a violent solution to the crisis in Venezuela, whether internal or external, a day after U.S Secretary of State Rex Tillerson raised the prospect of a military uprising.
Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray made the comments in a news conference with Tillerson and Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland in Mexico City.
Tillerson said on Friday that they wanted to see a free, fair election in Venezuela and a return to the constitution. They added that Mexico should pay attention to Russian intervention in elections around the world ahead of its July presidential election. (Reporting by Anthony Esposito and Gabriel Stargardter)
Italian-born conservationist Kuki Gallmann poses for a photograph during the Highland Games in Laikipia Kenya, September 22, 2012. REUTERS/Stringer
NAIROBI Kenyan police have yet to take witness statements or gather ballistic evidence from the site of an ambush where gunmen wounded a world-famous conservationist, sources say, and are unable to give details about suspects they said they arrested.
Kuki Gallmann, the 73-year-old Kenyan-Italian author of "I Dreamed of Africa," was shot twice in the stomach on Sunday after gunmen ambushed their vehicle when they went to inspect arson damage on their conservation park in northern Kenya.
Leading politicians rapidly issued statements on the shooting, which could damage Kenya's tourism industry, and the interior ministry announced on Monday that suspects had been arrested and a weapon recovered.
The attack follows months of violence and at least 14 civilian deaths in the Laikipia region. Herdsmen fleeing a severe drought have brought tens of thousands of animals onto private land.
Residents say politicians are encouraging the invasions, hoping to win support for lucrative seats in August elections, and criminal gangs are taking advantage of the chaos.
Last month the government sent troops to Laikipia but the violence continues; four police were killed this month.
Gallmann, who was played by Kim Basinger in a 2000 movie adaptation of their book, is internationally renowned for their work on their 86,000-acre ranch and nature conservancy.
After the attack garnered international headlines, the interior minister swiftly announced suspects had been arrested.
But a source close to the investigation said they were only aware of one firearm recovered in the district on Sunday. It was involved in a different, fatal, shooting on the same morning 100 kilometres away, the source said.
Neither the county commander, the officer commanding the police division in Laikipia West, nor the officer in charge of the local police station near Gallmann's conservancy were able to clarify when or where the suspects were arrested and the firearm recovered.
"I don't have such information," said Mutwire Ring'era, the police officer in charge of Laikipia.
The police spokesperson and interior ministry did not respond to requests for comment.
Nigel Adams, Gallmann's son-in-law, said the family had not been informed of any arrests.
Police have also not taken witness statements or inspected the scene of the shooting on the Gallmann conservancy to recover ballistic evidence, although they have towed away their vehicle, said workers at the conservancy.
"They've never been to the scene, no witnesses have been interviewed," said one worker.
On Tuesday, a station for Kenya Wildlife Service rangers was burned down on the Gallmann conservancy, the worker said.
(Additional reporting by Humphrey Malalo; Editing by Toby Chopra)
* TSX down 31.01 points, or 0.2 percent, to 15,547.75
* Six of the TSX's 10 main groups were lower (Adds details, analyst comment, updates with close)
TORONTO/OTTAWA, March 31 Canada's main stock index ended modestly lower on Friday, weighed by financial and railway companies, though better-than-expected results from BlackBerry offset some of the losses as its stock surged.
Despite the small decline, the Toronto stock market ended the first quarter up 1.7 percent, its fifth consecutive quarterly advance. Although the market hit a record high last month, it has pulled back somewhat since.
"We had a bit of a consolidation toward the end of this quarter, which I think was very healthy," said Rick Hutcheon, president and chief operating officer at RKH Investments.
"I think the market needs to pause a little bit. I suspect we're going to be in a situation where the market trades in a bit of a range for a while."
Shares of BlackBerry Ltd jumped 11.1 percent to C$10.3 after the company reported better-than-expected adjusted earnings and said it expects to be profitable on an adjusted basis in 2018.
BlackBerry was one of the biggest lifts on the index, while the tech group was the best performing sector, climbing 0.7 percent.
But the market was weighed by declines in financial shares, including Royal Bank of Canada, which fell 1.0 percent to C$96.89. Bank of Nova Scotia declined 1.1 percent to C$77.8. The overall financials group slipped 0.6 percent.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index ended down 31.01 points, or 0.2 percent, to 15,547.75. Of the index's 10 main groups, six fell.
CIBC, which fell nearly 3 percent on Thursday after it raised its offer for PrivateBancorp Inc, recouped some of the previous session's losses, rising 0.8 percent to C$114.67.
Canada's two biggest rail operators also dragged, with Canadian Pacific Railway slipping 1.0 percent to C$195.35 and Canadian National Railway off 0.5 percent to C$98.16.
Energy stocks tracked moves in oil prices, which edged up after falling below $50 a barrel. The Canadian energy group edged up 0.2 percent.
U.S. crude prices settled up 25 cents at $50.60 a barrel, though Brent crude lost 13 cents to $52.83.
Data showed the Canadian economy expanded by a healthy 0.6 percent in January from December, indicating first-quarter growth will be stronger than expected as the country gradually recovers from the shock of low oil prices.
Advancing stocks outnumbered declining ones on the TSX by 129 to 110, for a 1.17-to-1 ratio on the upside.
The index posted 10 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows. (Reporting by Solarina Ho in Toronto and Leah Schnurr in Ottawa; Editing by Sandra Maler)
March 28 Wooridul Huebrain Ltd :
* Says it will sell entire 260,000 shares of With Pharm for 1.43 billion won
* Says it will hold 0 percent stake in With Pharm after the transaction
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/9wPvQ2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
April 28 Shandong Shanda Wit Science and Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 1.5 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To distribute 3 new share for every 10 shares as stock dividends
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/1tUL0Y
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Midfielder Yaya Toure is hoping Manchester City can avoid a trophy-less season by winning the FA Cup in May but insists the side remain focused on their Premier League campaign and Saturday's clash against Southampton.
Fourth-placed City, who dropped out of the title race after losing to league leaders Chelsea earlier this month, face Arsenal in an FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on April 23 as they target a sixth victory in the tournament and first since 2011.
"I want to win trophies. I hope we can lift something for us and the fans this year," Toure told the club's website. "All this year, we've been fighting for something... The FA Cup is a big target for us this year. We're looking forward to it."
City travel to ninth-placed Southampton with two wins in their last five visits to St Mary's and will be eager to maintain their four-point cushion over fifth-placed Manchester United, who have a game in hand.
"First of all, we have Southampton and then we'll see what happens," the Ivorian said.
"I'm the type of player that always wants to win. In football, sometimes you can lose or draw. We want to always be at the top but we want to keep on going... We play Southampton and we'll try and win that game."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* Graphic of Saudi OSP vs. Brent-Dubai swaps: tmsnrt.rs/2o55LQ4
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON, Australia, April 6 Saudi Aramco's decision to cut prices for lighter grades of oil for customers in Asia is a sign of just how seriously the world's top crude exporter is taking its battle with U.S. shale and other producers outside last year's move to cut output.
The Saudi Arabian state oil company lowered the official selling price (OSP) of its benchmark Arab Light grade by 30 cents a barrel for May cargoes destined for Asia, which buys about two-thirds of the kingdom's exports.
This took the OSP to a discount of 45 cents a barrel to the regional benchmark Oman-Dubai. It was the second straight month that Aramco cut the price, even though the Saudis are the major player in the agreement between producer group OPEC and its allies to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first six months of the year.
Aramco also reduced the OSP for its Arab Extra Light grade by 35 cents a barrel to a premium of 60 cents over Oman-Dubai for May-loading cargoes for Asian customers, and for Super Light by 20 cents. In contrast, the OSPs for Arab Medium and Heavy were left unchanged.
It's worth noting that Arab Light isn't actually a light crude in the mould of global benchmark Brent, as its API gravity of 32-33 degrees makes it a medium grade, compared with Brent's light 38.3 degrees.
But Arab Extra Light and Super Light are more directly comparable to Brent, and they both saw price reductions.
It's appears that Aramco, mainly a producer of medium to heavy grades, is responding to the light grades of crude swamping Asian markets as U.S. producers ramp up shale output and West Africa increases production.
Another way of looking at it is by noting the difference between light and heavy prices in Asia.
The main way of doing this is via the Dubai-Brent exchange for swaps DUB-EFS-1M, which measures the premium of the lighter grade over its heavier Middle Eastern counterpart.
This has been on a narrowing trend this year as heavier grades became more scarce following output cuts by OPEC and its allies, including Russia.
The premium commanded by Brent dropped from $4.65 a barrel in January 2016 to just $1.08 on Feb. 28, a 17-month low.
When the premium of Brent over Dubai is declining, Aramco has in the past adjusted its Asian OSP lower as well, which acts to keep its crude prices relatively constant between regions.
However, since the Feb. 28 low, the Brent-Dubai swaps have been trending modestly higher, reaching $1.28 a barrel on April 4.
In theory, this should have resulted in a small increase in the Saudi OSP, or perhaps steady prices, rather than the price cuts actually delivered.
LIGHT OIL PUSH
This indicates that the Saudis are pushing their lighter grades into Asia at competitive prices. Physical oil traders also report that there is no shortage of light crude and cargoes are trading at discounts to their OSPs.
It seems that in Asia the output cuts by OPEC and its allies have shifted the battleground to lighter grades of crude, and the reason is starting to show up in import figures.
Data compiled by Thomson Reuters Supply Chain and Commodity Forecasts indicates that Middle Eastern producers are losing ground in Asia.
The Middle East's share of Asia's crude imports in March was 61.5 percent, down from as high as 65.9 percent as recently as January, according to vessel-tracking and port data.
In contrast, the share from exporters in the West, which includes U.S. shale, Canada, Brazil and even cargoes from Europe's North Sea, rose to 19.7 percent, up from 17.9 percent in January, and the second-highest share in the past year, behind only December's 19.9 percent.
It appears as if the Saudis are attempting to maintain market share in Asia by trying to match the pricing and availability of lighter crudes from producers outside the output agreement between OPEC and its allies.
At the same time, they are reducing shipments of heavier grades of crude to meet their commitments to reduce overall output.
If this trend continues, it's possible that Asian markets will end up with a surplus of lighter crudes and a deficit of heavier grades, which could conceivably send the Brent-Dubai swaps into a discount for the first time in seven years.
(Editing by Richard Pullin)
LONDON, March 31 Following are five big themes likely to dominate thinking of investors and traders in the coming week and the Reuters stories related to them.
1/ JUMPY OVER TRUMP-XI
U.S. and Chinese presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping meet at one of Trump's resort hotels in Florida next week. The talks will set the tone of the relationship between the world's two biggest economies for the next few years and will reveal just how hard Trump is likely to play things with China on issues ranging from trade protectionism and currency manipulation to North Korea. Having been scuppered in their attempts to scrap Obamacare, Trump might see this as a good opportunity to show the American people some muscle flexing. They have already fired a few shots on Twitter, saying it will be a "very difficult" meeting and that the U.S. "can no longer have massive trade deficits and job losses."
* China downplays tensions with U.S. and Xi prepares to meet Trump
* Trump says trade gap will make China meeting 'a very difficult one'
* Trump to order trade abuses study, improve import duty collection
2/ BACK TO BASICS
Major currency markets are in one of those downbeat moments where no clear trend prevails. The opening salvoes of Donald Trump's presidency have not delivered the surge many predicted last year for the dollar. The belief in a steady reeling-in of European monetary stimulus that drove the euro higher in the past fortnight has also abated. No-one wants to back the pound through Brexit talks. And it would take a deeper and more longer-lasting correction in equities markets to build any faith in the yen. So possibly, we go back to the start and the higher U.S. yields that fundamentally support the greenback. GDP on Thursday was strong, some Fed officials predict up to three more hikes and another solid non-farm payrolls read on Friday would have the market thinking about some clear signalling for another rise in June. Unless Donald says, or tweets, different...
* Euro hits two-week low as inflation lags expectations
* Huge range of sterling forecasts clouds horizon
* Fed's Rosengren says sees 3 further rate hikes this year
3/ TAPER TEST
The first stage of the European Central Bank's slow withdrawal of monetary stimulus next week may throw into sharp relief they have- and have-nots in the bloc's debt markets. Weaker, so-called peripheral states like Portugal and Italy are seen as most dependent on the trillions of euros the ECB has spent over the past few years to shore up growth and inflation. But some investors worry an era of rock-bottom rates has papered over the cracks for countries which have not delivered the structural reforms needed to put their economies on a steadier footing. When the ECB from Monday trims its monthly bond purchases from 80 billion to 60 billion euros, it will be a major test of confidence in these countries and how they can withstand a return to normal monetary conditions in the future.
* Bonds of euro zone laggards quiver with ECB poised to trim QE
* Legitimate to review ECB pledge to keep rates at bottom: Coeure
* Spooked by yield rise, ECB wary of changing message again
4/ GORDHAN GETS ZUMA-ED
The revolving doors at South Africa's finance ministry are spinning again. After days of speculation, President Jacob Zuma finally reshuffled their cabinet, sacking their Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan. The decision to remove Gordhan -- seen as a guarantor of steady policymaking by many investors -- spooked markets, sending the rand tumbling and bond yields soaring. The turmoil also exposed deep rifts within the government. Zuma's deputy Cyril Ramaphosa told their boss they did not agree with the move, bank and business leaders in Africa's most industrialised economy have come out in force in their criticism and the opposition has mooted a motion of no-confidence against Zuma. Markets are closely watching out for reaction from credit ratings agencies which could see South Africa lose its coveted investment-grade status, making it more costly for the country to borrow.
* South Africa's ANC divided, Zuma weakened by cabinet reshuffle
* BREAKINGVIEWS-Gordhan exit is dual blow for South African debt
* S.Africa's Gordhan says intelligence report used to fire them "nonsense"
* Fitch: South Africa cabinet reshuffle signals policy change
5/ ONTO Q2
The first quarter began with a bang across global equity markets though Europe still lagged its developed market peers. Over the course of the three months, however, two things changed. Firstly, a steady stream of better economic data trumped the fuzzy risks about geopolitics drawing investors back into a stock market trading at valuation discounts to the others. Secondly, banks and mining stocks -- the biggest beneficiaries of the reflation rally -- gave way to tech, which ends Q1 as the best performing sector in Europe as well as the most expensive on a price-to-earnings basis. Global investor interest in Europe is stirring back to life and the hunt is on to seek out stocks and sectors that stand to benefit the most from a revival in economic growth, inflation and the brightest earnings outlook for the region in seven years.
* Europe sector performance YTD: bit.ly/2h3SjpY
* Investors bet on a quiet tech revolution in Europe
* Europe back in vogue as Trump bulls pull in horns – BAML (Compiled by Dhara Ranasinghe; Editing by Catherine Evans)
FILE PHOTO - A man walks past a 1 Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) billboard at the funds flagship Tun Razak Exchange development in Kuala Lumpur, in this March 1, 2015 file photo. REUTERS/Olivia Harris/File Photo
BERN Swiss Attorney General Michael Lauber said on Wednesday that their money laundering investigation into Malaysian fund 1MDB was making progress despite Malaysian authorities' refusal to cooperate.
Combing through money laundering reports and bank documents with help from Singapore, Luxembourg and the United States was bearing fruit for their office, the OAG, they said.
"It's not hopeless, in fact it's the opposite," Lauber said.
"We're still confident we can successfully conclude the process ... in particular the open cases against the two banks," they said at a news conference, referring to Swiss private banks BSI and Falcon which have already had to pay out in the case.
1MDB, once a pet project of Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, is under investigation in at least six countries over billions of dollars of suspected misappropriations.
Presenting their 2016 annual report, Lauber outlined OAG activities including its investigation of bribery linked to Brazil's oil firm Petrobras, investigations into world soccer body FIFA personnel, and tracking terrorist financing.
"This place (Switzerland) is not a safe harbour, not for terrorists, not for money launderers, not for international corruption," they said. "We don't tolerate things like 1MDB, we don't tolerate things like Petrobras, we don't tolerate things like the whole FIFA soccer complex."
In the Petrobras case, the OAG said it has confiscated $1.1 billion in assets linked to the Brazilian oil group, up from $800 million in 2015. More than 1,000 Swiss accounts have been examined, including from Brazil's former speaker of the lower house, Eduardo Cunha, who was jailed last month.
Investigations into Sepp Blatter, ex-president of FIFA, on corruption charges and into Franz Beckenbauer for their role in Germany's bid for the 2006 World Cup were continuing, it said.
Lauber said they were also in touch with Dutch authorities over an international investigation made public on Thursday into suspected tax evasion and money laundering via Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) accounts.
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Airbus Group Chief Executive Tom Enders speaks during a news conference on the aerospace group's annual results, in London, Britain February 24, 2016. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
PARIS Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders has offered support for French presidential hopeful Emmanuel Macron, just days ahead of the second round of an election that will pit the centrist, pro-European candidate against far-right Marine Le Pen.
In a letter dated April 24 and published by the French newspaper l'Opinion, Enders said they were pleased Macron had made Europe and the Franco-German relationship a priority.
"This is a fundamental issue for a company like ours," Enders, referring to Airbus, whose foundation lies in European cooperation.
A spokesperson with Airbus confirmed the authenticity of the document, adding it was a personal one that had not been intended for publication.
Germany's Enders came out in favour of Britain staying in the European Union and wrote to employees to ask them to vote in the last European elections, drawing criticism from unions.
Polls predict Macron, a former economy minister, will win the May 7 run-off with about 59 to 60 percent of the vote. But the momentum has recently shifted to Le Pen, who has clawed back about five percentage points over the past week.
(Reporting by Matthias Blamont, Tim Hepher, editing by Larry King)
NEW YORK, April 10 U.S. Treasury yields were near flat late on Monday after an event at the University of Michigan's Ford School of Public Policy where Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen spoke broadly about the U.S. economy and monetary policy.
The yield on U.S. benchmark 10-year Treasury notes held at 2.366 percent, which was down marginally from Friday, while the two-year Treasury yield was 1.278 percent, nearly 1 basis point lower than Friday. (Reporting by Richard Leong, editing by G Crosse)
BRIEF-Tanvex BioPharma plans new issuance for working capital supplement
* Says it plans to issue about 23 million new shares of its common stock
LONDON, April 3 A €161m-equivalent portfolio of loans from Barings has been put up for sale in Europe's secondary loan market, banking sources said on Monday.
The sale is thought to be a redemption of a managed fund and is via a Bids Wanted in Competition (BWIC) process, with bids due by 2pm UK time on April 5, the sources said.
The BWIC has positions in 45 names, across a number of tranches and is denominated mainly in euros, with some dollars and sterling.
The portfolio has an average bid of 98.2% of face value. Broken down it has an average bid of 99.3% of face value on the euro loans, 93.9% of face value on the sterling loans and 92.7% of face value on the dollar loans, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
Barings was not immediately available to comment.
This is the latest BWIC to hit Europe's secondary loan market recently after GSO brought two portfolios of loans totalling €176m last week.
BWICs are a popular way to sell paper as sellers can guarantee best price execution as the bidding process means buyers are most likely to put their best offer forward.
“People will bid aggressively as a BWIC prompts a competitive dynamic. The certainty of supply means people will not be scared of showing their best hand as they know the paper will be there if they give the best price overall,” a trader said.
The BWIC is expected to garner heightened interest from investors looking to put money to work, disenchanted with the barrage of repricings and refinancings in the primary loan market and attracted to the slightly softening secondary market.
Europe's secondary loan market has softened over the last few weeks since average bids on Europe's top40 leveraged loan composite reached an all-time high of 101.05 on March 7, TRLPC data shows.
Now is seen as a good time to sell, in case the market softens further. While paper may not be getting what it fetched at the peak, prices are still deemed to be high, sources said.
Had Barings BWIC been launched on March 7, it would have had an average bid of 99.4% of face value, 1.2 points higher than 98.2 on April 3, TRLPC data shows.
“The BWIC will is likely to get some attention from buyers but levels wont be at their recent highs,” a senior investor said.
The trader added: “There are sales happening in case more softening occurs in the market. People are definitely waiting in the wings if names continue to drop a point or so.”
Some of the larger positions include €9.5m of Irish food company Valeo Foods; €8.4m-equivalent of Belgian chemical distributor Azelis; US$7.3-equivalent of printing and packaging supplier Flint; €7.3m of chemicals company Platform Specialty ; and €6m of German sports pitch maker Sport Group.
(Editing by Christopher Mangham)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Nokia Corp
* Nokia Corp says has been selected by altán redes to design, build and operate a new nationwide lte and 5G-ready wholesale network in Mexico
* Nokia Corp says the project in Mexico will generate a total investment of more than $7 billion over nine years Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Members of the European Parliament take part in a voting session on a resolution about Brexit priorities and the upcomming talks on the UK's withdrawal from the EU at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
Nigel Farage, United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) member and MEP, waits for the start of a debate on Brexit priorities and the upcomming talks on the UK's withdrawal from the EU, at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
The Union Jack (L), the Gibraltarian flag (C) and the European Union flag are seen flying, at the border of Gibraltar with Spain, in front of the Rock in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
Members of the European Parliament take part in a voting session on a resolution about Brexit priorities and the upcomming talks on the UK's withdrawal from the EU at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
STRASBOURG European Union lawmakers adopted a resolution on Wednesday setting their red lines for the two-year divorce talks with Britain and rejected attempts by British MEPs to recognise Gibraltar's pro-EU stance in the Brexit referendum.
In a display of EU unity, the legislature' text repeated the same priorities set by the EU summits' chair Donald Tusk in their draft negotiating guidelines released last week.
The European Parliament wants talks on Britain's future relations with the EU to start only after "substantial progress" is made on the bill for Brexit bill, on the Irish border, and on the rights of the 3 million EU citizens in Britain and the one million British residents in EU countries.
The text was backed by more than two-thirds of the deputies in the parliament, which will have to approve any deal with the United Kingdom.
Britain's Under Secretary for Brexit Robin Walker said this was "a positive move" although Britain would prefer to start trade talks as soon as possible. They told reporters at the session in Strasbourg that Britain will also put citizens' rights first in the Brexit process.
In a minor departure from Tusk's text, the parliament's resolution hinted at the possibility for Britain to reverse the Brexit process, stressing however that this would be possible only with the approval of all the remaining 27 member states.
"The door is open if Britain changes its mind," Gianni Pittella, head of the centre-left grouping, the second largest in the parliament, told reporters. The Greens expressed a similar wish.
The move was aimed at strengthening the hand of the 48 percent of Britons who voted against Brexit in last year's referendum, but was opposed by the EU chief negotiator on Brexit, Michel Barnier, parliament officials said.
The conservative grouping, the largest in the legislature, tried to distance itself from such a statement, although they backed the resolution. "Leave means leave," the conservatives' leader Manfred Weber said.
The resolution also allowed transitional arrangements to smooth the UK's departure, but they should not last more than three years. MEPs also insisted that at the end of the process Britain cannot expect better conditions than when it was an EU member.
GIBRALTAR
Lawmakers rejected two nearly identical amendments that would have added to the text a reference to Gibraltar's pro-EU vote in last year's Brexit referendum, a move meant to recall its residents back the EU but also prefer to remain in Britain.
The rocky British enclave on the southern Spain coast caused a harsh controversy after Tusk's guidelines gave Madrid a say in the future relationship between Gibraltar and the EU after Britain leaves the bloc.
Gibraltar rejected the idea of Britain sharing sovereignty with Spain by 99 percent to 1 percent in a 2002 referendum, but voted overwhelmingly to remain part of the EU in last June's Brexit vote.
The changes proposed by British Conservative lawmakers in the EU parliament and by a cross-party group of MEPs wanted to highlight that Gibraltar voted against Brexit.
They also wanted to add a reference to the enclave in a paragraph saying that a majority of electors in Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to stay in the EU.
The main groupings in the parliament opposed this change because "we do not agree to give to the Gibraltar issue the same importance as Scotland's and Northern Ireland's", a parliament official said.
Other amendments proposed by the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) eurosceptic grouping, deploring Tusk's guidelines on Gibraltar, were also widely rejected.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
* Plans to boost foreign bonds without FX hedging by about Y50 bln
* To increase foreign corporate bonds by around Y50 bln
* Sees dollar to strengthen vs yen on solid U.S. fundamentals
* Expects market to be less volatile than last year (Updates with graphic, bullet points and additional RICs)
By Hideyuki Sano and Yoshiko Mori
TOKYO, April 13 Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance plans to cut currency hedging on its U.S. Treasuries holdings in the fiscal year to March 2018, with the dollar expected to strengthen gradually, the company's investment planning executives said on Thursday.
The institutional investor also plans to step up investment in U.S. corporate bonds and other credit products to enhance yields while keeping investments in low-yielding domestic bond in check, they said.
"When you look at economic fundamentals there's no denying that the U.S. economy is firm. And that suggests the dollar's fair value should be above its current levels," said Hidetoshi Kurachi, manager of investment planning.
Japanese investors have stepped up buying in foreign bonds in recent years as alternative to low-yielding domestic bonds, helping to curb their yields. Last financial year, Japanese insurers bought a record 7.76 trillion yen ($71.3 billion) of foreign bonds.
The insurer, the core firm of Sompo Holdings group, expects the dollar to rise to 116 to 120 yen at the end of the current financial year next March, compared to below 109 yen now.
"Last financial year, we were expecting high market volatility and we were positioned to deal with that. But this year, we expect less choppy markets," Kurachi said.
Although the U.S. administration could veer towards more protectionist measures, which could trigger retaliation from trade partners thereby crimping world trade, it does not think that risk is big at the moment, they said.
Against that backdrop, the company plans to boost risk exposures by reducing currency hedging on foreign bonds and buying more corporate bonds.
Japanese investors typically make currency hedging on a large part of their foreign bond investment, paying a hefty hedge cost.
The investor plans to shift around 50 billion yen of funds from currency-hedged foreign bonds to unhedged ones in the current financial year, Kurachi said.
Sompo Japan also plans to add around 50 billion yen to its portfolio of corporate bonds, they added.
The firm has no plans to increase domestic bonds, whose yields remain low due to the Bank of Japan's quantitative easing and negative interest rates, Kurachi also said.
Sompo Japan is looking to cut its holding of Japanese stocks by around 100 billion yen as a part of its medium-term plan to reduce shares it has held for cross-holding and other business purposes.
($1 = 108.88 yen)
(Reporting by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim and Sam Holmes)
BRUSSELS EU antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager will hold a news conference at noon, where they are expected to approve ChemChina's [CNNCC.UL] bid for Syngenta and block a Croatian deal by Germany's HeidelbergCement and Schwenk.
Vestager will start their news conference at 1000 GMT, the European Commission said in a statement, without providing details.
ChemChina will likely gain EU approval for the largest foreign acquisition by a Chinese company after agreeing to sell a couple of national product registrations in more than a dozen EU countries, sources told Reuters in February.
A joint bid by German cement producers HeidelbergCement and Schwenk for Mexican company Cemex's Croatian business is expected to be rejected after the companies failed to convince regulators of the merits of the deal, other people told Reuters last month.
The Commission's deadline for the ChemChina deal is April 12 and April 18 for the HeidelbergCement bid. The EU competition enforcer typically announces decisions for complex cases ahead of schedule.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Jeddah, April 2017 Al-Dawliya Company for Watches agent of Lee Cooper watches has held a meeting for distributors in order to introduce the latest designs it intends to launch in the Saudi market.
End
-- The meeting comes within the context of strengthening the relationships with distributors and discussing the company's strategy for the future, as it prepares for launching the latest creations of Lee Cooper watches.In the event, Mr. Mohammed Al Aidroos, the chairperson of the company has emphasized that the company works to promote its brand by increasing the brands it represents in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the objective being achieving the versatility and bringing more distinguished global watches institutions. Mr. Mohammed Al Aidroos said that the meeting came to highlight the company's keenness towards sustaining the development of the beneficial mutual relations with the company's success partners, introducing new exclusive watch agencies obtained by the company in the Saudi market, keeping up with the times and striving towards continuous development. They extended their gratitude to those who contributed to the company's successes and excellence in the Saudi market. They have also emphasized on the importance of cooperation to increase the sales of the watches represented by the company, either through Al-Dawliya showrooms or through the approved distributors, especially that they are preparing for Ramadan and Hajj seasons. Mr. Mohammed Al Aidroos explained that the company excelled and preserved its excellence through dedicated and unrelenting works, providing the best of after sales services.During the meeting Mr. Mohammed Al Aidroos provided a detailed account about the latest models produced by "Lee Cooper, the House of International Fashions" and "Christian-Lacroix, the House of French Fashions" which had been launched recently in Basel Fair 2017, with a presentation to these models that met the admiration of audiences, thanks to their modern and elegant designs that suit all tastes. Concluding their speech, Mr. Mohammed Al Aidroos praised the members of the board and work team for what they have achieved and will achieve to satisfy the company's clients and keep abreast with the anticipated development.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
This story is about Published 27m
TCU is as good as every top-10 team in the country except for Alabama and maybe Clemson Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Rodger Mallison/TNS Texas Christian head coach Gary Patterson and their team get ready to take the field against Jackson State at Amon G. Carter Stadium in Fort Worth, Texas, on Saturday, Sept. 2, 2017. (Rodger Mallison/Fort Worth Star-Telegram/TNS)
By Matt Mosley , Special Contributor Contact Matt Mosley on Twitter: @mattmosley
Matt Mosley, contributor to SportsDayDFW.com and columnist for Texas Monthly, answered questions during a live chat Friday. Here are some highlights:
Question: In your opinion, what's TCU's ceiling? Mosley: Probably making the [College Football Playoff]. There's only one super team out there...and that's Alabama. Clemson's pretty salty, too. And I love the way Georgia's playing. But TCU is really as good as everyone in the top 10 except for Bama and maybe Clemson. I like them over Washington. I like them over the Mike Leaches. I think OU and TCU will be an unbelievable game. Two of the elite teams in the country right now. Gary P has experience in their secondary. They can do a lot with that scenario, including slowing down the Pokes in Stillwater. That is a really tough thing to do. Question: Is the Big 12 better than the SEC this season? Mosley: Maybe at the top of the respective conferences, yes. The Big 12 runs into trouble with Iowa State, Kansas and sadly, Baylor. But you can put OU, TCU, OSU, KSU and Tech up there against the SEC's top 5 and feel pretty good.
Prove it: Texas' upcoming stretch, inconsistent offense will make or break Longhorns' bowl chances
Question: Texas-K-State predictions? How big is a win here to set up the Horns ahead of facing Baker Mayfield and Oklahoma? Mosley: K-State is going to try and hold on to the ball forever. It's just not an easy offense to prepare for at all. It will be a great challenge for what has been a nice defense in recent weeks. I think the Horns will find a way to win. This K-State QB is good, but there's not much of a passing game. And there were drops against Baylor last week. If you could get that line to seven points, I would definitely take K-State to cover. Right now Horns are favored by 5. Question: What'd you think of Matt Rhule kicking two players off the team and giving Terence Williams another chance? Mosley: Sounds like something Jimmy Johnson used to do before the Cowboys started winning Super Bowls. Sometimes you have to make examples of players. They obviously decided to hang on to the most talented of those three players. I think Wilson, the O-lineman, had all sorts of attitude issues dating back to last season. This wasn't a shock. I don't know much about the other player. I think they only started vs. Liberty because of numerous injuries. I think Terence Williams is still feeling loyalty to a previous regime. If they want to hang around, they need to buy in to what Rhule's doing. And it would also help if they hit some cutback lanes and ran for 100 yards soon. Question: The preseason is in the past, and the perception of Texas Tech seems to have drastically changed. How does that affect Kliff Kingsbury's job security? Going into the season, 6 wins may have been good enough for them to feel good. But this team could maybe win 7 or 8? Help us out.
Baby's Mailbag: Does a big loss to 'Bama make Florida a must-win for Sumlin, A&M?
Mosley: I think the Red Raiders have improved in several areas. I think Shimonek knows they don't have to do everything. Mahomes was basically on their own a lot of the time. Kliff has managed the offense a lot better by mixing in the run game. And this animated fella, Gibbs, has done a decent job with the defense. They have some speed over there. That helps. Tech was in position to pull off the upset vs a high-powered OSU team. The Tech D was desperately trying to hang on late...and I was sort of impressed. It's hard to stare down The Mullet and live to tell about it. Question: Hey, Matt! If Texas A&M can win out (excusing Alabama and Auburn), does Kevin Sumlin keep their job? Mosley: Why are you giving away the Auburn game? Stidham and the offense has been better, but that's not a great team. The Ags never beat LSU. It just doesn't happen. I'd like to see Kevin hang on...but the odds are against him. Buzbee's firing up a Facebook post as we speak. Question: What are your thoughts on how SMU has handled itself so far? On pace to score school record number of points, but haven't played anyone. Excited for Houston matchup? Mosley: I like what the Mustangs are doing. I'd like to see Chad do a little more to get Sutton going. There's no excuse for a guy that good to be completely eliminated by the Frogs. What are you saying about them not playing anyone? TCU's one of the best teams in the country...the Mustangs were in that game for a good while. -- Click or tap here to read the full chat transcript.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
SOCHI, Russia, April 30 Lewis Hamilton was left puzzling a 'very odd weekend' after struggling to fourth place in Sunday's Russian Grand Prix while Mercedes teammate Valtteri Bottas celebrated their first Formula One victory.
"I can't explain it right now," the Briton, still second in the world championship but now 13 points behind Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel, told reporters.
"We'll do some work over this week to fully understand it. I have some feelings about how it (the car) felt in the race and qualifying, I have some ideas. Lots of work will be done to figure it out."
Hamilton arrived in Sochi as a two-times winner at the Olympic Park street circuit, a track where only their Mercedes team had won since the first race there in 2014, but they struggled to find their rhythm.
Bottas, who had largely the same set-up, was consistently quicker and out-qualified them for third place on the starting grid behind the two Ferraris.
While Bottas made a scorching start to seize the lead into the first corner, the triple world champion was feeling the heat.
"Why is my car overheating?" they asked at one point. "I'm out of the race (to win) now," they added, with about two-thirds of the distance remaining.
Hamilton, whose bid for a fourth title last season was wrecked by reliability issues, finished 36 seconds behind the winner.
It was the first time that they had finished off the podium since Malaysia in October 2016, when their engine expired while they were leading the race in what was ultimately a championship-deciding blow.
"In the race I had overheating but I think I could have kept up with the guys ahead but I should have been further up with better pace in general," they said. "And that was lacking from Saturday onwards.
"From probably lap five onwards I had to just slow down and stay in fourth (place). A lot of turning down of the settings and (power) unit and then one of the cylinders was cutting because of the temperature issue.
"So I was going to be fourth from very early on."
Team boss Toto Wolff said Mercedes had not been able to give Hamilton the car they needed. (Editing by Clare Fallon)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
Prominent companies operating in the global rheumatology therapeutics market are AbbVie, Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Merck & Co., Inc. etc. Some other key players in the market are Amgen, Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., Novartis AG, Genentech, Inc., Sanofi, and Takeda Pharmaceutical.
Request for Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=1494
A report by Transparency Market Research uncovers after in-depth study that the global rheumatology therapeutics market will rise at a lackluster CAGR of 2.7% from 2017 to 2025 to become worth US$ 52.96 bn by 2025 from US$41.88 bn in 2016.
The various drug classes in the global rheumatology therapeutics market are disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID's), corticosteroids, uric acid drugs, etc. The DMARDs, which is a group of medicines or combination of medicines used to treat rheumatic diseases by blocking the inflammation, accounts for maximum share in the market at present. They are categorized into two major types – biologic DMARDs and synthetic DMARDs. By rising at a 2.6% CAGR from 2017 to 2025 the segment is expected to retain its dominant share in the upcoming years.
Geographically, the key segments of the global rheumatology therapeutics market are North America, South America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa. Of them, North America leads the market with dominant share on account of a burgeoning geriatric population highly susceptible to various kinds of rheumatology disorders. Further, uptake of biologics and biosimilar products for treating moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis and superior healthcare facilities has also proved beneficial to the market in the region.
Enquiry for discount on this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=1494
Burgeoning Elderly Population Drives Growth
Rheumatology is the multidisciplinary approach towards the diagnosis and treatment of the various rheumatic disease which includes clinical problems in joints, soft tissues, heritable connective tissue disorders, vasculitis, and autoimmune diseases. Rheumatic disease is associated with inflammation that affects the bones, tendons, ligaments, and sometimes organs.
At the forefront of driving growth in the global rheumatology therapeutics market is the ever-increasing elderly population worldwide and swift approval of new drugs for treating various rheumatic diseases. In August 2017, for example, the FDA approved DUZALLO drug by Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and AstraZeneca. It is the first and only therapy that leverages two types of mechanisms in gout with only one pill. Again, in 2017, Kevzara (Sanofi and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) got the FDA approval to treat adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA). In 2017, AbbVie Inc., a global leader in anti-rheumatic drugs, announced its four potential candidates, which are Upadacitinib, Risankizumab, ABBV-599, and ABT-981, that are in different phases of clinical trials to treat conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and osteoarthritis (OA).
Investment into Research and Development Benefits Market
Other factors positively influencing the market are rising knowledge among people about rheumatic diseases and emergence of cost-effective rheumatology therapeutics. Further, increasing investment in research and development is likely to bolster the growth of global rheumatology therapeutics market during the forecast period.
Request for the TOC of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/1494
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.
Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through adhoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem-solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.
TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision.
US Office Contact
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The U.S. bond market's gauges of inflation expectations added to their earlier rise on Friday as domestic wages recorded their strongest annual increase in more than 8-1/2 years, suggesting inflation may be accelerating.
The 10-year inflation breakeven rate, or the yield gap between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities and regular 10-year Treasury notes, reached its highest level since September 2014 after the latest payrolls data. At 9:02 a.m. (1402 GMT), it was 2.13 percent, up more than 1 basis point from late on Thursday, Tradeweb and Reuters data showed. (Reporting by Richard Leong)
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., April 14 An Arkansas judge on Friday issued a temporary restraining order barring the state from administering one of three drugs it planned to use in a series of lethal injections scheduled to begin early next week.
Judge Wendell Griffen of the Sixth Judicial Circuit in Little Rock issued the order after a petition from McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc. The company said the Arkansas prison system failed to return a supply of vercuronium bromide when it learned the state intended to use it for executions, in violation of an understanding at the time of the sale. (Reporting By Steve Barnes in Little Rock; Writing by Frank McGurty; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
April 5 RPMI Railpen, a British investment manager for the Railways Pension Scheme, appointed Steve Mitchell as a compliance and risk director within its investment business.
Mitchell, who has previously held senior roles at banks including BNP Paribas and NatWest Bank, will report to Julian Cripps, the managing director of Railpen's investment business. (Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru)
CENTURY Pacific Agricultural Ventures Inc. (CPAVI), a wholly owned affiliate of Century Pacific Food Inc., has been granted approval by the Board of Investments (BOI) to put up a P 245.7-million coconut milk facility in General Santos City.
Advertisements
The BOI said on Friday that the project will involve setting up a separate production line at the company's facility in Barangay Tambler, Calumpang, Purok Lansong in General Santos City.
The facility is expected to produce up to 15.3 million kilograms of coconut milk annually when commercial operation starts in January 2018. The coconut milk will be exported to Malaysia through LInaco Manufacturing Sdn. Bhd., a supplier and producer of coconut related products.
The company will employ 536 workers at the facility.
“This will further boost the exports of various coconut products since they are in great demand abroad,” Trade Undersecretary and BOI Managing Head Ceferino Rodolfo said.
The Po family-owned Century Pacific Food is one of the country's largest food conglomerates and known for its popular products such as Century Tuna, 555 Sardines, Argentina Corned Beef, Swift Hotdogs, among others.
Meanwhile, CPAVI is an existing BOI-registered enterprise engaged in the production of various coconut products such as coconut beverage and coconut shell, virgin coconut oil and coconut flour, mostly exported to the United States and Europe.
Data from the Philippine Statistics Authority showed that exports of agro-based products for the first half of the year reached $2.06 billion, up 23.2 percent from the same period last year. Among agro-based products, coconut products posted one of the highest increases in exports, generating $920.7 million from January to June 2017, an increase of 78.2 percent compared to the previous year.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Medical personnel wheel journalist Armando Arrieta, who was shot and wounded by unknown assailants while arriving at their home in Poza Rica, as they are transfered to a hospital in the capital to treat their injuries, in Veracruz, Mexico March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yahir Ceballos
MEXICO CITY A Mexican journalist was shot and injured early on Wednesday in the eastern state of Veracruz, the state attorney general's office said, the latest in a spate of attacks against reporters in Mexico.
The 51-year-old news editor at La Opinion de Poza Rica, a newspaper in the violent oil-drilling city of Poza Rica in the drug-ravaged state, was shot outside their home early on Wednesday morning. The attorney general's office in a statement identified them only as 'A.A.G.' but the State Commission for the Protection of Journalists named them as Armando Arrieta Granados.
The wounded editor is in hospital, the statement said, and local media said they were in "grave" condition. So far this month, three journalists have been killed across Mexico, which is grappling with rising crime.
Earlier in March, the Veracruz attorney general's office said it was investigating the murder of journalist Ricardo Monlui, who was shot dead in the town of Yanga.
Veracruz is the most dangerous state in Mexico for journalists. The Committee to Protect Journalists said this month at least six reporters had been killed there for their work since 2010, while 10 more were killed in circumstances that have yet to be clarified.
(Reporting by Gabriel Stargardter; Editing by James Dalgleish)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
TOKYO Toshiba Corp's CEO said on Wednesday that offers received so far for a stake in its NAND flash memory business are high enough for the Japanese company to avoid falling into negative shareholder equity.
"We expect the chip unit valuation will be at least 2 trillion yen ($18 billion), Satoshi Tsunakawa said at a news briefing in Tokyo after the company's U.S. Westinghouse nuclear unit filed for Chapter 11 protection from creditors.
Tsunakawa will seek approval for the sale of more than half the business at a gathering of shareholders in Tokyo on Thursday.
(Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
Less than three years after quitting the NRL to switch codes, NZ-born Ben Te'o is poised to be named in rugby union's most famous touring squad, the British & Irish Lions.
The South Sydney premiership winner has played eight tests and started just once for England, but is tipped to make the 37-man squad for New Zealand, setting up a potential showdown against Sonny Bill Williams.
Te'o would become the first NRL player in history to make the Lions squad.
The Lions v All Blacks series in June will be the biggest rugby event of 2017 and Te'o's mooted selection would cap a remarkable transition to the 15-man code.
The 30-year-old would beat far more experienced centres from Wales, Ireland and Scotland, if they make coach Warren Gatland's squad, to be named on Wednesday.
England's Telegraph newspaper reported that Te'o will be on the trip, after Lions assistant coaches Steve Borthwick and Rob Howley watched in the stands, as they helped Worcester defeat Bath last weekend.
Te'o and Williams both play at inside centre.
Williams is expected to start at No 12 for the All Blacks during the series.
League fans will still remember Te'o's shoulder charge of Williams during the Rabbitohs match against the Roosters in 2014.
Continued below.
Related Content Rugby: Aussie wing Drew Mitchell to retire at end of French season UFC: Kiwi Robert Whittaker still facing uphill battle to world title shot NRL: NRL Round 7 redux
Both men quit league after that season, with Williams returning to the All Blacks, while Te'o joined Irish club Leinster.
In late 2015, Te'o moved to Worcester and by June last year, England coach Eddie Jones picked them for the tour of Australia.
But Te'o did not play a game against the Wallabies and had to wait until last November to make their test debut against South Africa.
They came off the bench, as England defeated the Wallabies in December and was a part of their Six Nations-winning campaign this year.
However, they were a secondary midfield option, with Owen Farrell the first-choice inside centre.
With only five midfield players to be selected for the Lions, it would be a bold move by Gatland to select Te'o, given they are not a first-choice starter for their country and they would inevitably take a spot ahead of others who are regular starters.
Te'o was born in New Zealand, but played a league test for Samoa and seven State of Origin games for Queensland.
The Lions tour once every four years and many great northern hemisphere players never made a trip.
Gatland was in charge of the Lions in 2013, when they defeated the Wallabies 2-1, a series result that ultimately led to the sacking of Australia's coach Robbie Deans.
But the Lions have not won a series against the All Blacks since 1971, with their last visit in 2005 resulting in a humiliating 3-0 whitewash.
- news.com.au
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
(Updates with quotes and background)
By Gabrielle Tetrault-Farber
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko on Friday urged the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to allow athletes whose doping bans were lifted in a court ruling to compete at this month's Pyeongchang Winter Games.
Twenty-eight Russian athletes had their Olympic doping bans overturned and results from the 2014 Sochi Winter Games reinstated after their appeals were upheld by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) on Thursday, a decision that has sparked concern at the IOC and the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA)
In an interview with Reuters, Mutko said that Russia wanted to send 15 of the 28 athletes to compete in South Korea.
“We are counting on the International Olympic Committee's reason and straight-thinking,” Mutko said. “We are counting on them to consider the request of our Olympic Committee and our 15 athletes and that they are allowed to compete at the Games.”
The athletes whose bans were overturned include cross-country skiers Alexander Legkov, who won gold in the 50 km freestyle and silver in the 4x10 km relay, and speed skater Olga Fatkulina, who won gold in the 500 m.
The IOC, which has allowed 169 Russians to compete in Pyeongchang as independents following a ban against the country, said that the exoneration of these athletes by CAS did not necessarily mean they would be invited to Pyeongchang.
The Russians who compete in Pyeongchang will not be allowed to wear their country's colours or symbols, and if they win a gold medal, the Olympic anthem will be played.
Russia has vehemently denied the alleged existence of a state-sponsored doping system in the country. The allegations led to the IOC to ban the country from the Olympics for what is says was “systematic manipulation” of the anti-doping system at the 2014 Sochi Games.
Mutko said Russian authorities had nothing to do with the anti-doping laboratory in Sochi, stressing that WADA should be held responsible for its activities.
Mutko stressed that the tampering of samples by Russian security officials would have been impossible.
“It's impossible, what some people want to imagine,” said Mutko, who was banned for life from the Olympics by the IOC. “There were cameras at every step.”
The CAS ruling that cleared the 28 athletes backed the belief that there was no state-sponsored doping cover-up scheme in the country, Mutko said.
”This is a small element (of proof) that there was no such (state-sponsored doping) system,“ they said. ”We would like to hope that this decision will be respected by the world.
”Everyone wanted one decision, and it wasn't the one (they wanted).
“If their in no trust in our justice system, in our law enforcement agencies, in our witnesses, then maybe there will be trust in the Court of Arbitration for Sport. We consider this to be a very important decision.”
ACKNOWLEDGING MCLAREN‘S FINDINGS
Russia, however, has found itself struggling to fulfil all the criteria to reinstate its suspended athletics federation, anti-doping agency RUSADA and Paralympic Committee.
International sports bodies such as the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) require Russian authorities to publicly accept the findings of the McLaren report on the alleged existence of widespread state-sponsored doping in order to have the country reinstated.
The 2016 WADA-commissioned report by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren found that more than 1,000 Russian competitors in more than 30 sports were involved in a conspiracy to conceal positive drug tests over a period of five years.
Mutko said that Russia could not accept the report's findings, which they called “superficial and manipulated.”
“Speaking about WADA, they want us to acknowledge the McLaren report unconditionally. We cannot do that,” Mutko said. “CAS yesterday ruled to clear 28 athletes. This would betray them.”
Although Russia will not acknowledge the report's findings, Mutko said the country would continue to work with global sports bodies to combat doping in the country.
“We are open to dialogue and cooperation with WADA and the IOC,” they said. “We will continue supporting our athletes, to fight for clean sport. We are open. We are reliable partners in this. We never set a goal for ourselves of winning at all costs, as we are often portrayed.”
Mutko, who has appealed their lifetime ban from the Olympics, recently left their positions as the chairperson of the World Cup organising committee and president of the Russian Football Union.
However, they still oversee the government's participation in the hosting of the 2018 World Cup finals in 12 venues spread across 11 cities, including Moscow, St Petersburg and Sochi, from June 14 to July 15.
Mutko assured that preparations were on track and that the authorities were working to curb racist and discriminatory incidents in Russian soccer while ensuring crowd safety.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The performance of Cohen Bramall against Fulham was an unexpected bonus on an otherwise cheerless day.
Recalled to the team out of necessity, Marc Roberts' hamstring injury and Harlee Dean's suspension, it was their first appearance since August 26.
In many ways it was the opportunity for which Bramall had been waiting - and difficult not to surmise that they grasped with both hands.
Here's a look at how the 21-year-old fared at Craven Cottage.
Where did they play?
Jonathan Grounds moved in-field to play as a left-sided central defender, leaving the wing back position open.
Bramall played 89 hugely promising minutes before being replaced by Jacques Maghoma - much to the disgruntlement of many Blues fans.
First half highlights:
8 mins: Reacted well to Marcus Bettinelli's clearance to the right and intercepted it high up the pitch. Not able to find a team-mate, though.
10 mins: Won a corner with a run deep into Fulham territory.
19 mins: Conceded a free kick to the left of Blues' area after tangling with Ryan Fredericks.
23 mins: Combined well with Boga on the left as the Chelsea loan man floated over a cross, just too high for Jutkiewicz.
42 mins: Fouled Oliver Norwood on the corner of the Birmingham area.
Second half highlights:
49 mins: Wins free kick in defence after being brought down by Johansen.
57 mins: Fulham find Johansen behind Bramall and Kamara drags their shot across goal.
58 mins: Fulham exploited space behind Blues with a ball to Kamara over the top, Bramall was forced to scurry back as Stockdale denied Johansen.
72 mins: Blues' best move of the match came as Bramall and Boga combined on the left to put David Davis in behind, the midfielder's clip to the back post went unclaimed,
89 mins: Tired and replaced by Maghoma after promising display.
Stats (whoscored.com):
Their three tackles were the second most tackles of either side - Grounds led the way with five.
Their three successful dribbles were the most of any player on the pitch.
Their pass completion rate of 86% was the highest of any Blues player and well above the team average of 64%.
Birmingham Mail mark out of ten:
6/10
What Bramall said:
They took to Twitter afterwards and said: “Gutted by the loss, however perseverance is key. It's been a tough few months for me but glad to be back out there doing what I love! Hopefully we can get the results right soon. Thanks to all the fans.”
Verdict:
On reflection they might have deserved a 6.5 or even a 7/10 because considering it was their first display in more than three months they did well.
They were bright in attack, had the pace to deal with the dangerous Fredericks and if there was the odd defensive issue it's something that can be worked through with such a raw talent.
It will be interesting to see if he's done enough to stay in the side for the visit of QPR.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
BERLIN Most Bayern Munich fans had hoped for more than just one title in coach Carlo Ancelotti's first season in charge.
But when Bayern sealed a record-extending fifth consecutive Bundesliga crown on Saturday with a 6-0 demolition of VfL Wolfsburg, most of them also breathed a big sigh of relief, knowing that the world was still in order.
Bayern had gone through what amounted to a mini-crisis in recent weeks, failing to win any of their last five matches in all competitions and being eliminated from the German Cup and Champions League.
After hopes of a possible treble-winning season drained away, Bayern saw their Bundesliga lead shrink from 13 points to seven before Saturday's win.
Their late-season wobble, however, never really put their championship chances at risk with Ancelotti's team having done all the heavy lifting earlier in the campaign to make sure they remained the dominant force in Germany for yet another season.
"The Bundesliga comes first," Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge had said, with each coach, including Ancelotti, making the league win their top priority.
Ancelotti took over from Spaniard Pep Guardiola and their styles could not have been more different. A control-obsessed coach, Guardiola had created a winning machine, capable of obliterating any opposition in Germany.
The Italian is far more hands-off, more interested in winning games than offering a goal bonanza or running their players into the ground.
They brushed off criticism over what some said was a too-light training regime while also comfortably handling their big-name players and ambitious club bosses, who never stopped backing him.
NARROW WINS
Ancelotti created an efficient team, capable of grinding out one-goal victories as easily as high-score wins. Sometimes they even seemed to prefer those narrow wins, saying they built character.
Bayern started off with five victories in a row to take control of the league early on and Thiago Alcantara quickly established themselves as their playmaker under Ancelotti.
Thomas Mueller's goal drought had little effect as Robert Lewandowski continued their scoring run from last season and kept them a few points ahead of their main title rivals, promoted RB Leipzig, whom they beat before the winter break.
With Borussia Dortmund playing an inconsistent season, Bayern had essentially only themselves to beat as Leipzig gradually ran out of steam and eventually dropped more than a dozen points off the pace.
The Bavarians may look less invincible than under Guardiola, with their backline shaky at times, but they still lost only twice in the league this season, conceding just 17 goals in 31 games.
The addition of several players, including Germany internationals Sebastian Rudy and Niklas Suele next season, will no doubt keep them as the main title contenders despite the retirement of captain Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso.
"I am retiring, Alonso is retiring. Of course there will be change at some point," Lahm said on Saturday. "But there won't be a big bang. The squad is already largely here."
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Mar 25, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Horacio Zeballos of Argentina hits a backhand against Stan Wawrinka of Switzerland (not pictured) on day five of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Wawrinka won 6-3, 6-4. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco - 23/04/2017 - Rafael Nadal of Spain plays a shot to their compatriot Albert Ramos-Vinolas in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
BARCELONA Rafael Nadal reached the final of the Barcelona Open by dispatching Argentine Horacio Zeballos 6-3 6-4 on Saturday to book their place in Sunday's showpiece against Dominic Thiem where they will be looking to win the tournament for a 10th time.
Nadal struck the first blow by breaking the unseeded Zeballos in the fourth game and the difference in quality between the two players soon began to show.
Zeballos earned two break points in the fourth game of the second set but 14-time grand-slam winner Nadal recovered to hold their serve and wrapped up their victory in 94 minutes, setting up a re-match with Thiem, who beat them last year on clay in the Argentina Open semi-finals.
Thiem knocked out world number one Andy Murray 6-2 3-6 6-4 for the first time in their career, becoming the first Austrian since Thomas Muster in 1996 to reach the final of the claycourt tournament.
Just as in Friday's gruelling quarter-final with Albert Ramos-Vinolas, Murray got off to a bad start.
The Briton relied on their serve to recover the second set but could not sustain the level and bowed out.
(Reporting by Richard Martin, editing by Pritha Sarkar, Neville Dalton)
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
HAVANA (Reuters) - The eldest son of late Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, Fidel Castro Diaz-Balart, committed suicide on Thursday aged 68 after being treated for months for depression, Cuban state-run media reported.
The nuclear scientist, also known as “Fidelito”, or Little Fidel, because of how much they looked like their father, had initially been hospitalized and then continued treatment as an outpatient.
“Castro Diaz-Balart, who had been attended by a group of doctors for several months due to a state of profound depression, committed suicide this morning,” Cubadebate website said.
Fidelito, who had the highest public profile of all Castro's children, was born in 1949 out of their brief marriage to Mirta Diaz-Balart before they went on to topple a U.S.-backed dictator and build a communist-run state on the doorstep of the United States during the Cold War.
Through their mother, Castro Diaz-Balart was the cousin of some of Castro's most bitter enemies in the Cuban American exile community, U.S. Representative Mario Diaz-Balart and former U.S. member of congress Lincoln Diaz-Balart.
They were also the subject of a dramatic custody dispute between the two families as a child.
Cuba scholars say their mother took them with them to the United States when they were aged five after announcing they wanted a divorce from Castro, while they were imprisoned for an attack on the Moncada military barracks in Santiago.
Castro was able to bring Fidelito back to Cuba after the 1959 revolution.
A multilingual nuclear physicist who studied in the former Soviet Union, Castro Diaz-Balart was head of Cuba's national nuclear programme from 1980 to 1992, and spearheaded the development of a nuclear plant on the Caribbean's largest island until their father fired him.
FILE PHOTO: Fidel Castro Diaz-Balart, son of Cuba's President Fidel Castro, talks to Argentine human right activist and member of the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo group Hebe de Bonafini during the inauguration of the International Book Fair in Havana February 8, 2007. REUTERS/Claudia Daut/File Photo
Cuba halted its plant plans that same year because of a lack of funding after the collapse of Cuba's trade and aid ties with the ex-Soviet bloc and they largely disappeared from public view appearing at the occasional scientific conference or diplomatic event.
Fidelito had been working for their uncle President Raul Castro as a scientific counsellor to the Cuban Council of State and Vice-president of the Cuban Academy of Sciences at the time of their death.
A former British ambassador to Cuba, Paul Hare, who lectures at Boston University's Pardee School of Global Studies, said Castro Diaz-Balart had seemed “thoughtful, rather curious about the world beyond Cuba” at a dinner in Boston two years ago.
Slideshow (3 Images)
“But they seemed a bit weary about having to be a Castro, rather than himself,” Hare said.
Jonathan Benjamin-Alvarado, a Cuba expert at the University of Nebraska in Omaha, said Fidelito had provided them with invaluable help in the 1990s while they were writing a book on Cuba's nuclear program.
In 2000 they met again at a conference in Moscow and Fidelito worked “the room full of international nonproliferation experts, diplomats and journalists with aplomb, speaking no less than four languages -Spanish, English, Russian and French.”
Benjamin-Alvarado said they suspected Fidelito's title as scientific advisor was largely ceremonial as their views on energy development were not incorporated into national policies.
“He had written extensively on Cuba's need for developing renewable energy resources,” Benjamin-Alvarado said. “And yet almost all efforts by the Cuban government were geared to maintaining the status quo of oil dependency.”
“I imagine that was disappointing for him.”
Fidelito's death came just over a year after that of their father on Nov. 25, 2016, aged 90.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
WASHINGTON (AP) — With the Supreme Court poised to rule on a case that could end the federal ban on sports gambling, more than a third of U.S. states are considering legislation to get in on the action, and professional leagues and casino interests are lobbying against each other for the biggest cut of the winnings.
The push to legalize betting on sports has already led to fractures in an uneasy alliance that had developed between leagues and gambling legalization advocates before Supreme Court arguments last fall.
The NBA and Major League Baseball have been asking states to give them 1 percent of the total amount wagered on their games, calling it an "integrity fee" so they can protect their products and snuff out attempts at cheating and game-fixing.
"Now, let's be clear — that's just a euphemism for a cut of the action," Joe Asher, CEO of William Hill U.S., a sports book operator, told New York state lawmakers in January. "There will be plenty of financial benefits to the leagues."
Advertisement
Gambling proponents say kicking back that much to the leagues would make sports books unprofitable and prevent a legal, regulated betting market from developing. They're seeking an arrangement similar to what exists in Nevada, where the state takes 6.75 percent of winnings on top of a federal tax of 0.25 percent of the amount wagered.
Casinos have a built-in edge when it comes to battling in statehouses. Casinos are legal in 40 states; the commercial companies and American Indian tribes that run them are well-versed in dealing with regulators and state lawmakers. The NBA and MLB, on the other hand, are new to lobbying states on gambling and have sometimes relied upon the bully pulpit of their commissioners to get their point across.
"The leagues feel like they're out of their element, and that's making them uncomfortable," said Kevin Braig, a Columbus, Ohio-based attorney, gambling industry analyst and handicapper. "The gaming industry lobbies all the states. I think it goes even beyond that: They're almost partners in what they're doing. They have a very close relationship because they have very closely overlapping interests."
Before the Supreme Court heard New Jersey's challenge to the 1992 federal law limiting sports betting to the four states that already had laws on the books, casino interests — and their influential trade group, the American Gaming Association — were encouraged by the professional leagues' changing attitudes about gambling, even as leagues argued before the justices that the ban should remain. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver has said betting should be legalized and MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred has said it could enhance fan interest in the sport. Although the NFL remains publicly opposed to gambling, Commissioner Roger Goodell has said their position has "evolved."
The NFL and the NCAA have sat out the debate entirely in states considering legislation. That's despite the fact that 31 percent of sports gambling winnings in Nevada last year came from football bets, and more is wagered on college basketball's NCAA Tournament than on the Super Bowl.
The NBA and MLB argue their reputations are on the line because of the possibility of games being fixed. Sports fans are still familiar with the Black Sox scandal of 1919, Pete Rose's lifetime banishment from baseball for betting on games and a point-shaving scandal involving former NBA referee Tim Donaghy.
"The damage from even a hint of scandal will hurt the sports leagues far worse than anyone else," said Bryan Seeley, senior vice president and deputy general counsel at MLB.
"The NBA spends billions of dollars each year creating the games that would serve as the foundation for legalized sports betting, while bearing all of the risk and therefore incurring enormous additional expenses for compliance and enforcement," NBA spokesperson Mike Bass said. "As a result, we believe it is reasonable for operators to compensate the NBA with a small percentage of the total amount bet on our games."
State regulators monitor wagering 24/7 in Nevada, and the leagues pay contractors to monitor overseas bets.
Casinos argue that sports books don't make much money and are really there to get gamblers in the door. Unlike blackjack or slots, where casinos have a house edge, sports books make money by encouraging individual gamblers to each side of a wager, and then charging a percentage for placing the bet. Casinos say leagues will benefit from enhanced fan interest and gambling-company sponsorships.
Bills to legalize sports betting have been introduced in 18 states. This month, West Virginia approved a bill that would legalize sports betting immediately if the Supreme Court allows it. A decision by the court is expected this spring.
Mississippi, New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania have also already authorized sports gambling. New York is considering whether to expand a law already on the books to allow sports gambling at racetracks and betting parlors. In Iowa, a bill to authorize sports books has advanced out of committee.
The states that have only introduced bills or are not as far along in the process are California, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Oklahoma, Rhode Island and South Carolina.
The NBA and MLB haven't successfully sold lawmakers on a 1 percent cut so far, although the New York bill was amended to give 0.25 percent of the amount wagered to the leagues.
West Virginia's new law doesn't kick back anything to the leagues. Manfred said it has "serious problems" and benefits "only the gaming industry." They may have found a sympathetic ear in Republican Gov. Jim Justice, who allowed the bill to become law without their signature and urged lawmakers to consider partnering with the leagues.
While 1 percent may not sound like a lot, sports books generally hold onto only around 5 percent of what's wagered. That means a 1 percent tax on the handle can siphon away about 20 percent of gambling revenue. Add state and federal taxes, and casinos may find sports books to be a sucker bet.
Sara Slane, senior vice president of public affairs at the American Gaming Association, said the proposed fee runs counter to the leagues' and casinos' shared goal of curtailing illegal gambling.
"If you are trying to stamp out the illegal market and drive more traffic to the legal, regulated market," Slane said, "you're not going to be able to accomplish that with this type of business model."
April 23 Hosts Romania beat Britain in their controversial Fed Cup World Cup play-off in Constanta on Sunday, with both Johanna Konta and Heather Watson failing to win their respective singles rubbers for the visitors.
Simona Halep beat world number seven Konta 6-1 6-3, while Irina-Camelia Begu saw off Watson with a 6-4 7-5 victory to seal the tie for the Romanians before the doubles.
World number five Halep started strongly against Konta on Sunday, opening up a 4-0 lead en route to winning the first set in 27 minutes.
Konta improved in the second to go 3-1 up, but Halep's superiority on clay shone through as they won five games in a row to clinch the match.
Konta was left in tears on Saturday apparently because of remarks made by Romanian captain Ilie Nastase during their match with Sorana Cirstea, which resulted in play being briefly suspended.
Nastase was eventually banned from the tie because of "unsportsmanlike conduct" and had their accreditation removed by the International Tennis Federation, which has launched an investigation into their conduct.
Konta defended themselves after Cirstea said on Sunday that they had "overreacted" by crying in their match.
"With all due respect to Sorana, they were not in my shoes at that end of the court being verbally threatened," Konta was quoted as saying by British media. "Any abuse is not all right.
"But when it's a couple of metres away from you, screaming at you, I think that's a different ball game. It's not something that you truly know how it affects you until you experience it, so I do believe they may have been slightly unaware of the events that happened."
Watson could not beat Begu to keep Britain's hopes alive, but the visitors gained a consolation win after Laura Robson and Jocelyn Rae beat Halep and Monica Niculescu in the doubles dead rubber. (Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
March 30Jiangyin Haida Rubber and Plastic Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 10 percent to 30 percent, or to be 22.2 million yuan to 26.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (20.2 million yuan)
* Says increased operating revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/oXbRUl
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 3 Halcon Resources Corp
* Halcón Resources announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 revenue $135.6 million versus i/b/e/s view $134.2 million
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.06
* Q1 earnings per share $1.69
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.03 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Production for three months averaged 38,478 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d)
* Halcon Resources Corp - sees q2 production to be between 33,000 and 35,000 boe/d and its full year 2017 production to be 38,000 to 40,000 boe/d. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Ancient sculptures that were missing for decades after being stolen during Lebanon's civil war are to go on display in Beirut thanks to a global fight against antiquities smuggling that has been stepped up since wartime looting in Iraq and Syria.
The five marble statues were among a haul of hundreds that Lebanese militiamen took from a storehouse in 1981, some of which are only now emerging onto the shadowy global arts market and even into the world's greatest museums.
Three of the five sculptures unveiled at a ceremony in Beirut on Friday were spotted in New York's Metropolitan Museum - where they were on loan from a private collector - by a curator who identified them using Art Loss, an online register of stolen artefacts.
One of the people instrumental in getting them sent back to Lebanon was Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Matthew Bogdanos, an Iraq war veteran who led the investigation into looting at the national museum in Baghdad during the chaos of the U.S.-led invasion to topple Saddam Hussein.
Outrage at looting there and in Syria, and fear that art trafficking was funding militant groups, has driven countries to work together to stop it, said Bogdanos, who was in Beirut on Friday for a ceremony to unveil the statues.
“It has resulted in greater attention, greater scrutiny and greater resources, all of which we desperately need in order to fight such an entrenched global network,” Bogdanos, whose office has recovered thousands of stolen antiquities in recent years, told Reuters at the ceremony at Beirut's National Museum.
One of the other statues was identified last year by a gallery in Germany, which noticed it on the Art Loss register. The fifth was seized in a container entering Lebanon's port of Tripoli last month.
Archaeologists excavated all the statues in the 1960s and 1970s in Sidon at the Temple of Eshmoun, a god of healing.
They were carved between the sixth and fourth centuries BC, when Lebanon's Phoenician civilisation was ruled by the Persian empire but influenced by Greek art and culture.
One of the statues, a bull's head, was from the capital of a pillar in the temple. The other statues, of youths and children, included one dedicated to the temple by fond relatives in thanks for the recovery from illness of their child.
“HERITAGE IS NOT FOR SALE”
Five ancient sculptures are displayed inside Beirut National Museum in Beirut, Lebanon February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Jamal Saidi
They will be added to the Beirut museum's display of Eshmoun sculptures, which include a complete capital with bull heads facing in each direction and marble statues of babies and children.
Only a handful of more than 500 Eshmoun statues pillaged from the storerooms of Byblos citadel in 1981 have been identified and returned to Lebanon.
“We will put every resource that we have to recover any piece wherever it is and whoever thinks it belongs to him. Our heritage is not for sale,” said Lebanon's Culture Minister Ghattas Khoury.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Like these pieces, items smuggled from Iraq and Syria may stay hidden for decades before traffickers start selling them to collectors.
“It is rare that we would see anything on the market for 10 or 20 or even 30 years, because they do have the patience. They stockpile these pieces,” said Bogdanos.
The international nature of the trade makes it hard to trace them.
“If you would follow the pieces which we have here, there was a kind of ping-pong between Europe, America, Europe again ... it's a globalisation,” said Rolf Stucky, a Swiss archaeologist who registered many of the looted Eshmoun statues on Art Loss in the 1990s, allowing them to be identified now.
But countries now share information and help train authorities, both in the main markets for stolen artefacts and in the regions from which they come.
Lebanon itself has stopped many foreign pieces from being shipped through Beirut, said Ghattas. As a neighbour of Syria, it is a major route for items looted from there.
“In many respects (smugglers) didn't have to be smart in their trafficking behaviour simply because no countries were cooperating enough, were devoting enough resources to stop it,” said Bogdanos.
“That has all changed.”
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
May 2 Pioneer Energy Services Corp:
* Pioneer Energy Services reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 loss per share $0.33
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.22 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 loss per share $0.20 excluding items
* Pioneer Energy Services Corp - revenues for q1 of 2017 were $95.8 million, up 34 pct from revenues of $71.5 million in q4 of 2016
* Q1 revenue view $89.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Pioneer Energy Services says estimate total capital expenditures for 2017 to be about $50 million, includes about $20 million for fleet upgrades and additions
* Pioneer energy services corp- in q2 of 2017, drilling rig utilization is estimated to average 72 pct to 75 pct
* Pioneer Energy Services Corp- production services segment revenue in q2 is estimated to be up approximately 10 pct to 15 pct as compared to q1 of 2017
* Pioneer Energy Services Corp- production services segment margin is estimated to be 22 pct to 25 pct of revenues in q2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
German Deputy Foreign Minister Michael Roth holds a news conference at the German consulate after visiting the Turkish-German journalist Deniz Yucel at Silivri prison in Istanbul, Turkey, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Osman Orsal
BERLIN A victory for far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in the second round of France's presidential election on May 7 would mean the end of the European Union in its existing form, Germany's Europe minister said on Friday.
As runner-up in last Sunday's opening ballot, Le Pen remains the underdog going into the run-off, but several polls have suggested they made a more impressive start to the last lap of campaigning than their rival Emmanuel Macron.
Following Britain's vote to leave the European Union, Le Pen wants to hold a referendum on France's EU membership after six months of negotiations to turn the bloc into a loose cooperative of nations.
Asked whether a Le Pen victory would mean the end of the EU, Germany's Europe Minister Michael Roth told Reuters: "It would be the end of the EU as we know it.
"I don't want to speculate but of course this would have massive consequences for a united Europe," they said. "It would be a clear signal that things cannot go on as they are."
An opinion poll on Friday showed Macron beating Le Pen by 60 percent to 40 percent in the run-off vote.
On Thursday, Le Pen said they wanted to replace the "grey" EU with a "happy Europe", in a speech that focused on their plans to build back border checks, but they did not mention their anti-euro stance.
Macron is in favor of closer European integration, although in interviews on Thursday they sought to present a tough position on countries they felt do not play by the rules.
"I am pleased that Macron is in first place and has a good chance to win the election," said Roth.
(Reporting by Andreas Rinke; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
March 30 Prospects for the U.S. economy have brightened now that stimulus from Washington appears more likely, so the Federal Reserve will need to keep raising rates and eventually trim its bond portfolio to avoid an overheating, one of the most influential Fed policymakers said on Thursday.
The comments from New York Fed President William Dudley, while sounding some notes of caution, were perhaps their most optimistic in years and reinforced the notion that the core U.S. central bankers are confidently on the road to tighter monetary policy after having hiked interest rates twice in three months.
Dudley said recent inflation readings had made them more confident that prices, which have been below-target since the recession, will stabilize up around 2 percent. They also cited "significantly lower" risks to overseas economies, good U.S. jobs growth, and promises of tax cuts, spending and deregulation from the Trump administration for the improving picture.
"While there is still considerable uncertainty about fiscal policy ... it seems likely that it will shift over time to a more stimulative setting," they said at the University of South Florida Sarasota-Manatee. "Consequently it appears that the risks for both economic growth and inflation over the medium to longer term may be shifting gradually to the upside."
They added: "It seems appropriate to scale back monetary policy accommodation gradually in order to reduce the risk of the economy overheating, and to avoid a significant inflation overshoot in the medium term."
Dudley, a close ally of Fed Chair Janet Yellen and a permanent voter on policy, had a big hand in setting the stage for the mid-March hike, which brought the key policy rate to a range of 0.75 to 1 percent. Fed forecasts suggest two more hikes are expected this year.
An easing of financial conditions since the November election of President Donald Trump - rising stocks, narrowing credit spreads, and falling bond yields - helped prompt the decision, Dudley said. They also repeated an assertion from 2014 - to some surprise at the time - that financial conditions play a direct role in Fed policy decisions because they influence the economy.
Markets mostly reacted positively to the election on expectations of fiscal stimulus, though Republican plans to revamp health care regulations fell through last week, causing stocks to fall.
Turning to the central bank's record $4.5 trillion balance sheet of bonds, which it acquired in the wake of the financial crisis, Dudley said they expect longer-term market yields to rise when the Fed finally outlines a plan to reduce its holdings.
"Presumably, financial conditions would tighten by more if we were to end reinvestments earlier and more abruptly," they said. "This suggests a better course may be to taper reinvestments gradually and predictably." (Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Additional reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Hengkang Medical Group Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 0.8 percent to 22 percent, or to be 145 million yuan to 175 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (143.8 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/UrqGg7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Mankind is already adapting to the widespread impacts of future climate change - but how did we do it in the past?
Otago University researchers, along with colleagues from the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History and the University of Oxford, have gazed thousands of years back into the past to shed light on past human responses to climate change.
It has been argued that some of the earliest human experiments with agriculture worldwide were linked to a changing climate, so the research team studied archaeological deposits at a site in the rainforests of the New Guinea Highlands, in the same ecology where some of the earliest global agricultural behaviours have been documented at the Unesco site of Kuk Swamp.
The researchers analysed the carbon and oxygen isotope in the teeth of 140 small mammals from the site with the aim of producing an environmental record directly reflecting human behaviour in this region.
The team found that the zone where tropical forest and open ecosystems met provided a stable source of subsistence for human hunter-gathers, who continued to hunt bats, cuscus, and possums from 12,000 to 300 years ago, indicating that agriculture was not an inevitable or forced event in this part of the world.
Tropical forests have been frequently perceived as unviable habitats for long-term human forager and agriculturalist occupation and subsistence.
A long period of work in New Guinea has helped to overturn this perception in the anthropological and archaeological literature.
Humans are now known to have occupied areas of this region, covered today in montane rainforest, from 45,000 years ago and some of the earliest evidence for human experiments with agriculture comes from the tropical forested portions of New Guinea.
Continued below.
Related Content Preparing New Zealand for climate change Ten things New Zealand can learn about climate change Why the future doesn't look good for our glaciers
However, as Professor Glenn Summerhayes said, palaeoenvironmental records directly associated with these past records of human behaviour, had "remained lacking".
The new study, published online in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution, sought to address this gap in knowledge for the region.
Stable carbon and oxygen isotope analysis has been frequently used to reconstruct the diets and environments of past human and animal populations.
However, as Professor Julia Lee-Thorp from the University of Oxford pointed out, "it is only relatively recently that this method has begun to be applied to small mammals, despite the fact that these animals are highly sensitive to environmental change and provide a truly 'local' picture of vegetation and water dynamics".
This was particularly the case in tropical forest settings.
The team analysed the teeth of fruit bats (Aproteles bulmerae), cuscus (Phalangeridae), ring-tailed possum (Pseudocheiridae) and macropods (Macropodidae) from the archaeological site of Kiowa, which spans the origins of agriculture in the region (12,000-8,000 years ago), and beyond until around 300 years ago.
These animals were well studied in the region and had known relationships with human communities and well-understood ecological behaviours.
The results provided a rare, new environmental record for the Central Highlands of New Guinea that indicated a stability of the local tropical forest environments across the period of human occupation of the site.
"This research enriches our understanding of the supposed origins of agriculture in the region, indicating that stable environments supported agricultural experimentation and the persistence of tropical forest foraging within a small area," said co-author Dylan Gaffney, of Otago University.
While intensive landscape modification and the domestication of plant taxa, including the banana, yam, and taro, occurred at nearby Kuk Swamp, foragers at Kiowa continued to hunt and forage in the stable tropical forest environments nearby.
As a result, although the origins of agriculture were seen as having massive social, demographic, and environmental impacts that continue to today, agriculture was now best seen as part of a continuum of human-environment interaction in Melanesia, rather than as an inevitable trajectory.
This work further demonstrated how new methods, such as stable isotope analysis of tooth enamel and LiDAR, were enriching our knowledge of past human tropical forest use, where poor preservation and difficulty of survey had often limited archaeological research.
- NZ Herald
April 20 Entegra Financial Corp:
* Entegra financial corp. Announces first quarter 2017 results
* Entegra financial corp - net interest income increased $2.0 million, or 26.2 pct, to $9.6 million for 3 months ended March 31, 2017 versus $7.6 million for same period 2016
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.27 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW DELHI, April 28 The Delhi High Court has approved a settlement of the $1.18 billion dispute between Tata Sons and NTT DoCoMo, allowing the Indian firm to buy out the Japanese firm's stake in the telecoms joint venture, TV news channels reported on Friday.
India's central bank had blocked Tata's offer, saying a rule change in 2016 prevented foreign investors from selling stakes in Indian firms at a pre-determined price. (Reporting by Nidhi Verma; Editing by Douglas Busvine)
Augusta National chairperson Billy Payne walks away after talking with Phil Mickelson of the U.S. on the practice range during Wednesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Augusta National welcomed its first black member in 1990 and opened its doors to women in 2012 but smartphones will never be allowed on the property as long as Billy Payne is in charge, the club chairperson said on Wednesday.
Over the decades the staid home of the U.S. Masters has embraced change as enthusiastically as most Americans welcome higher taxes and has drawn a line in the sand trap when it comes to mobile phones and other electronic devices.
A walk of the manicured grounds is like a stroll into the past. In homage to a bygone era there are no electronic scoreboards, only manual ones where numbers are changed by hand.
At Augusta National phones are the ultra contraband and anyone caught on the grounds with a mobile device is shamed and instantly punished, potentially losing entry privileges.
The PGA Tour began allowing smartphones at its tournaments in 2010, a bow to the reality that thousands of fans were using them anyway and recognising that young people often found unthinkable the thought of being out of contact for several hours.
But even as smartphone restrictions are relaxed at sporting events around the world the Masters -- as long as Payne is calling the shots at Augusta National -- will remain a holdout.
During their annual State of the Masters address on Wednesday Payne was asked if the club's draconian policy might change.
"You'll have to ask the next chairperson," smiled Payne, in a relaxed but stern southern drawl. "That's not going to change while I'm chairperson."
Asked if they could explain why they remained so adamant, Payne was no less forthcoming.
"Not really," they offered, dismissing the question.
Augusta National on the surface appears to have declared war on technology, stubbornly and unapologetically clinging to old fashioned traditions.
But behind the Norman Rockwellian scenes the club has embraced all things high tech.
It may strike some as a touch ironic that two of the three pillar corporate partners at the Masters are IBM and AT&T, blue chip leaders in the IT and telecom sectors.
IBM powers the entire Masters suite of apps and digital platforms, and this year is bringing artificial intelligence technology to Augusta.
For the first time ever at a sporting event, IBM is harnessing the company's artificial intelligence system Watson's ability to see, hear, and learn to identify great golf shots, based on crowd noise, player gestures and other indicators, to create highlight reels.
None of this technology, however, will be available to anyone passing through the Augusta National gates.
"I just don't think it's appropriate and the noise is an irritation to not only players, the dialling, the conversation, it's a distraction and that's the way we've chosen to deal with it," said Payne.
(Editing by Andrew Both)
BRUSSELS, April 28 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
-- German carmakers BMW, Daimler and Porsche AG and U.S. peer Ford Motor Co to acquire control of a joint venture (approved April 27)
NEW LISTINGS
-- German chemicals company Evonik Industries to acquire U.S. company J.M. Huber Corp's silica business (notified April 27/deadline June 8)
-- German company CWS-Boco, which is part of German firm Haniel, to acquire some of British support services firm Rentokil's workwear and hygiene units (notified April 26/deadline June 7)
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
None
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
MAY 5
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 10
-- Toyota Industries Europe to acquire Vive, the parent company of Dutch industrial company Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V (notified March 29/deadline May 10/simplified)
MAY 12
-- Taiwan's Ennoconn, which is part of electronics maker Foxconn, to increase its stake in Austrian IT group S&T (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- French media group Vivendi to acquire de facto sole control of Italy's Telecom Italia (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom AVGO.O to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline extended to May 12 from April 26)
MAY 15
-- Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Canada's Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSPIB) to jointly acquire a portfolio of office and retail properties in New Zealand which is now solely controlled by PSPIB (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm Bain Capital to acquire UK company MKM Building Supplies Ltd (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm KKR and Spanish telecoms provider Telefonica tp acquire joint control of Spanish telecoms infrastructure provider Telxius (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- German conglomerate Peter Cremer Holding to acquire 50 percent of Koenig Transportgesellschaft from German logistics company HaGe Logistik GmbH (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
MAY 16
-- Volkswagen Financial Services to acquire 50.98 percent of German tank and service cards provide Logpay Transport Services from Logpay Financial Services (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
-- Finnish pension fund ELO Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Swedish peer Forsta AP-fonden to jointly acquire several Finnish property portfolio (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
MAY 18
-- French insurer Axa and French state-owned bank Caisse des Depots et Consignations to jointly acquire two commerical lots in a shopping centre (notified April 6/deadline May 18/simplified)
MAY 19
-- Italian cinema operator The Space Cinema, which is controlled by Vue International Holdco Ltd, and Italian peer UCI Italian S.p.A. which is part of Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group, to set up a joint venture (notified April 7/deadline May 19)
-- German industrial gas producer Linde and Russian power generation equipment maker PJSC Power Machines to set up a joint venture (notified April 7/deadline May 19/simplified)
-- U.S. packaging company WestRock to acquire U.S. peer Multi Packaging Solutions (notified April 7/deadline May 19)
-- Asset manager Ares Management L.P. and investment firm The Baupost Group to jointly acquire German shopping mall operator Prejan Enerprises Ltd (notified April 7/deadline May 19/simplified)
MAY 22
-- Investment firms Cinven Capital Management and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board to acquire joint control of Travel Holdings Parent Corporation (notified April 10/deadline May 22)
May 23
-- Private equity company KKR & Co. and Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec to acquire Onex Corp's USI Insurance Services (notified April 11/deadline May 23/sinplified)
MAY 24
-- Japan-based Zen-Noh to acquire a 33 percent stake in a Brazilian joint venture between French commodities trader Louis Dreyfus Company and Brazilian soy processor-exporter Amaggi (notified April 12/deadline May 24/simplified)
-- American healthcare company Johnson & Johnson to acquire Swiss biotech company Actelion (notified April 12/deadline May 24)
-- Investment company Nordic Capital to acquire credit management services company Intrum Justitia (notified April 12/deadline May 24)
MAY 29
-- French EDF to acquire equipment and fuel manufacturing company Areva (notified April 18/deadline May 29)
MAY 31
-- Manufacturing and technology company General Electric's Oil & Gas to acquire oilfield services company Baker Hughes (notified April 20/deadline May 31)
-- Investment companies TPG and Oaktree to take joint control over Britain's Iona Energy Co, which owns 75 percent of two undeveloped oil fields in the North Sea and that will be active in crude oil production and sale (notified April 20/deadline May 31/simplified)
JUNE 1
-- French aircraft engine and aerospace equipment company Safran and China Eastern Airlines Co. Ltd. to form joint venture to provide aircraft maintenance in China (notified April 21/deadline June 1/simplified)
-- Energy company Electricite de France, French state-owned bank Caisse des depots et consignations and Japan's Mitsubishi Corporation to create new joint venture NGM to finance electric mobility projects mainly in France (notified April 21/deadline June 1/simplified)
-- Wastewater company SGAB and Spanish infrastructure company Acciona to acquire 10 percent of Sociedad Concesionaria de la Zona Regable del Canal de Navarra (notified April 21/deadline June 1/simplified)
JUNE 2
-- Australian bank Macquarie and British pension fund Universities Superannuation Scheme to acquire Green Investment Bank (notified April 24/deadline June 2/simplified)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
April 10 GENOVIS AB
* GENOVIS CARRIES OUT DIRECTED SHARE ISSUE WITH PROCEEDS OF SEK 11.5 MILLION
* SUBSCRIPTION PRICE HAS BEEN SET AT SEK 2.30 PER SHARE
* NEW SHARE ISSUE HAS BEEN SUBSCRIBED BY CHOSEN QUALIFIED INVESTORS
* SUBSCRIPTION PRICE REPRESENTS PREMIUM OF 8 PERCENT TO AVERAGE VOLUME WEIGHTED SHARE PRICE FROM 10 DAYS BEFORE ANNOUNCEMENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester United v Hull City - Premier League - Old Trafford - 1/2/17 Manchester United's Chris Smalling comes on as a substitute to replace Phil Jones Reuters / Phil Noble Livepic
Manchester United defenders Chris Smalling and Phil Jones will miss Saturday's Premier League game against West Bromwich Albion after sustaining injuries on international duty with England.
United will be without at least five first-team players for the match at Old Trafford as Smalling and Jones join midfielder Paul Pogba and captain Wayne Rooney on the treatment table.
Smalling, who withdrew from the England squad last week, was photographed by British media wearing a leg brace on Monday after suffering their third injury of the campaign. Jones has a toe problem.
Leading scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic and midfielder Ander Herrera will miss the West Brom match as they serve the final game of their suspensions.
"So we lose four (players) and I think Paul Pogba is also out. So we lose five," United manager Jose Mourinho told the club's website (www.manutd.com).
The Portuguese manager will make a late call on whether to include right back Antonio Valencia, defender Marcos Rojo and goalkeeper Sergio Romero in their squad as the trio are yet to return from international duty in South America.
United, who are fifth in the table and four points behind fourth-placed Liverpool with two games in hand, will look to extend their 18-game unbeaten run in the league against eighth-placed West Brom.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
FILE PHOTO: Cardinal Peter K. A. Turkson, President of the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace addresses the attendees during the Annual Meeting 2016 of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland January 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
FILE PHOTO: Cardinal Peter Turkson attends a news conference for the presentation of Pope Francis' new encyclical titled 'Laudato Si (Be Praised), On the Care of Our Common Home', at the Vatican June 18, 2015. REUTERS/Max Rossi -
ROME The Vatican urged U.S. President Donald Trump to listen to "dissenting voices" and reconsider their position on climate change on Thursday, saying the United States risked losing its environmental protection leadership to China.
Pope Francis has made defense of the environment a key plank of their papacy, strongly backing scientific opinion that global warming is caused mostly by human activity.
"This is a challenge for us," said Cardinal Peter Turkson, the pope's point man for the environmental, immigration and development, when asked about Trump's executive order dismantling Obama-era climate change regulations and their immigration policies.
"Fortunately, in the United States, there are dissenting voices, people who are against Trump's positions," said Turkson, who is from Ghana and was one of the driving forces behind the pope's 2015 encyclical letter on environmental protection.
"This, for us, is a sign that little by little, other positions and political voices will emerge and so we hope that Trump themselves will reconsider some of their decisions," Turkson told reporters at a breakfast meeting.
The pope and the Vatican, which has diplomatic relations with more than 180 countries and a permanent observer status at the United Nations, have strongly backed the international Paris Agreement in 2015 to curb world temperatures.
"We as a Church, are full of hope that (Trump's positions) will change," Turkson said, adding that they hoped "the president realizes that there sometimes can be dissonance between reality and things said during a campaign".
After Trump signed their executive order on Tuesday, keeping a campaign promise to bolster the U.S. coal industry, nations led by China and the European Union rallied to support the Paris accord, which Trump has threatened to abandon.
China, which had fought attempts by foreign governments to limit carbon emissions in the past, has become a strong proponent of efforts to halt global warming.
"While Trump is moving in the opposite direction, there is another great power in the world, China, which is showing different signs, as if America is creating a vacuum that China is filling," Turkson said.
They said the Vatican hoped that positions by China, which is investing heavily in the export of clean energy products such as solar panels and wind turbines, "would provoke a re-consideration of the positions of some countries, in this case the United States."
The Vatican was also "very worried" that the U.S. budget, released on March 16, increased military spending at the expense of environmental protection, diplomacy and foreign aid, they added.
Turkson said the Vatican invested much hope in the continuing opposition to Trump's policies on migration and climate change by the U.S. Catholic Bishops Conference.
(Reporting By Philip Pullella; Editing by Vin Shahrestani)
April 28 Canam Group Inc
* CANAM GROUP ANNOUNCES ITS 2017 FIRST QUARTER RESULTS
* Q1 LOSS PER SHARE C$0.04
* Q1 REVENUE C$463.5 MILLION VERSUS C$450.7 MILLION
* CANAM GROUP - Q1 RESULTS AFFECTED BY COST OVERRUNS ON U.S. BRIDGE PROJECTS AND HEAVY STRUCTURAL STEEL PROJECTS
* CANAM GROUP INC - ORDER BACKLOG STOOD AT $1,041 MILLION AS AT APRIL 1, 2017, COMPARED TO $1,139 MILLION AS AT DECEMBER 31, 2016
* CANAM GROUP INC SAYS Q1 RESULTS ALSO AFFECTED BY WEAKER CANADIAN NON-RESIDENTIAL CONSTRUCTION MARKET
* CANAM GROUP INC SAYS U. S. BRIDGE PROJECTS WILL BE COMPLETED DURING Q2
* CANAM GROUP INC - DUE TO TRANSACTION ANNOUNCED APRIL 27, BOARD OF DIRECTORS TOOK DECISION TO SUSPEND DIVIDEND PAYOUTS
* CANAM GROUP INC SAYS ORDER BACKLOG STOOD AT $1,041 MILLION AS AT APRIL 1, 2017, COMPARED TO $1,139 MILLION AS AT DECEMBER 31, 2016
* Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW C$-0.04 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Fixes lead to show the biggest one-day rise against dollar, not against euro or sterling)
* Yen off five-month highs vs dollar, euro, sterling and Aussie
* Fresh uncertainty towards French elections adds to risk aversion
* Kiwi dollar at 4-week lows
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Ritvik Carvalho and Jemima Kelly
LONDON, April 12 The safe-haven yen steadied on Wednesday after its biggest one-day rise in three months against the dollar, as worries over geopolitical tensions checked investors' risk appetite.
Investors' flight to safety underpinned traditional safe-havens like the yen, U.S. Treasuries and gold, amid fresh worries over France's presidential election and possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea.
The Japanese currency had gained more than 1 percent on Tuesday, with the dollar falling below 110 yen for the first time since mid-November. It capped those gains in European trade on Wednesday, trading a fraction lower at 109.65 yen to the dollar.
It was also a little lower against the euro after earlier hitting 115.91. The New Zealand dollar - a gauge of demand for risk - fell to 4-week lows, down 0.6 percent at $0.6918.
"Risk sentiment is not strong at the moment because of tensions in North Korea and also risk of a recent rising Melenchon at the French presidential election date. Those are having a negative impact on risk sentiment and also dollar-yen," said Nomura currency strategist Yujiro Goto in London.
"But what's supporting a bit today is probably oil price movements...the oil price is moving well so I think that's generally good for risk sentiment and negative for the yen."
Brent oil extended gains into an eighth straight session on Wednesday, after Saudi Arabia was said to be pushing its fellow OPEC members and some rivals to prolong supply cuts beyond June.
The dollar fell on Tuesday and continued to stay under pressure on Wednesday, up less than 0.1 percent against a basket of major currencies at 100.71.
In European trade it had come off those highs but was still up 0.1 percent on the day, at 109.625.
The Syrian conflict has been the centre of concern for investors as it puts the United States on a collision course with Moscow, allies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Fraying nerves further, North Korea warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States.
"What is more surprising (than the yen's gain) is that the dollar, which is usually in demand in uncertain times, has not been able to appreciate. That is probably mainly due to the fact that the United States is at the centre of these geopolitical risks," Commerzbank currency strategists wrote in a note to clients.
And in a new twist to the French elections, a far-left veteran - Jean-Luc Melenchon who had been written off as a long shot has now surged into the top four, pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme runoff scenarios.
The euro was off 0.1 percent against the dollar to $1.0599 .
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; additional reporting by Jemima Kelly and Tokyo markets team; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
April 3 Bridgestone Corp
* Says it repurchased 3.9 million shares for 17.79 billion yen in total, from March 1 to March 31
* Says this was part of the share repurchase plan announced on Feb. 17
* Says it accumulatively repurchased 6 million shares for 27.1 billion yen in total as of March 31
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/P5BtM8
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LONDON, March 30 Global green bond issuance could reach $125-150 billion this year as demand for low-carbon infrastructure investment continues, Swedish banking group SEB said on Thursday.
SEB said $97 billion of green bonds were issued last year.
The proceeds from so-called bonds help finance projects in the renewable energy, energy-efficiency, green transport and wastewater treatment sectors.
In January, HSBC forecast the growth in green bond issuance could slow this year to $90-120 billion after a record 2016.
"At the conclusion of the first quarter, SEB maintains its 2017 year-end green bond market potential issuance figures at $125 billion in a baseline scenario, with upside potential for issuance to rise to $150 billion," SEB said in a report.
In the first quarter of this year, green bond issuance was $25.7 billion, 67 percent higher than in the fist quarter last year, SEB said in the report.
"Chinese issuance grew rapidly in 2H16 and significant volume may still lie in the months ahead, with announcements from Chinese authorities signalling that green bond issuance in 2017 potential is 'strong'," the report said.
New initiatives aimed at attracting foreign investment into the Chinese domestic green bond market, have also been announced.
SEB said this was propelling issuance even though U.S. President Donald Trump signed an order this week to undo Obama-era climate change regulations, keeping a campaign promise to support the coal industry and calling into question U.S. support for the international deal to fight global warming.
(Editing by Susan Thomas)
ALGIERS May 2 Norway's Statoil is interested in investments in Algeria's offshore potential and solar and wind energy projects, Norway's foreign affairs minister said after meeting with their Algerian counterpart, a ministry statement said on Tuesday.
Statoil is already operating in Algeria's gas sector, but it is the first time the company has expressed public interest in renewable energy projects and offshore projects in Algeria.
Algeria, hit by the crash in global oil prices, is working hard to find new energy resources to boost its revenues but also to develop renewable energy to cut domestic demand for gas so it can export more.
Norwegian Foreign Affairs minister Borge Brende highlighted "business prospects not only in the gas sector but also wind, solar and offshore", the Algerian ministry statement said.
Algeria will announce shortly a major solar project of 4,000 Megawatts as part of its renewable energy development.
During the visit, Algeria's Energy Minister Nourredine Bouterfa also said the government planned a project with a capacity of 3,000 megawatts from wind energy.
Algerian state energy company Sonatrach's revenue reached a record low of $27.5 billion in 2016 versus $60 billion in 2014 after the collapse of energy prices.
Several international companies have already showed interest in Algeria's offshore projects, including Italy ENI , U.S. Anadarko and ExxonMobil. Sonatrach has said that it expects offshore works to begin before the end of this year.
Statoil has already partnered with BP and Sonatrach in Tiguentourine's gas plant in the Algerian desert, one of the country's largest gasfields. (Reporting by Lamine Chikhi. Editing by Jane Merriman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO - Czech Republic Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka speaks during the news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke/File Photo
Czech Finance Minister Andrej Babis speaks to journalists, as they arrive at Prague Castle, to meet with President Milos Zeman in Prague, Czech Republic May 3, 2017. REUTERS/David W Cerny
Czech Finance Minister Andrej Babis speaks to journalists, as they arrive at Prague Castle, to meet with President Milos Zeman in Prague, Czech Republic May 3, 2017. REUTERS/David W Cerny
PRAGUE Czech coalition parties sought to avoid a snap election on Wednesday and find a way to steer the country towards a scheduled vote in October after Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka's shock resignation.
Sobotka announced on Tuesday that they and their government would step down, less than six months before its term finishes, to resolve a long-running dispute with billionaire Finance Minister Andrej Babis, their main political rival.
The Social Democrat leader, whose party trails Babis's centrist ANO movement by a double-digit margin in polls, justified the risky and drastic step by saying that simply firing Babis would have turned them into a 'martyr'.
Sobotka is due to hand in their resignation on Thursday to President Milos Zeman, who will have a range of options after that. A spokesperson for Sobotka said the resignation of the full cabinet would take effect in mid-May.
Zeman could reject the resignation, or leave the current cabinet governing until the election despite it, or name a new cabinet with a prime minister of their choice.
The last two options might meet Sobotka's main objective of deposing Babis from the Finance Ministry as their tax issues are being investigated, but they could also cost them their own job.
Pavel Belobradek, chief of the third coalition party, the Christian Democrats, said: "I think the government could continue with the same floorplan, only without Mr Sobotka and Babis."
Parties have spoken against an early election and the head of the Social Democrats' lower house parliamentary group told reporters on Wednesday the party did not support it.
Sobotka's government has been the longest-serving for 15 years, with previous administrations falling due to coalition disputes or corruption scandals. Markets have taken the news in their stride, without any sell-offs.
BABIS UNDER FIRE
Babis, the second-richest Czech business person, has come under fire over the legality of their use of tax-free bonds and the payment of European Union small business subsidies to a company they ultimately acquired.
Their Agrofert group, which they shifted to a trust fund earlier this year, includes hundreds of firms in chemicals and farming, as well as two national newspapers and a radio station.
They have denied wrongdoing and rejected calls to quit.
The ANO party, which Babis set up and finances, has drawn support for its business-like approach to government and pledge to weed out corruption. It has attracted voters tired of party politics and willing to overlook questions over Babis's affairs.
With the press and the lower house questioning Babis in the recent months, speculation had grown that Sobotka might fire him. But that would have required formal approval by Zeman, who has had good relations with Babis and poor rapport with Sobotka.
Some commentators said Sobotka's resignation could help them by exposing Babis to more scrutiny, while others said it smacked of desperation.
(Additional reporting by Jan Lopatka; Writing by Jason Hovet; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
FILE PHOTO - People pass the JP Morgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters in the Manhattan borough of New York City, May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo
JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) reported a 17 percent jump in quarterly profit on Thursday, topping analyst expectations as higher interest rates fuelled trading activity and helped the largest U.S. bank earn more from lending.
The Federal Reserve's decision to hike rates in March for the second time in three months led investors to reposition portfolios, as did elections in Europe and news about Britain's progress in leaving the European Union. That increased activity boosted first-quarter revenue in JPMorgan's markets-related businesses, particularly fixed-income trading.
The bank also reported growth in loans and deposits and was able to earn more from lending as interest rates ticked higher. However, its pace of loan growth, much like in the broader U.S. banking industry, has slackened recently.
Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) and Citigroup Inc (C.N) also reported results on Thursday, with Citi showing similar gains in trading and Wells Fargo hurt by a slowdown in mortgage lending.
Overall, JPMorgan earned $6.4 billion (5.12 billion pounds) in the first quarter, or $1.65 per share, up from $5.5 billion, or $1.35 per share a year earlier. The bank's total net revenue rose 6 percent to $24.7 billion from $23.2 billion in the year-ago quarter.
Analysts had expected earnings of $1.52 a share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
JPMorgan shares rose 0.5 percent to $85.79 in premarket trading.
JPMorgan's corporate and investment banking division, which includes the trading business, reported a 17 percent rise in revenue to $9.5 billion, the biggest gain among its four major business lines. Weaker advisory fees were more than offset by gains in revenue from underwriting, securitised products, interest rate-related products, prime brokerage and corporate derivatives.
On a conference call with journalists, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said some customers decided to borrow by issuing bonds rather than taking out loans.
Mortgage borrowing was a dark spot in the bank's results, with mortgage fees and loan servicing revenue tumbling 39 percent to $406 million from $667 million. Higher interest rates have dissuaded borrowers from refinancing, and JPMorgan executives had said in February they expected non-interest mortgage revenue to fall throughout the year.
Even so, the bank managed to grow its core book of loans by 9 percent on an annual basis and nearly 1 percent from the prior quarter. Its net interest income, an important measure of profitability that shows the difference between a bank's cost of money and how much it receives for the funds, rose 6 percent.
In a statement, Chief Executive Jamie Dimon said U.S. consumers and businesses are "healthy overall" and that the economy could further improve if the government pursues pro-growth initiatives.
(Reporting by Sweta Singh in Bengaluru and David Henry in New York; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
RIYADH May 2 The Saudi Arabian government is likely to tap the international and domestic bond markets again this year, depending on demand for its debt and the pricing it can obtain, finance minister Mohammed al-Jadaan said on Tuesday.
They told an investment conference that the state budget deficit would be funded with three streams - international debt, local debt and drawing down the government's financial reserves - and that using the reserves would be the last resort.
Saudi Arabia issued a debut, $17.5 billion sovereign international bond last year and made a $9 billion sukuk issue last month. It halted monthly domestic bond issues late last year to ease pressure on liquidity in the banking system. (Reporting by Reuters Riyadh team; Writing by Andrew Torchia)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fitch: Growth and Profitability under Pressure for U.S. Captive Finance Cos.
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) Link to Fitch Ratings' Report: U.S. Captive Finance Companies: 2016 Review (Leverage Remains Elevated as Asset Quality Weakens) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/899435 NEW YORK, June 14 (Fitch) Captive finance companies are likely to face continued pressure on profitability due to rising credit losses, declining residual values and higher funding costs, according to a review of U.S. Captive Finance Companies from Fitch Ratings. In a
PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
WASHINGTON May 2 A deal between Greece and its international lenders for more fiscal reforms settles one issue that has blocked the International Monetary Fund's financial participation in the bailout, but debt relief is still needed, an IMF spokesperson said on Tuesday.
The spokesperson said the IMF has long maintained that Greece's bailout program must have both reforms to meet fiscal surplus targets and debt relief in order for the Fund to participate.
In a joint statement with Greece's European lenders, the IMF said: "the Greek authorities have confirmed their intention to swiftly implement this policy package. This preliminary agreement will now be complemented by further discussions in the coming weeks on a credible strategy for ensuring that Greece's debt is sustainable."
Greece's government early on Tuesday promised to cut pensions and give taxpayers fewer breaks to pave the way for the disbursement of further rescue funds. (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Britain Football Soccer - Crystal Palace v Burnley - Premier League - Selhurst Park - 29/4/17 Burnley's Andre Gray celebrates scoring their second goal with Michael Keane Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
Burnley enjoyed their first away win of the season with goals from Ashley Barnes and Andre Gray giving them a 2-0 win at Selhurst Park against Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Saturday.
The win moves Burnley (39 points) eight points above the relegation zone ahead of Swansea's (31 points) visit to Manchester United on Sunday and should secure their top-flight status for another season.
Barnes converted from close range after a low ball into the box from Stephen Ward and shortly afterwards had a second effort disallowed for handball.
But substitute Gray made sure of the win, five minutes from the end, racing on to a superb through ball from George Boyd and blasting home.
Palace are in 16th place, seven points ahead of Swansea.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Clare Fallon)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Britain's Union Jack flag flutters next to the EU flag at the opening ceremony of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) in Valletta, Malta November 27, 2015. REUTERS/Toby Melville
BRUSSELS Brussels expects to lure other financial players after convincing Lloyd's of London, the world's largest speciality insurance market, to make the city its post-Brexit European hub.
While Lloyd's choice on Thursday surprised some, lower rental prices and its proximity to Britain could help other financial firms choose the multilingual home of the European Union over Dublin, Frankfurt, Paris and Luxembourg.
Lloyd's is expected to move fewer than 100 people, but other insurers needing an EU subsidiary to keep access to the single market after Britain leaves the bloc may follow. Lloyd's has long been a magnet for insurance underwriters, most of which are clustered around its landmark building in the City of London.
"From our contacts with consultancy firms we have learned that several companies are interested in Belgium," a spokesperson for Belgium's financial sector federation Febelfin said, without specifying which companies or sectors had expressed an interest.
Brussels suffered as a banking centre during the financial crisis in which its three largest banks required state-led bailouts from which only one has really recovered and employment in Belgium's financial sector has been in steady decline, shrinking some 20 percent since 2007.
Fortis, once one of Europe's largest banks, now only exists as a pared-down insurer, Ageas (AGES.BR), after its banking operations were sold to France's BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA).
Dexia (DEXI.BR), once the world's largest lender to municipalities, is being wound down, with Belgium, France and Luxembourg guaranteeing 71 billion euros ($77 billion) of the group's borrowings.
Nevertheless, Belgium still hosts the headquarters of payment messaging provider Swift and clearing house Euroclear and some 82 banks have an office in the country.
Being in the vicinity of European institutions also allows for easy access to high-level decision makers.
For employees cosmopolitan Brussels offers rents which are about a third of those in London, high-speed rail services reaching the UK capital in less than two hours and good food.
"What people really like here is the international community that definitely is the number one reason to come here," Edgar Hutte of the Brussels Expat Club, which helps new arrivals settle in, said.
The negatives include hefty income taxes, among the highest in the OECD group of developed countries, bureaucratic red tape and world record traffic jams.
(Editing by Philip Blenkinsop and Alexander Smith)
China asks banks to suspend dealings with Anbang -Bloomberg
BEIJING, June 15 Chinese authorities have asked banks to suspend business dealings with Anbang Insurance Group, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, a day after the insurer said its chairperson had stepped aside, amid reports they had been detained.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
LONDON Grammy award-winning artist Sheena Easton has made their West End debut in the musical "42nd Street", with Britain's Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton, actor Morgan Freeman and tennis coach Judy Murray attending the show's premiere.
The musical follows a Broadway director named Julian Marsh as they attempt to put on a successful theatrical production in the middle of the Great Depression.
Easton plays Peggy Marsh, one of the chorus line in the show, who takes over as the lead when the star actor breaks their ankle.
Produced by Johnny Hon and directed by Mark Bramble, "42nd Street" is famous for songs like "Dames", "We're In The Money" and "I Only Have Eyes For You".
It is not the production's first showing in London, having run in the West End from 1984 to 1989. A relatively unknown Catherine Zeta Jones performed in the chorus line in 1984.
(Reporting by Reuters Television, Writing by Karishma Singh; Editing by Michael Perry)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
March 30 Affimed NV:
* Affimed reports financial results for fourth quarter and year end 2016
* Q4 loss per share eur 0.16
* Q4 earnings per share view EUR -0.29 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q4 revenue EUR 1.4 million versus EUR 1.7 million
* Q4 revenue view EUR 1.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Affimed NV - including proceeds from offering in January and February 2017, company's operations are expected to be funded at least until end of 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON Britain's No. 2 supermarket group Sainsbury (SBRY.L) plans to convert 60 Argos general merchandise stores to a digital format and open more in-store Habitat outlets over the next year, it said on Thursday.
Last September Sainsbury purchased Argos- and Habitat-owner Home Retail for 1.1 billion pounds, securing an avenue of growth in non-food while also enhancing its online logistics operations.
The acquisition has so far proved a success with Argos's underlying sales increasing 4.3 percent in Sainsbury's fiscal fourth quarter.
Sainsbury has already opened 50 Argos Digital stores, using tablet PCs instead of catalogues to select goods and place orders, in its supermarkets and has committed to opening 250 over three years.
The move to transform 60 stand-alone Argos stores to the digital format, which offers shoppers faster access to thousands of products, represents the next stage of Sainsbury's growth plans. It also said it plans to open another 10 mini Habitats in supermarkets in its 2017-18 year, bringing the total to 17.
Argos Chief Executive John Rogers noted an uplift of between 1 and 2 percent in sales from Argos customers shopping for food, general merchandise and clothing in Sainsbury stores.
They said Argos Digital stores located in Sainsbury supermarkets open for more than a year were delivering like-for-like sales growth of 20 to 30 percent.
However, some analysts caution that life could get tougher for Argos as 2017 progresses. They argue it will see higher import costs due to the weaker pound, while consumers are likely to see a decline in discretionary income as inflation bites.
(Editing by David Holmes)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement 'En Marche!', or 'Onwards!', and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, kisses their wife Brigitte Trogneux, as they attend a meeting for Women's Day in Paris, France, March 8, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes/File Photo
A technician holds placards which reads 'I walk' in support of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, before a campaign rally in Pau, Southwestern France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Placards in support of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, are seen before a campaign rally in Pau, Southwestern France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
A technician holds placards in support of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, before a campaign rally in Pau, Southwestern France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Emmanuel Macron (2ndL), head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, and their wife Brigitte Trogneux have a lunch break at the mountain top during a campaign visit in Bagneres de Bigorre, in the Pyrenees mountain, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, and their wife Brigitte Trogneux sit on a chairlift on their way to the mountain top for a lunch break during a campaign visit in Bagneres de Bigorre, in the Pyrenees mountain, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, and their wife Brigitte Trogneux sit on a chairlift on their way to the mountain top for a lunch break during a campaign visit in Bagneres de Bigorre, in the Pyrenees mountain, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
Emmanuel Macron (R), head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, and their wife Brigitte Trogneux arrive for a lunch break at the mountain top during a campaign visit in Bagneres de Bigorre, in the Pyrenees mountain, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
PARIS French would-be president Emmanuel Macron defied orders from their parents to end a schoolboy romance with a teacher who was 24 years their senior - the woman they married and who will become first lady if they are elected next month, a new book says.
When Macron was a young teenager, their father told Brigitte Trogneux, a married mother of three, to stay away from their son until they reached 18 years of age, according to the book.
"I cannot promise you anything," a tearful Trogneux replied. The relationship continued and the couple married in 2007 after Trogneux divorced their husband.
Macron's relationship with Trogneux has inspired intensive coverage by glossy magazines. The publication of "Emmanuel Macron: a perfect young man" adds to the picture in the last weeks of a tight presidential race in which they are a favourite.
The latest publication seemed unlikely to have much, if any, impact on the 39-year-old's election chances.
But the detail of Macron's romance, which began at a Jesuit college in the provinces where they were a teenage schoolboy and Trogneux a teacher, is sure to capture the public imagination in the final days before an election where one vote takes place on April 23, with the run-off on May 7.
They were about 16 at the time and they were in their late 30s. The romance blossomed when they studied drama with Trogneux, the book said.
Journalist Anne Fulda, who interviewed Macron, their wife and both of their parents for the book, said they had been shocked to discover their teenage son, rather than pursuing their daughter, was pursuing Trogneux herself.
"We couldn't believe it. What is clear is that when Emmanuel met Brigitte we couldn't just say: 'That's great!'," Macron's mother was quoted as saying.
They later confronted Trogneux saying: "Don't you see. You've had your life. But they won't have children with you."
"OUR SECRET"
A spokesperson for Macron, asked to comment, said it was regrettable that Fulda had not sought Macron and their wife's opinion on their parents' opposition to the romance.
The book left unclear when exactly the romance turned into a full-blown love affair. Fulda wrote: "Emmanuel's parents were keen on emphasising that they did not lodge a complaint against Brigitte Auziere (Trogneux's married name) for corruption of a minor."
And Trogneux, who will become France's first lady if Macron wins the election, remained discreet about the origins of the affair. "Nobody will ever know at what moment our story became a love story. That belongs to us. That is our secret," they were quoted as saying.
The affair continued between the two after Macron left the town of Amiens to continue higher studies in Paris and their subsequent move into banking where they made a fortune before entering politics.
The book quoted them as decrying the "misogyny" generated by their marriage to Trogneux. "Nobody would call it unusual if the age difference was reversed," they said. "People find it difficult to accept something that is sincere and unique.
Fulda said Macron's parents rapidly came round to accepting the relationship despite the early opposition to the romance, quoting Maron's mother as describing Trogneux as "adorable".
The book also recounted how Macron's mother reacted when they heard rumours that their son might be gay, speculation that they themselves dismissed at a rally last February.
"You're going to deny this, aren't you!" they said to him. To which they replied: "Of course not, Mum. To reply would only mean feeding unfounded and uninteresting rumours."
(Writing by Richard Balmforth; Editing by Brian Love and Alison Williams)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Inspired Entertainment Inc:
* Q1 LOSS PER SHARE $0.20‍​
* INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT, INC. REPORTS STRONG FIRST QUARTER 2018 RESULTS
* Q1 REVENUE ROSE 16.1 PERCENT TO $31.4 MILLION
* INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT - MAINTAINS OUTLOOK OF ADJUSTED EBITDA FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING SEPTEMBER 30, 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Rouble up 7 pct against dollar so far this year
* Stronger rouble boosts cost, hits export earnings
* Steelmakers with high vertical integration seen at risk
By Jack Stubbs
MOSCOW, April 9 A rise in the value of the rouble could knock Russia's steelmakers, increasing costs in dollar terms and eating into export earnings at a time when the sector is seen benefiting from a nascent economic recovery.
Companies including market leader NLMK and its closest competitor Evraz have struggled over the last two years as world steel prices plumbed 11-year lows and Russia's economic crisis sapped domestic demand.
The sector's prospects are seen brightening in 2017 as the Russian economy returns to growth, with officials forecasting a rise in gross domestic product of up to 2 percent this year, partly thanks to higher oil prices.
But higher oil prices combined with the Russian central bank's policy of high interest rates, have also pushed the rouble up 7 percent versus the dollar so far this year.
For Russia's steelmakers, whose export sales are priced in dollars, that means higher production costs at home in dollar terms, which analysts say could hit earnings and reduce profitability.
"The benefits from the better economy are by far compensated by negatives coming from the stronger rouble," said Kirill Chuyko, head of metals and mining research at BCS Investment Bank. "We estimate a 10 percent rouble appreciation might eat up to 15 percent of profits for Russian steel companies."
NLMK, Evraz and Severstal said the rouble's strengthening would decrease the profitability of export sales, but this would not impact wider earnings due to an uptick in global steel prices and their focus on the improving domestic market. MMK did not respond to a request for comment.
"Usually, if we lose on one market, we earn on the other. The question of prices is much more important," a Severstal spokesperson said.
NLMK and MMK both reported 2016 core earnings that were flat or almost flat at $1.9 billion and $1.6 billion respectively. Evraz's rose 7.2 percent to $1.5 billion.
FUTURE VULNERABILITIES
Société Générale analyst Sergei Donskoy said companies that produced more of the raw materials needed in steel production, and thus had more costs in roubles, would be harder hit by the currency appreciation.
"Those who have low integration, they naturally have more of an advantage," they said. "MMK perhaps looks more resilient... those who have strong integration, Severstal, NLMK, Evraz, they look more vulnerable."
Severstal and Evraz produced 110 percent and 81 percent of the iron ore needed for their steel production respectively in 2016, as well as 70 percent and 195 percent of coking coal, corporate filings show. The companies sell any surplus on both domestic and export markets.
NLMK produced 95 percent of its iron ore but no coking coal, which has prices pegged to the dollar despite being quoted in roubles. MMK produced 19 percent of its iron ore and 39 percent of its coking coal in 2015.
David Herne, managing director at asset manager SPRING, said companies that focused on the domestic market would be partly shielded from the stronger rouble.
"With regards to the rouble, probably Magnitogorsk (MMK) benefits from strength because it sells 80 percent domestically. NLMK exports quite a lot so is certainly not benefited.
"But NLMK claims to be the most efficient and has the numbers to prove it. Year after year they have been eking out a percent or two gain and it adds up."
Donskoy said they did not expect any immediate impact on the companies' earnings, but the situation left them more vulnerable to possible future problems.
"The stronger rouble is a drag," they said. "Right now I wouldn't say it's a big drag... but the question is what happens if global steel prices and export steel prices begin to fall and at the same time the rouble stays resilient.
"This could be a headwind as we go into the second half of the year." (Additional reporting by Alexander Winning; Editing by Katya Golubkova)
World Trade Organization (WTO) Director-General Roberto Azevedo attends a news conference on world trade figure for 2016 and forecast for 2017 in Geneva, Switzerland, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
World Trade Organization (WTO) Director-General Roberto Azevedo attends a news conference on world trade figure for 2016 and forecast for 2017 in Geneva, Switzerland, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
World Trade Organization (WTO) Director-General Roberto Azevedo attends a news conference on world trade figure for 2016 and forecast for 2017 in Geneva, Switzerland, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
World Trade Organization (WTO) Director-General Roberto Azevedo attends a news conference on world trade figure for 2016 and forecast for 2017 in Geneva, Switzerland, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
GENEVA World trade is on track to expand by 2.4 percent this year, though there is "deep uncertainty" about economic and policy developments, particularly in the United States, the World Trade Organization (WTO) said on Wednesday.
WTO director-general Roberto Azevedo said that clarity was still needed on U.S. President Donald Trump's trade policies, while making a general appeal to resist protectionism.
The results of upcoming elections in major economies including France should provide more predictability for investors, they said.
The range for growth this year has been adjusted to between 1.8 and 3.6 percent, from 1.8 to 3.1 percent last September, the WTO said.
"We should see trade as part of the solution to economic difficulties, not part of the problem," Azevedo said.
"Overall I think that while there are some reasons for cautious optimism, trade growth remains fragile and there are considerable risks on the downside. Much of the uncertainty around the outlook is political," they told a news conference.
"We need to keep strengthening the system, delivering new reforms, and resisting the erection of new barriers to trade."
The WTO has repeatedly revised preliminary estimates over the past five years as predictions of economic recovery prove overly optimistic.
Global trade grew by "an usually low" 1.3 percent in 2016, the slowest pace since the financial crisis, failing to match even its revised forecast of 1.7 percent of last September.
"The poor performance over the year was largely due to a significant slowdown in emerging markets where imports basically stagnated last year, barely growing in volume terms," Azevedo said.
In 2018, global trade is forecast to grow by between 2.1 percent and 4 percent in WTO's latest analysis.
"A spike in inflation leading to higher interest rates, tighter fiscal policies and the imposition of measures to curtail trade could all undermine higher trade growth over the next two years," it warned.
Trump has made reducing U.S. trade deficits a key focus of their economic agenda to try to grow American manufacturing jobs. They have taken particular aim at renegotiating trade relationships with China and Mexico.
 They are considering an executive order to launch a trade investigation that could lead to supplemental duties in certain product categories, a Trump administration official told Reuters on Monday.
"If policymakers attempt to address job losses at home with severe restrictions on imports, trade cannot help boost growth and may even constitute a drag on the recovery," Azevedo said.
They awaited confirmation of the new U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) nominee Richard Lighthizer - who has pledged an "America First" strategy to aggressively enforce U.S. laws and trade deals to stop unfair imports and push China to scrap excess factory capacity.
"We are waiting to see the new trade team really in place, waiting for the new USTR to be confirmed so that we can have a more meaningful dialogue at this point in time we don't have that. We are still waiting to see how the trade policy itself is going to shape up in the United States."
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Southwest Securities International Securities Ltd
* Unit entered into facility agreement with borrower and guarantor
* Lender has agreed to lend to borrower a term loan in principal amount of hk$300 million
* Lender being southwest securities; borrower being gold train investments; guarantor being poon sum
* "company considers that risks involved in advance to borrower are relatively low" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Recasts with final vote, adds background on issue, comment by Planned Parenthood official)
By Lisa Lambert
WASHINGTON, March 30 Vice President Mike Pence took the rare step of breaking a tie in the U.S. Senate on Thursday, casting the deciding vote to roll back protections for reproductive health funds.
Using the Congressional Review Act, which allows lawmakers to repeal recently minted regulations, senators killed a rule intended to keep federal grants flowing to clinics that provide contraception and other services in states that want to block the funding.
The rule was enacted in the final weeks of former President Barack Obama's administration, giving lawmakers the opening to nullify it under the review law.
In recent years states such as Texas have kept some healthcare providers from receiving the grants as part of the country's longstanding fight over abortion.
It was the second time on Thursday that Pence used their role as the chamber's president to end a deadlock. They were called to the capitol earlier to carry the resolution through a procedural vote.
Saying the rule usurps states' rights, Republicans argued local lawmakers should decide how healthcare money is distributed.
Their main concern is that federal money is being used to provide abortions, although the grants are specifically barred from funding those procedures. Republicans, including President Donald Trump, generally oppose abortion.
"This regulation is an unnecessary restriction on states that know their residents' own needs best," said Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
Democrats said the resolution was an attack on women's health, contending the rollback will make it harder for low-income and rural women to obtain screenings for cancer and other diseases, as well as contraception.
Most resolutions killing recent Obama-era regulations have sailed through the Republican-controlled Congress. They need to win only simple majorities in both chambers to go to the president for signing.
The congressional review law was used only once successfully until this year. The family-planning resolution marked the 13th time it has been deployed effectively since the beginning of February, as well as the first time a resolution has come within a hair's breadth of failing.
"Republicans didn't listen to us," said Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the senior Democrat on the health committee. "They didn't listen to women across the country who made it clear that restricting women's access to the full range of reproductive care is unacceptable."
The nonprofit Planned Parenthood, which provides abortions and many other health and contraception services, receives some of the federal funding.
Noting the recent collapse of the Republican healthcare bill in the U.S. House of Representatives, Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said Thursday's votes were close because "people are sick and tired of politicians making it even harder for them to access healthcare."
(Editing by Matthew Lewis)
March 28 Rockwell Collins Inc
* Rockwell Collins announces pricing of senior notes offering
* Priced a public offering of senior notes in a combined aggregate principal amount of $4.65 billion
* Notes will be issued in $300 million of 1.950% notes due 2019
* Rockwell Collins- Net proceeds of offering will be used to finance portion of consideration for co's previously announced acquisition of B/E Aerospace
* Rockwell Collins - Notes will be issued in $1.1 billion of 2.800% notes due 2022, $950 million of 3.200% notes due 2024, $1.3 billion of 3.500% notes due 2027
* Notes will be issued in $1.0 billion of 4.350% notes due 2047
* Rockwell Collins - Will use net proceeds of offering of 2019 notes to repay a portion of its outstanding short-term commercial paper borrowings
* Rockwell Collins - If B/E Aerospace acquisition is not completed on or prior to October 21, 2017 , co will redeem outstanding 2022, 2024, 2027 and 2047 notes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
European Commission Vice-President Jyrki Katainen is interviewed by Reuters on the fringe of a European People Party (EPP) summit in St Julian's, Malta, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
European Commission Vice-President Jyrki Katainen is interviewed by Reuters on the fringe of a European People Party (EPP) summit in St Julian's, Malta, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
European Commission Vice-President Jyrki Katainen is interviewed by Reuters on the fringe of a European People Party (EPP) summit in St Julian's, Malta, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
ST JULIAN'S, Malta The next steps in euro zone integration after Brexit could include greater investment in poorer members of the currency area, but only if they reduce the risky links between governments and banks, a top EU official said.
Britain's pending departure from the European Union has reignited the debate on how to reinvigorate the bloc and make the euro zone stronger and more sustainable, despite different views held by France and Germany.
European Commission Vice President Jyrki Katainen said their political family, the powerful European People's Party (EPP) that includes German Chancellor Angela Merkel, was ready to consider funding investment to weak members of the euro zone.
That falls well short of long-held French demands, quashed by Germany, to coordinate economic policy across the euro zone and preside over fiscal transfers between its 19 members.
But the centre-right EPP, whose lawmakers hold the most seats in the European Parliament, is more open to what Katainen called an "investment capacity", potentially backing projects through the EU's new infrastructure investment fund via the European Investment Bank.
"It's understandable that in economics there are cycles and in order to keep a currency union as stable as possible, there's a need to level the peaks and troughs," Katainen told Reuters an interview on Friday after an EPP congress in Malta.
"If there are shocks in some members that are cyclical in nature, it makes sense to help," they said.
Following the euro zone's near break-up during the 2010-2012 crisis, many economists argued the currency area could only survive as a proper monetary union like the United States.
That would mean a new European economic governance, possibly with a euro finance minister who has the means to make fiscal transfers from richer to poorer euro zone states.
The idea has been anathema to Germany's ruling class, with Merkel's government having rejected any form of permanent transfers to poorer countries, fearing Berlin would have to foot the bill and would lose control of reckless spenders.
But Katainen, a former Finnish prime minister whose country was among those who allied with Germany on the issue during the crisis, said they sensed a change in northern politicians.
"I see more willingness to consider what the ideal currency union would look like," said Katainen. "My own thinking has also changed. It doesn't cost anything to be open minded."
While Britain is not a member of the euro zone, its decision to trigger exit proceedings from the EU on Wednesday has left officials looking for ways to keep European integration alive.
"NO TRUST"
The European Commission, the EU executive, is expected to come forward with a so-called reflection paper on deepening euro zone integration in May, although Katainen is not involved in that work. They said they spoke only for the EPP on the matter.
"Because of Brexit, the sentiment of the remaining 27 countries on reforming the EU has strengthened, with a focus on EMU," Katainen said, referring to Economic and Monetary Union.
The euro zone, the economic core of the 60-year-old European project, tightened fiscal rules and created its own rescue fund and a common supervisor for banks during the heat of the crisis but is still considered by many as incomplete.
However, Katainen cautioned that the biggest obstacle was the lack of trust between members of the euro zone. "We don't trust each other as much as we should."
One step proposed by the EPP is for the euro zone to establish limits on the amount of money governments can borrow from euro zone banks to avoid crises that would wipe out lenders if a country defaulted.
Domestic debt in the euro zone averaged almost 120 percent of banks own funds at the end of 2013, according to the EPP.
For banks, EU rules that consider sovereign debt as having a zero-risk weighting on balance sheets are a problem, Katainen said because bonds issued by euro zone governments are considered risk-free by their bankers.
"This is a viscous circle that must be broken. We must be ready to defend countries but we must also address the root causes of any crisis," they said.
(Reporting by Robin Emmott; Editing by Vin Shahrestani)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
KUALA LUMPUR, Feb 2 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Inspired by the mobile game Pokémon Go, campaigners in the Philippines are using a smartphone app to send users to locations with condom dispensers in a bid to promote safe sex and break stigma to fight a worsening HIV epidemic.
The Philippines has registered the fastest-growing HIV/AIDS epidemic in Asia-Pacific, according to the United Nations, with a 140-percent jump in new infections over six years from 2010 and young gay men and transgender women most at-risk.
To tackle low condom use, activists have teamed up with restaurants and shops to set up dispensers with free condoms in the capital Manila which users can locate through an app.
Led by Save the Children and campaign group LoveYourself, which promotes HIV awareness, the Safe Spaces project has set up 30 dispensers in Manila so far and aims to expand to 150 locations across the country this year.
“It's like Pokémon Go when you run out of Poke Balls, you need to refill at a nearby station. At Safe Spaces, you can see the nearest stations where you can access free condoms,” LoveYourself founder Ronivin Pagtakhan said.
“This is an innovation, it has never been done before. Now people can access condoms safely and without stigma,” they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation by phone from Manila.
The Philippines in recent years has seen rising incidence of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which can leads to AIDS, although the rate has fallen in other parts of the world.
Most cases were transmitted through sexual contact and two out of three new HIV infections were among 15 to 24-year-old men, according to Philippine officials.
Philippines researcher Carlos Conde from Human Rights Watch - which is not involved in the project - said advocating condom use and sex education are keys to fight HIV but the Philippine government has “failed miserably” to do so in the mainly Catholic nation.
“The main hurdle has been the lack of political will to resist the deeply rooted opposition to these measures,” they said in a statement on Friday.
In another attempt to fight the epidemic, a group of HIV-negative gay men and transgender women started to take anti-HIV drugs last year under a two-year pilot project.
The daily pill, known as PrEP, is designed to protect the body pre-exposure, rather than after HIV spreads. (Reporting by Beh Lih Yi @behlihyi, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
U.S. President Donald Trump smiles after announcing a permit for TransCanada Corp's Keystone XL oil pipeline while TransCanada Chief Executive Officer Russell Girling (L), U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross (C) and U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry (R) stand beside them in... REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON Several environmental groups filed lawsuits against the Trump administration on Thursday to challenge its decision to approve construction of TransCanada Corp's controversial Keystone XL crude oil pipeline.
In two separate filings to a federal court in Montana, environmental groups argued that the U.S. State Department, which granted the permit needed for the pipeline to cross the Canadian border, relied on an "outdated and incomplete environmental impact statement" when making its decision earlier this month.
By approving the pipeline without public input and an up-to-date environmental assessment, the administration violated the National Environmental Policy Act, groups including the Center for Biological Diversity, Sierra Club and the Northern Plains Resource Council said in their legal filing.
"They have relied on an arbitrary, stale, and incomplete environmental review completed over three years ago, for a process that ended with the State Department's denial of a cross-border permit," the court filing says.
In the other filing, the Indigenous Environmental Network and North Coast Rivers Alliance sought injunctive relief, restraining Transcanada from taking any action that would harm the "physical environment in connection with the project pending a full hearing on the merits."
U.S. President Donald Trump announced the presidential permit for the Keystone XL at the White House last week. TransCanada's Chief Executive Officer Russ Girling and Sean McGarvey, president of North America's Building Trades Unions, stood nearby.
Trump, a Republican, said the project would lower consumer fuel prices, create jobs and reduce U.S. dependence on foreign oil.
Their Democratic predecessor, former president Barack Obama, rejected the pipeline, saying it would lead to an increase in greenhouse gas emissions and do nothing to reduce fuel prices for U.S. motorists.
"This tar sands pipeline poses a direct threat to our climate, our clean water, wildlife, and thousands of landowners and communities along the route of this dirty and dangerous project, and it must and will be stopped," said Michael Brune, executive director of the Sierra Club, one of the groups that filed the lawsuit.
The lawsuits came on the heels of a lawsuit filed on Wednesday challenging other recent moves to undo Obama's climate change regulations.
Conservation groups and the Northern Cheyenne Native American tribe of Montana sued the administration on Wednesday for violating the National Environmental Policy Act when it lifted a moratorium on coal leases on federal land.
All lawsuits have been filed in U.S. District Court in Montana's Great Falls Division.
(Reporting by Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Marguerita Choy)
FILE PHOTO: People holding mobile phones are silhouetted against a backdrop projected with the Twitter logo in this illustration picture taken September 27, 2013. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Illustration/File Photo
SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Twitter dropped about 1 percent on Thursday after co-founder Ev Williams said they are selling a minority of their shares in the social media company, which has been losing ground to Facebook and other fast-growing rivals.
"It actually pains me to be selling at this point, but this sale is all about personal context, not company context," Williams wrote in a blog post.
Twitter in the fourth quarter posted the slowest revenue growth since it went public four years ago and its stock has dropped 16 percent in the past year.
Williams said in the blog post, addressed to shareholders and employees, that Twitter shares would continue to make up the vast majority of their assets for the foreseeable future.
Twitter, which last year failed in an effort to find a buyer, was down 1.14 percent at $14.36 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Dan Grebler)
SEOUL South Korea's major opposition party will seek a summit with China to resolve an ongoing diplomatic spat over a U.S. anti-missile radar system if its presidential candidate is elected, the party's chief policymaker said in an interview with Reuters.
Yun Ho-jung, the chairperson of the Democratic Party's policy committee and a long-time acquaintance of presidential front-runner Moon Jae-in, said the economy faces risks from possible protectionist policies from China and the United States.
Moon currently holds the lead in a majority of polls, but they are closely being followed by a candidate from another opposition party, Ahn Cheol-soo.
Beijing's anger over a joint plan by the South Korea and the United States to set up the Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) missile system has led to the closure of South Korean businesses in China and a sudden drop in Chinese tourists to South Korea.
While Yun said placed the blame for current problems with China on the ruling party, they said their party and Moon are prepared to complain to China if unfair action is taken to curb South Korea business there.
"This will not be easily solved through working level talks, so after we enter the Blue House we will push for a summit with China," Yun told Reuters in an interview late Wednesday.
Yun said Moon would not unilaterally begin cooperation with North Korea to restart stalled talks or joint projects and that all inter-Korean efforts should benefit both Koreas.
"North Korea should not be the only one to reap profits," they said.
Additionally, the lawmaker added efforts will continue to discuss with the United States how South Korea has been boosting corporate investment there and that South Korea is running a services deficit with the world's largest economy.
STRUCTURAL CHALLENGES
The Democratic Party would also raise taxes, aggressively increase government spending aggressively and push for a supplementary budget to boost an economy hit by an ageing, declining population if Moon wins office, Yun said.
"We have had to draft extra budgets year after year because there were problems at the annual budget planning stage," said Yun. "Part of the blame is on the ruling party because they kept the budget growth rate so low."
Moon said on Wednesday they will push for a supplementary budget as soon as they take office if they are elected president and vowed to create half a million jobs per year on average through investment and government spending.
Yun explained the bulk of the new jobs would initially be made in the public sector. They added this year's supplementary budget and expansionary government spending for five to seven years would avoid relying on issuing new treasury bonds but rather on surplus tax revenue.
The party will also seek to raise the ratio of South Koreans' tax burden to gross domestic product by 1 to 2 percentage points, Yun said, as South Korea's ratio stands far lower than the 26.1 percent average for countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The ratio stood at 18.9 percent in South Korea last year.
The Bank of Korea will be left to act independently, Yun said, but they pointed out the central bank should take on a more active role in shaping the economy. The new government, if Moon is elected, would leave exchange rates to the market, Yun added.
South Korea will elect a new president on May 9 after former leader Park Geun-hye was impeached and arrested over an influence-peddling scandal that prompted hundreds of thousands of protesters into the streets for their ouster.
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Munir Zanial was reported to the FBI for displaying a Malaysian flag at an outdoor park where they rented space to celebrate Malaysian Independence Day.
Islamophobia presents itself in many ways. While some people lash out by committing hate crimes against Muslims, others simply live in crippling fear of everything Muslims do.
Case in point: Someone reported a Muslim man in Kansas to the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) last year after mistaking their Malaysian flag for a banner representing the Islamic State extremists, according to Raw Story.
Read More Three Muslim Women Granted $180,000 For Being Forced To Remove Hijabs
Munir Zanial — a Spirit Aerosystems engineer — rented out space at a recreational lake facility last summer to celebrate Malaysian Independence Day.
Alas, a nosey park employee who spotted the celebration and noticed the Malaysian flag egregiously thought the event was related to ISIS. The person claimed that the party involved people “dressed in Muslim garb” along with an American flag “desecrated with ISIS symbols.”
The concerned park official alerted the Spirit Boeing Employees' Association — which operates the rental facility — and the association then contacted the FBI.
The FBI pursued the tip and contacted Zanial, however, the agency dropped its investigation after learning that it was the Malaysian flag they were displaying.
Although the FBI cut Zanial slack, the recreational facility did not. They have since been banned from renting space there because their event led to an FBI investigation. Now, they have filed a discrimination lawsuit to clear the record.
“[Zanial] is concerned that the investigation could affect their lawful permanent residence status,” the lawsuit states. “He also feels distress and humiliation based on this experience of being singled-out because of their ethnicity, race and religion.”
The park employee certainly racially profiled Zanial and their guests. Regardless of their flag, it's likely that if the party-goers had not been Muslim, the park official would never have associated their group with ISIS.
Furthermore, Zanial being barred from using the facility ever again over someone else's mistake is sheer discrimination. They did nothing wrong and the FBI investigation that resulted from their previous event was based on a clear misunderstanding, so why should they be punished?
Instead, the park's operators should make a concerted effort to implement diversity training so that their employees will learn to check their racial and religious biases at the door before clocking in for work.
Banner/Thumbnail Photo Credit: Pixabay, terimakasih0
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - "The Circle," a movie adaptation of Dave Eggers' eponymous 2013 novel, tries to chill and amuse while telling the tale of a cultish internet company that wants to save the world by abolishing privacy. The result is neither hellish enough to be a dystopian drama nor biting enough to work as satirical comedy. Like its protagonist, it means well, but lacks a sense of identity.
The creepy, all-seeing tech firm, which is also called The Circle, is revealed through the eyes of an insecure young woman named Mae - played by former "Harry Potter" star Emma Watson - for whom it is initially the workplace of their dreams. A kind of near-future Frankenfirm combining aspects of Google, Facebook and Twitter, the company is headed by Chief Executive Eamon Bailey, played by Tom Hanks at their most avuncular.
 They are in favor of human rights, government transparency and everyone is their "best selves," they say. Putting miniature live-streaming cameras everywhere in the world is, to their mind, a pretty good way to achieve that. The idea is that people behave best when watched.
Hanks' character, alongside a thuggish-looking finance chief and a mysterious founder who drifts in and out of the action, form the three so-called wise men who run The Circle. Starting out in customer service, Mae finds themselves drawn further into the company's embrace when it offers health insurance to their parents in return for access to the medical data of their father, who has multiple sclerosis. At an early stage of the film, they are embarrassed by their incontinence. They want a shiny, glossy life, not one of mess and imperfection. The Circle offers them that, along with belonging and validation. Life, when on the antiseptic company campus, seems perfectible – if everyone shares enough of themselves.
Initially Mae jokes about drinking the corporate Kool-Aid. One of the biggest flaws of "The Circle," though, is how quickly they then does so. Early on they are freaked out by ghastly human-resources types intimidating them into giving up their weekends; but after getting into a spot of deep water, literally and metaphorically, they soon volunteers to "go transparent," or wear a camera that broadcasts virtually every aspect of their waking life. Then they are aghast when things go horribly wrong; then they double down on their commitment to the company.
Mae's whiplashing back and forth, as presented in the movie, is unsatisfying. Even at the end, it is unclear whether they think The Circle's plans to collect as much data as possible on everyone and everything are fundamentally wrong. The book ends more darkly, which feels more coherent than the film's confusing effort to include a partially happy ending.
"The Circle" reflects aspects of the present that are deeply troubling, be it the recent recording and broadcast of a murder on Facebook, the hate-filled trolling of individuals via social media or the hoovering up of personal data, much of it willingly volunteered, by companies that make their billions through advertising. Among real-life devices whose benign goals seem open to co-option by forces not unlike those portrayed in the book and film is the Echo Look, just unveiled by Amazon – a voice-activated gadget with a camera designed, among other things, to help people figure out what outfits to wear and to see themselves "from every angle."
Yet privacy and democratic freedoms are unlikely to be undermined in quite the way "The Circle" imagines, at the hands of a single totalitarian corporation able to bend governments to its will. Reality is messier than that.
A powerful digital-advertising duopoly does exist, though – Google parent Alphabet and Facebook share more than 75 percent of the U.S. online ad market, and together grabbed 99 percent of the growth in U.S. online ads last year, according to Pivotal Research Group. That calls for antitrust scrutiny. More than 90 percent of U.S. adults think consumers have lost control of how personal information is collected and used by companies, according to a September 2016 Pew Research report.
Whistleblower Edward Snowden meanwhile has helped reveal the extent of mass collection of data by intelligence agencies, prompting widespread fears of its misuse, as the International Network of Civil Liberties Organizations recounts in an October 2016 study. Concerns about undue government snooping, though, are absent from "The Circle."
Security guru and author Bruce Schneier, in their 2015 book "Data and Goliath," proposed an alternative future in which mass surveillance by companies and governments will seem as outlandish as child labor or environmental pollution. Schneier put forward an array of measures big and small that individuals and organizations can take to fight it. "The Circle" will raise awareness of the darker side of social-media transparency and the voluntary surrender of privacy. But it examines none of the issues as tellingly as, for example, the British television series "Black Mirror" – required viewing for anyone who finds "The Circle" and its bland tech hell not quite dystopian enough.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
A job seeker (L) talks with a corporate recruiter (R) as they peruse the man's resume at a Hire Our Heroes job fair targeting unemployed military veterans and sponsored by the Cable Show, a cable television industry trade show in Washington, June 11, 2013. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
WASHINGTON New applications for U.S. jobless benefits rose slightly more than expected last week, but a drop in the number of Americans on unemployment rolls to a 17-year low suggested the labor market continues to tighten.
The labor market's strength was underscored by other data on Thursday showing manufacturers in the mid-Atlantic region hired more workers this month and increased working hours, even as factory activity slowed from March's brisk pace.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits increased 10,000 to a seasonally adjusted 244,000 for the week ended April 15, the Labor Department said. The increase followed three straight weeks of declines.
Given that the labor market is near full employment with a 4.5 percent jobless rate and companies are reporting difficulties finding skilled workers, some economists see limited scope for claims to fall further.
"Layoffs remain low and employers feel no need to aggressively trim their payrolls. As labor market conditions tighten, the pool of available unemployed skilled workers continues to dry up," said Jim Baird, chief investment officer at Plante Moran Financial Advisors in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Claims have now been below 300,000, a threshold associated with a healthy labor market, for 111 straight weeks. That is the longest such stretch since 1970, when the labor market was smaller. Economists had forecast first-time applications for jobless benefits rising to 242,000 last week.
The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, fell 4,250 to 243,000 last week.
SHRINKING UNEMPLOYED POOL
The number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid decreased 49,000 to 1.98 million in the week ended April 8, the lowest reading since April 2000.
In a separate report, the Philadelphia Federal Reserve said its index of current manufacturing activity fell to a still-high reading of 22.0 this month from 32.8 in March. The index has been positive for nine consecutive months. April's slowdown was driven by a pullback in the new orders and shipments measures.
Firms reported an increase in manufacturing employment and workweek this month. The current employment index rose 2.4 points to its highest level since May 2011.
There was also a jump in manufacturers reporting intentions to boost capital spending this year. The capital expenditures expectations index rose to its highest level in just over 17 years.
"The continued increase bodes well for continued strength in capex spending in coming months," said Kevin Cummins, senior U.S. economist at NatWest Markets in Stamford, Connecticut.
The dollar was trading marginally lower against a basket of currencies, while U.S. stocks rose amid increased optimism around the first-quarter earnings season. Prices for U.S. Treasuries fell.
The claims data covered the survey week for April nonfarm payrolls. Claims declined 17,000 between the March and April survey periods, suggesting that job growth likely picked up this month. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 98,000 jobs in March, the fewest since May 2016.
An acceleration in employment growth would confirm that March's moderation was weather-driven and underscore the economy's strong fundamentals despite signs that growth slowed to well below a 1.0 percent annualized rate in the first quarter.
"The claims data support our view that temporary factors, mainly the weather restrained job growth in March and that we should see stronger results in the April data," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
April 13 Matrix Concepts Holdings Bhd:
* Entered into JV agreement cum shareholders agreement, subscription agreement with Nissin Ex. Co, and Nihon House Corp
* Agreement to jointly venture into the manufacturing of prefabricated building materials
* JVSA will not have any material effect on earnings per share of mchb group for the financial year ended 31 March 2017 Source text: [bit.ly/2nHLuSs] Further company coverage:
BEIJING, April 23 China imported 300,000 tonnes of sugar in March, up 43.9 percent from a year ago, and boosted first-quarter shipments, customs data showed on Sunday, as low global prices pushed up demand for overseas purchases from the world's top sweetener buyer.
Producers also scrambled to buy ahead of the results of a government investigation into alleged anti-dumping into top exporting countries. China has extended the months-long probe until May 22.
Imports in the first three months of the year hit 890,000 tonnes, up 47.7 percent. (Reporting by Hallie Gu, Josephine Mason and Yawen Chen; Editing by Paul Tait)
DHAKA The High Court of Bangladesh on Sunday upheld the death sentences of two members of a banned Islamist group accused of killing a blogger, a court official said.
The two were sentenced to death in 2015 for killing Ahmed Rajib Haider, a youth group activist campaigning for a trial of war criminals, including those involved in Bangladesh's independence war with Pakistan in 1971.
Rajib was hacked to death in Dhaka in 2013.
The two convicts, Redwanul Azad Rana and Faisal Bin Nayem, are members of the Islamist group Ansar al Islam, linked to al-Qaeda. In 2015, Dhaka police announced a reward of 500,000 takas ($6,410) for Rana, believed to be the most senior leader of the group. They have gone into hiding.
Rana is also accused of hacking to death another blogger, Bangladesh-born U.S. citizen Avijit Roy, in the same year.
Bangladesh has been battling a rise in Islamist-linked violence in the past four years. Since July, several militants have been arrested or killed in police operations for involvement in last year's attack on a Dhaka cafe in which 22 people, mostly foreigners, were killed.
Since 2013 Islamist militants killed or seriously injured 48 people in Bangladesh, including at least six online critics of religious militancy who were hacked to death.
Islamic State and al Qaeda have made competing claims over the killings of foreigners, liberals and members of religious minorities in Bangladesh, a mostly Muslim country of 160 million people.
The government has consistently ruled out the presence of foreign groups, blaming domestic militants instead.
(Reporting by Serajul Quadir; Editing by Clelia Oziel)
April 28 Canada's main stock index futures were trading higher on Friday as oil prices rebounded after dropping to a one-month low the previous day.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were up 0.13 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
Canada's gross domestic growth data, due at 8:30 a.m. ET, is likely to show economic growth was flat in February. While that will mark a step down from January's strong 0.6 percent pace, analysts still expect the economy is on track for a solid first quarter.
Monthly and annualized producer price data is also due at 8:30 a.m. ET.
Canada's benchmark stock index closed nearly 1 percent lower on Thursday, pulled lower by heavyweight banking stocks after an alternative lender's funding troubles raised concerns about the health of the housing market.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were up 0.08 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were up 0.09 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were up 0.08 percent.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
Thomson Reuters Corp reported higher first-quarter revenue and reaffirmed its full-year sales outlook.
Canadian alternative lender Home Capital Group Inc said on Thursday the Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan (HOOPP) agreed to provide a $2 billion credit line to its unit Home Trust.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Jean Coutu Group PJC: National Bank of Canada raises target to C$25 from C$22
Maple Leaf Foods Inc: CIBC raises target price to C$36 from C$35
TFI International Inc: CIBC cuts target price to C$35 from C$38
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1265.9; +0.17 percent
US crude: $49.39; +0.86 percent
Brent crude: $51.71; +0.52 percent
LME 3-month copper: $5715; +0.4 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON FRIDAY
08:30 GDP advance for Q1: Expected 1.2 pct; Prior 2.1 pct
08:30 GDP sales advance for Q1: Expected 1.3 pct; Prior 1.1 pct
08:30 GDP consumer spending advance for Q1: Prior 3.5 pct
08:30 GDP deflator advance for Q1: Expected 2.0 pct; Prior 2.1 pct
08:30 Core PCE prices advance for Q1: Expected 2.0 pct; Prior 1.3 pct
08:30 PCE prices advance for Q1: Expected 2.3 pct; Prior 2.0 pct
08:30 Employment wages QQ for Q1: Prior 0.5 pct
08:30 Employment benefits QQ for Q1: Prior 0.5 pct
08:30 Employment costs for Q1: Expected 0.6 pct; Prior 0.5 pct
09:45 Chicago PMI for Apr: Expected 56.4; Prior 57.7
10:00 U Mich Sentiment Final for Apr: Expected 98.0; Prior 98.0
10:00 U Mich Conditions Final for Apr: Expected 115.0; Prior 115.2
10:00 U Mich Expectations Fina for Apr: Expected 87.0; Prior 86.9
10:00 U Mich 1 year inflation final for Apr: Prior 2.5 pct
10:00 U Mich 5 year inflation final for Apr: Prior 2.4 pct
10:30 ECRI Weekly Index: Prior 145.2
10:30 ECRI weekly annualized: Prior 7.1 pct
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.36) (Reporting by Nikhil Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
April 5 Innophos Holdings Inc
* Innophos holdings inc - targeting $1.25 billion revenue and 20% adjusted ebitda by 2022
* Innophos holdings inc - reiterates q1 2017 expectations and 2017 guidance
* Innophos holdings inc - sees q1 net income expected to be in range of $10 million to $11 million
* Innophos holdings inc - sees q1 sales for quarter expected to be similar to q4 2016
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.65, revenue view $181.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.58, revenue view $704.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso speaks at Columbia Business School in New York City, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
TOKYO Japan will not make concessions on issues such as farm tariffs in two-way trade talks with the United States as it did for the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso told the Nikkei business daily in an interview.
The two started an economic dialogue this month and Vice President Mike Pence put Tokyo on notice that Washington wanted results "in the near future", adding that the talks could lead to negotiations on a two-way trade deal.
"If we do bilateral negotiations with the United States, we can't make any concessions," Aso said in Thursday's interview.
"It'd be good if the U.S. joined the TPP later on, once it understands that a free trade agreement would have tougher terms."
In January, President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the 12-nation TPP, and stressed that Washington would pursue bilateral trade talks.
Washington probably would want to give an answer by its mid-term elections in 2018, Aso said, the Nikkei added.
Aso, who also serves as deputy prime minister, said that
the TPP without the U.S. could be ratified "quickly", adding there is no chance for renegotiation, the report said.
"Since we went to the trouble of spending three years," in negotiating the trade pact, "it should be ratified," the Nikkei quoted Aso as saying.
"There will be no renegotiation of terms."
Following the United States' departure, Japan, Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam are still signed up to TPP, though most have put off ratifying it.
The TPP requires ratification by at least six countries accounting for 85 percent of the combined gross domestic product of the member nations.
That criteria can not be met without the U.S., so remaining 11 nations would need to change the wording if they want to ratify the TPP pact.
(This story has been refiled to fix spelling in second last paragraph)
(Reporting by Kaori Kaneko; Editing by Kim Coghill)
March 31 Pado Corp:
* Says it issued 13.5 million new shares for 1 billion yen in total via private placement
* Says RIZAP GROUP raised stake in it to 71.1 percent from 0 percent, a Yokohama-based advertisement company cut stake in it to 7.2 percent from 25 percent, an individual cut stake in it to 6 percent from 20.8 percent
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/OZQvit
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 30 Dazhong Transportation Group Co Ltd
* Says 2016 net profit up 9.16 percent y/y at 558.85 million yuan ($81.15 million)
* Says it plans to issue up to 2.0 billion yuan ($290.40 million) bonds which can be exchanged for Guotai Junan Securities shares held by the company
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2oeXdI0; bit.ly/2nze7xD
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8870 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
ANKARA, March 30 The arrest in the United States of a top Turkish banker charged with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate sanctions against Iran is a "completely political" move, Turkish Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag told broadcaster A Haber on Thursday.
The Halkbank executive is accused of conspiring with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is already on trial. Bozdag said the case was designed to tarnish Turkey and President Tayyip Erdoğan, adding there was no evidence incriminating Zarrab or Turkey.
(Reporting by Orhan Coskun and Humeyra Pamuk; Writing by Daren Butler; Editing by David Dolan)
* Saudi Arabia to issue debut Islamic bond in dollars
* Will comply with Dodd-Frank's risk retention rules
* Seen as precedent for future international sukuks
By Davide Barbuscia
DUBAI, April 9 Saudi Arabia has included a disclosure on credit risk retention requirements, part of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Act, in the prospectus of a debut dollar sukuk which it is expected to issue this week and could total $10 billion.
The disclosure to comply with the act, which the U.S. Congress introduced after the financial crisis to reduce risk-taking, has not been made for other sovereign sukuk issues.
The U.S. retention rule was set to align the interests of issuers of asset backed securities (ABS) with those of ABS investors by asking the sponsor of an ABS securitisation to have "skin in the game" by retaining 5 percent of the credit risk associated with the securities it is issuing.
In its sukuk prospectus, Saudi Arabia says that it does not consider its planned sukuk a securitisation, but that the issuance "may be captured, as a technical matter, by the language of the U.S risk retention rules".
Sukuk are generally considered to be asset-based, rather than asset-backed, but in order to comply with the rules, it will purchase at least 5 percent of the aggregate principal amount of each tranche it issues, the Saudi prospectus shows.
Saudi Arabia's ministry of finance declined to comment.
The kingdom's decision to comply, should the rules apply, has rung some alarm bells. "People are now worried that Dodd Frank risk retention could apply to sukuk in general," a capital markets legal expert of a Dubai-based firm told Reuters.
Legal firm White & Case, which worked as legal adviser for the banks arranging the debut sukuk, said in a publication on April 7 that "the majority of sukuk in the international markets are asset-based, making them dependent on the creditworthiness of the sponsor".
Since last December, U.S. credit risk retention rules have become effective for all types of asset-backed securities generally defined as securities collateralised by any type of self-liquidating financial asset.
Such a definition could "cover many asset-based sukuk that are not traditionally thought of as ‘asset-backed' or a securitisation," White & Case noted, with reference to certain kinds of sukuk structures such as the murabaha one which is partly being used by Saudi Arabia.
Given the breadth of the U.S. risk retention rules, their potential impact must be considered when structuring international sukuk transactions, the law firm said.
Saudi Arabia began meeting investors on Sunday ahead of the deal, the second debt sale by the kingdom, which made its debut in the international debt markets last year with a record $17.5 billion bond, the largest sold in emerging markets. (Editing by Alexander Smith)
U.S. YIELD CURVE STEEPENS FURTHER AS 10-YEAR YIELD HITS FRESH 4-YEAR PEAK, YIELD GAP BETWEEN 2-YEAR, 10-YEAR TREASURIES AT 67 BPS WIDEST SINCE MID-NOVEMBER - REUTERS, TRADEWEB DATA
MANCHESTER, England Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says they inherited a good group of players from predecessor Louis van Gaal, but that they lacked the happiness and belief that they have since discovered.
United extended their unbeaten run to 24 games in Thursday's 0-0 derby draw against Manchester City, despite a lengthy injury list and the additional workload of a Europa League campaign that has taken them into the semi-finals.
Mourinho has a reputation for creating a siege mentality at the clubs they manage, and they have used the injury crisis - which saw top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic and key defender Marcos Rojo suffer serious knee injuries last week - to create a spirit of resistance amongst their current squad.
That edge is something they say was missing in the players they inherited when they joined the club last July.
"The group was a nice group, honestly, good people, good boys, committed people, I think Mr Van Gaal left here a good group of boys with very good relations between them and that I got in my hands.
"(But) I think they missed happiness, they missed trust, belief, this extra bit that brings resilience, brings fight and they have it (now)," they told reporters on Friday.
"When we meet again next season, July 9th, they will be a stronger group. When the new players, when they arrive they will find a group more ready to go for big things."
While they have frequently lamented the injuries their squad has suffered in the second half of the season, Mourinho also believes that misfortune may have helped create the new spirit they talk of.
"Maybe it is a Bliss(ing) an opportunity to make the team strong, an opportunity to make them mentally stronger, maybe it is a Bliss(ing).
Mourinho said that French midfielder Paul Pogba, who missed the derby with a muscle injury, will also sit out Sunday's Premier League game with Swansea but will be back for Thursday's Europa League semi-final, first leg game in Spain against Celta Vigo.
United also have attacking midfielder Juan Mata and central defenders Phil Jones and Chris Smalling out with injuries and Mourinho joked that they were working hard in the gym in case they were needed to step in.
The former Chelsea and Real Madrid manager also has limited options in midfield, an area that was weakened with the sale of French midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin to Everton in January and the departure of German Bastian Schweinsteiger to the Chicago Fire.
Asked whether it was a mistake to let Schneiderlin leave mid-season, Mourinho said it was hard to keep players who wanted a move.
"We didn't tell Morgan we want to sell him, Morgan asked us 'please sell me, I want to go, I want to play every game'.
"Sometimes there is this dilemma, keep the bigger squad but the players don't want to stay... It's very hard and (now) we are arriving into an extreme situation".
(Reporting by Simon Evans; editing by John Stonestreet)
May 3 More than 50 miners were trapped after a huge explosion in a coal mine in northern Iran on Wednesday, and some were feared to have died, state media reported.
The reports said more than a dozen injured people had been transferred to hospital after the blast at 12:45 p.m. local time in the Zemestanyurt coal mine in Golestan province. (Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
(Reuters Health) - - Some people who rely on fitness trackers to see how hard they work out may want to rethink this approach, according to a small study that suggests the increasingly popular devices may get more accurate heart rate readings when users are at rest than during exercise.
The study tested four popular wristbands, each of which has a light-emitting diode (LED) that measures heart rate from tiny changes in skin blood volumes by using light reflected from the skin.
Participants in the study - 40 healthy adults - wore two trackers on each wrist and compared resting and exercise heart rate readings on the devices to the gold standard used by doctors: an electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG) test.
At rest, the Fitbit Surge got heart rate measurements that most closely matched the ECG results, and the Basis Peak was the furthest off. In tests that also included the Fitbit Charge and Mio Fuse, none of the trackers got exercise heart rate readings that came close to the ECG.
These results suggest that while the trackers may help monitor daily activity, it's not clear the heart rate readouts would be accurate enough to help patients with certain health problems make medical decisions, the authors note in Annals of Internal Medicine.
“At any moment, the tracker could be off by a fair bit, but at most moments, it won't be," said lead study author Lisa Cadmus-Bertram of the University of Wisconsin in Madison.
“This is why our paper doesn't suggest that the commercial trackers we tested would be sufficient for medical applications where high precision is needed during exercise,” Cadmus-Bertram said by email. “Yet for the typical recreational user, they may still provide feedback that's useful and motivational.”
To assess the accuracy of the trackers, researchers examined heart rate data for participants who were 49 years old on average and slightly overweight.
First, they looked at the amount of agreement between the readings from the trackers and the ECG tests.
When participants were seated, researchers took readings for the trackers and the ECG tests at one-minute intervals for 10 minutes.
The narrowest range of differences between the trackers and the ECG, indicating the most accuracy, was for the Fitbit Surge. The range for this tracker ranged from an underestimation of 5.1 beats per minute to an overestimation of 4.5 beats per minute.
The widest range of difference at rest was for the Basis Peak, which ranged from an underestimation of 17.1 beats per minute to an overestimation of 22.6 beats per minute.
When participants exercised on a treadmill, the ranges were even wider. The Mio Fuse ranged from an underestimation of 22.5 beats per minute to an overestimation of 26 beats per minute, for example, while the Fitbit Charge range from an underestimation of 41 beats per minute to an overestimation of 36 beats per minute.
The study is small, and researchers found only limited repeatability with results for the same participant under the same conditions.
Still, the findings are an important first step in understanding the clinical validity of wrist trackers many patients already use, said Dr. Daniel Cantillon, a researcher at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio who wasn't involved in the study.
“We need data testing these devices among patients with specific disease states, such as heart failure, atrial fibrillation and other chronic medical problems, where it is possible that additional variation will occur with physical activity,” Cantillon said by email.
In particular, patients with the most common heart rhythm disorder, atrial fibrillation, shouldn't rely on the trackers to detect abnormal rhythms, said Dr. Sumeet Chugh, a researcher at Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute in Los Angeles who wasn't involved in the study.
“There is a lot at stake here,” Chugh said by email. “When it comes to the use of wrist-worn trackers, we need to be confident of accuracy comparable to treadmill testing if we are going to use the information for patient care.”
A spokesperson for Fitbit told Reuters Health that Fitbit trackers "are not intended to be medical devices” but instead “to give a more informed picture" of overall health. "Extensive internal studies . . . show that Fitbit's PurePulse technology performs to industry standard expectations for optical heart rate on the wrist,” the spokesperson said.
Mark Gorelick, Chief Science Officer at Mio Global, said in a statement that the company's technology "helps consumers understand the intensity of their exercise, based on their personal profile and heart rate data, and empowers them to proactively manage their health and reduce risk of lifestyle-related diseases.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2p0mN0u Annals of Internal Medicine, online April 10, 2017.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
PARIS French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron said if elected they would push the European Union to raise anti-dumping taxes as part of an initiative to soften the impact of globalization.
Independent centrist Macron - who is facing euroskeptic, anti-globalization candidate Marine Le Pen in a second-round vote on Sunday - said that addressing the wrongs of globalization would be their top priority in talks with EU member countries.
"There is a feeling of rage, an incomprehension of the way things work, of a Europe that no longer protects and a globalization with too many losers," they said on BFM TV.
Macron said harmonizing corporate taxes in the EU, reviewing seconded-workers regulations and raising anti-dumping taxes would be among the issues they would put on the agenda of their first summit with EU leaders.
Macron, who sought higher steel import tariffs as France's economy minister, said they want to protect French jobs and companies with tougher anti-dumping rules.
"I want a massive increase in anti-dumping taxes when we face attacks from outside (the EU)," Macron said.
They said current levies of 100 to 120 percent on imported products sold below their production cost are not enough. In the past, China and India had sold off excess steel in Europe at a loss when they had produced too much steel, they said.
Pointing to the example of the United States, Macron also said they wanted at least 50 percent of European public tenders to be reserved for European companies.
"Europe should not be open to all winds while other countries decide to defend their own industries," they said.
Macron said they also want a review of EU law on "posted workers" - people working on contracts outside their home country, often in the trucking or construction business.
"People in the same country must receive the same salary for the same job. We can no longer have a system where a French worker is paid 100 while a worker coming from Poland is paid 40," they said.
They said that unlike Le Pen they do not want to scrap the law, as that is not possible in an open Europe and France itself sends workers abroad.
The European Commission had already proposed last year that workers from one EU country posted to work in another must be legally entitled to the same pay as host country workers, not just to the host country's minimum wage.
(Reporting by Geert De Clercq)
Qatar central bank raises deposit rate 25 bps, keeps others unchanged
DOHA, June 15 Qatar's central bank said on Thursday it was raising its overnight deposit rate by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent, after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates by the same margin.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
* U.S. yield curve at flattest level since November * Benchmark yield books the steepest weekly drop since Jan. 2016 (Update market action, adds quote) By Richard Leong NEW YORK, April 13 U.S. Treasury yields fell on Thursday, with benchmark yields hitting near five-month lows as President Donald Trump's favorable view of low interest rates intensified a bond market rally that was underpinned by geopolitical worries. The U.S. bond market closed early on Thursday, ending at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) ahead of the market holiday on Good Friday. Trump made comments saying they favored low interest rates in a Wall Street Journal interview published late Wednesday. They also said they like and respects Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, whose term ends in 2018, although they were critical of them during their presidential campaign. "There has been this flight to safety for bonds, with a lot of geopolitical risks. Then you have comments from Trump in favor of low rates and now they might keep Yellen," said Larry Milstein, head of U.S. government and agency trading at R.W. Pressprich & Co in New York. The yield on 10-year Treasury notes fell 14 basis points, for the biggest weekly decline since January 2016, while the gap between two-year and 10-year yields contracted to under 103 basis points, the tightest since Nov. 9 after Trump's presidential win. Trump's comments on interest rates and Yellen, as well as a comment that the dollar was too strong, added to demand for Treasuries on a safety bid by investors rattled by fears of possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea. Market participants have already been reconsidering how quickly the Federal Reserve would lower rates, and they have scaled expectations on the timing and size of tax cuts, infrastructure spending and regulatory rollbacks, which Trump had promised, investors said. "All those stories have been building for awhile. Trump's comments yesterday were consistent with that but I don't think it's the primary cause on what's going on," said John Bellows, portfolio manager at Western Asset Management Co in Pasadena, California. Investors have also worried about the upcoming French presidential election on April 23. Recent opinion polls showed the race tightening, and financial markets worried about the rising popularity of far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, who like far-right leader Marine Le Pen is anti-EU. Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields were down over 6 basis points, at 2.232 percent, after hitting 2.218 percent earlier Thursday, which was the lowest level since Nov. 17. The 30-year bond yield was down over 4 basis points, at 2.888 percent, after falling to 2.870 percent, a level last seen on Nov. 10. Thursday, April 13 at 1442 EDT (1842 GMT): Price US T BONDS JUN7 153-27/32 0-27/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 125-252/256 0-132/256 Price Current Net Yield Change (pct) (bps) Three-month bills 0.8 0.8127 -0.002 Six-month bills 0.915 0.9319 -0.010 Two-year note 100-22/256 1.2053 -0.033 Three-year note 100-68/256 1.4091 -0.054 Five-year note 100-134/256 1.7641 -0.066 Seven-year note 100-136/256 2.0426 -0.070 10-year note 100-40/256 2.232 -0.064 30-year bond 102-56/256 2.8884 -0.042 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 32.75 0.75 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 26.25 1.25 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 11.50 1.00 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -3.00 0.75 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -40.25 0.25 spread (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Leslie Adler)
FILE PHOTO: A sign hangs outside of a branch of The Co-operative Bank in London, Britain, February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay/File Photo
LONDON Co-operative Group (42TE.L), Britain's mutually-owned supermarket to funeral services group, lost 132 million pounds in 2016 after writing off its stake in the struggling Co-operative Bank.
Co-op said on Thursday that the uncertain prospects for the bank, which its management is trying to sell following a near collapse in 2013, made it prudent to value its stake at nil.
It is the third consecutive reporting period in which the group has written down the value of its 20 percent holding in the bank, which it valued at 140 million pounds in September.
The write-off meant that while the group's operating profit rose by 32 percent to 148 million pounds ($184 million) in 2016 on growth in its supermarkets, funeral services and insurance it recorded a pretax loss for the year.
Chairman Allan Leighton said the non-cash charge should not overshadow the strength of the recovery in its three core businesses which had pulled off a "hat-trick" of increasing market share and reporting industry-leading growth for the first time in five or six years.
Co-op said like-for-like sales in its supermarkets had grown by 3.5 percent, as its convenience stores attracted customers who wanted to shop little and often.
Chief Executive Steve Murrells said the growth had come from selling more food, as prices fell about 1 percent last year.
But two years of falling prices have come to an end, according to industry data, with rising import prices after Britain voted to quit the European Union last year.
Food inflation was about 1.5 to 2 percent, but had "probably slowed a little in the last few weeks", Murrells said.
"We've got a job to get a good balance between supporting good, loyal suppliers as well as keeping the pressure on the inflation lid," they told reporters.
Co-op, which had 4 million active customer members who receive a reward for buying its own-brand products, has been sourcing more products, such as meat, from British farmers in response to customer demands for locally-produced food, they said.
This had the added benefit of shielding some of the impact of rising import prices, Murrells added.
Murrells said the group had no role in the sale of the bank, but it remained hopeful that a buyer would be found.
The Co-op Bank, which is largely owned by its bondholders following its near collapse, has drawn interest from several bidders after it put itself up for sale in February.
Sources close to the process told Reuters that most bidders were interested in specific assets only as they saw little value in buying the whole group.
(Editing by Greg Mahlich and Alexander Smith)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
High-rise buildings are seen at the Shinjuku business district during sunset in Tokyo, Japan, March 7, 2017. Picture taken March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Japan had no bankruptcies among listed companies in the just-ended fiscal year for the first time in 26 years, a research firm said on Friday.
Tokyo Shoko Research, which tracks Japanese bankruptcies, credited to weaken yen, for helping boost corporate earnings, and the low interest rate policy that made borrowing cheaper.
"The environment for listed companies has improved since various measures were taken under Abenomics," said Masashi Seki, the firm's manager.
"Overall the environment for fund raising has got better," said Seki.
After Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took office in 2012, they introduced strong measures to seek to raise the value of assets and to end deflation.
In the year that ended in March 2009, when the economy was hit by the global financial crisis, 45 public firms went bankrupt, the research firm said.
The number was only one in the year ended March 2015, and two the following year, it added.
According to Tokyo Shoko, overall there were 8,684 bankruptcies in the year ended in March 2016 - mostly of small, privately-owned firms - and that number likely fell in the year that ended on Friday.
"The decline in the number of bankruptcies among smaller firms was led by strategic incentives such as rescheduling loan-payment deadlines," said Seki.
(Reporting by Junko Fujita; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
In the 22 months since “Baahubali: The Beginning” hit theatres, the story might have faded from our minds but the spectacle that unfolded on screen remains seared in the memory of viewers. S. S. Rajamouli makes sure that when we return to their imaginary world, we never stop gasping till the end credits roll.
In “Baahubali 2: The Conclusion”, marauding elephants, an invincible but kind-hearted king and their unconditional devotion to their mother all come together in the first five minutes, perfectly setting the stage for the next three hours of the epic.
While Rajamouli does apply the brakes on this juggernaut from time to time, the film has enough speed to propel it towards a high-octane climax, where our hero Mahendra Baahubali (Prabhas) meets their nemesis Bhallaladeva, the evil king who is responsible for their father's death.
“Baahubali 2” takes off where we last left it. Katappa, trusted lieutenant of the Mahishmati kingdom and the subject of a thousand memes, tells the story of Amarendra Baahubali to their son, Mahendra.
Prince Bhallaladeva (Rana Daggubati) is seized with jealousy because their mother, Queen Sivagami (Ramya Krishnan) would rather make their cousin Amarendra their successor. To make matters worse, the princess Bhallaladeva wants as their wife would rather marry Amarendra.
But when Amarendra and princess Devasena (Anushka Shetty) announce their intention to marry, the queen, egged on by their son and husband Bijjaladeva (Nassar), considers the union an act of defiance and turns them against their choice for king.
Rajamouli takes a while to actually get to the conflict, spending almost half of the movie's runtime setting up the romance between the outspoken warrior princess and the smitten prince. But the action never stops. Amarendra eyes Devasena over hunting trips and while they demolish entire armies together. They fall for them after they save their kingdom from an attack.
Rajamouli and writer K. V. Vijayendra Prasad (the director's father) keep the story linear and simple, letting the spectacle of rampaging armies, massive kingdoms and fight sequences between the two leading men do the talking.
The VFX, a huge draw in a film like this, might not be up to Hollywood standards, but Rajamouli and their team manage to make this world look imposing and impressive.
In fact, if it wasn't for the special effects, the film would probably go down as campy and often over-the-top where the actors arch their eyebrows at every opportunity and warriors use palm trees as weapons of war.
It is because Rajamouli never lets up in their attempt to deliver a spectacle that has to be enjoyed in theatres that “Baahubali 2: The Conclusion” is a worthy conclusion to this epic series. It may not up the ante from the last film, but it doesn't let up on the pace either. For an Indian film, that is no mean feat.
KIGALI, April 3 Rwandan brewer Bralirwa said on Monday its pretax profit fell 68 percent to 2.67 billion francs ($3.20 million) down from 8.25 billion francs in 2015, as its costs of sales rose.
It said in a statement total revenue rose 6 percent to 88.8 billion francs, while cost of sales went up to 63.1 billion francs from 57.91 billion francs.
Bralirwa is Rwanda's oldest brewery with rights to produce brands such as Amstel. It also produces branded soft drinks such as Coca-Cola.
Its earnings per share fell to 1.36 francs in 2016 from 6.91 francs a year earlier. ($1 = 830.0300 Rwandan francs) (Reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana; editing by George Obulutsa and Jane Merriman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 9 Spaniard Maverick Vinales continued their perfect start to the MotoGP season on Sunday with a victory in Argentina after compatriot and reigning champion Marc Marquez crashed while leading from pole.
The 22-year-old Vinales, who switched from Suzuki at the end of last year, became the first Yamaha rider since U.S. great Wayne Rainey in 1990 to win the first two races of a season in the premier class.
Italian Valentino Rossi celebrated becoming the first rider to make 350 grand prix starts across all categories by finishing second behind their teammate, 2.915 seconds behind, at the Termas de Rio Hondo circuit.
Britain's Cal Crutchlow took third place for the non-works LCR Honda outfit after having to slow down and save fuel in the closing stages.
Vinales, who won the season-opener in Qatar last month, had started sixth on the grid but was up to third by the end of the first lap. They passed Crutchlow for second on lap three and then took the lead a lap later when Marquez fell at turn two.
Vinales has 50 points from two races with 38-year-old Rossi second and on 36. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Clare Fallon)
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga called on Sunday for a strike to support their claim to the presidency and accused the ruling party of "spilling the blood of innocent people" as they brushed off growing pressure to concede election defeat.
The election commission on Friday declared President Uhuru Kenyatta the winner of the presidential poll by 1.4 million votes. International observers said Tuesday's vote was largely fair and a parallel tally by domestic monitors supported the outcome.
But Odinga's NASA coalition says the whole vote was rigged, and that Kenyatta's ruling Jubilee party has conspired with security forces to crush dissent.
Odinga doubled down on their attacks in a speech to 4,000 cheering supporters in Kibera, Nairobi's biggest slum.
"Jubilee have spilt the blood of innocent people. Tomorrow there is no work," Odinga told the crowd, which chanted back "Uhuru must go". They promised to announce a new strategy on Tuesday.
Senator James Orengo, one of Odinga's chief supporters, said the opposition would call for demonstrations.
"When we people call you to action, peaceful action, don't stay behind," they told the crowd. They also called for a boycott of Nation television and newspapers, Kenya's largest independent media group, over their coverage of the disputed elections.
The rally, Odinga's first public appearance since Thursday, made clear they have no plans to renounce their claims of victory despite calls from the international community for them to concede.
Police and protesters clashed repeatedly in Nairobi's slums on Saturday. Presidential spokesperson Manoah Esipisu laid the blame at Odinga's door.
Related Coverage Kenyan opposition leader Odinga calls on supporters not to go to work
"The violent protests are unlawful," they said in a statement. "The police will not tolerate breaches of the peace. Instead they will protect the lives and property of Kenyans, and they will restore law and order."
DEATHS
After Kibera, Odinga went to Mathare, another Nairobi slum, to see the family of an eight-year-old girl killed, according to a witness, by a stray police bullet. Police have confirmed the death and said they are investigating.
As Odinga left Mathare, police fired tear gas to disperse hundreds of their supporters, who had climbed trees and rooftops to get a glimpse of their hero.
Reuters reporters have seen police repeatedly fire tear gas and live rounds to disperse crowds of people in slums. Police have also detained and attacked journalists.
A woman cries as they stand behind police officers during clashes between supporter of opposition leader Raila Odinga and police officers in Kibera slum in Nairobi. Goran Tomasevic
At least 24 people have been killed in election-related unrest so far, a rights group said on Saturday, including the girl in Mathare. The Kenya Red Cross said on Saturday it had treated 93 injured people.
Sunday was largely peaceful, to the relief of Kenyans who fear a repeat of the ethnic carnage that followed 2007's disputed vote.
Around 1,200 people were killed then and 600,000 displaced. Regional trade was also paralysed and Kenya's economy - the region's biggest - took years to recover.
Some Odinga supporters are convinced that victory was stolen from them in the 2007 and 2013 polls, both marred by irregularities and problems. Odinga contested both, and lost, and their supporters say they will not back down this time.
"We are sick and tired of these people stealing the country from us. We need to split this country in two," said David Orwa, 44, hinting at the ethnic rifts that lie beneath the surface of the nation of 45 million.
Slideshow (7 Images)
Odinga is a Luo, an ethnic group from the west that has long felt neglected by central government and excluded from power. Kenyatta is a Kikuyu, a tribe that has provided three out of Kenya's four presidents since it gained independence from Britain in 1963.
NO POWER-SHARING DEALS
Diplomats and regional leaders are presenting a united stance in urging Odinga, a former political prisoner, to concede.
"I want to congratulate Uhuru Kenyatta," Federica Mogherini, foreign minister for the European Union, which did over $3 billion worth of trade with Kenya last year, said.
"In line with the African Union, the EU expects the opposition to respect the results and to use legal means available for appeals and complaints."
A Western diplomat said the international community was not interested in revisiting a power-sharing deal to end the unrest and stalemate, as happened a decade ago. That avenue was "not an option", the diplomat said.
"If you have evidence that the election was rigged, produce it," they said.
"Most of the stuff NASA are alleging is not accurate."
Initially, the coalition charged the electoral server had been hacked, and produced 50 pages of computer logs that security experts said were inconclusive at best.
They later said a secret source within the electoral board had passed them the true election results. That two-page document was debunked by the election commission, which pointed out basic mathematical errors.
April 28 Vectren Utility Holdings Inc:
* Vectren Utility Holdings Inc -on April 27, Indiana Court Of Appeals denied co's appeal of its March 2016 order from indiana utility regulatory commission
* Vectren Utility Holdings -March 2016 order specifically related to recovery of about $80 million of projects as part of a 7-year plan
* Vectren Utility Holdings says evaluating its options related to court's finding concerning plan update issue Source text - bit.ly/2oUq68K Further company coverage:
April 2 (Gracenote) - Scores from the U.S. PGA Tour Houston Open at the par-72 course on Sunday in Humble, Texas -20 Russell Henley (U.S.) 67 67 69 65 -17 Kang Sung-Hoon (Korea) 65 63 71 72 -16 Rickie Fowler (U.S.) 64 71 67 70 Luke List (U.S.) 68 71 65 68 -13 Daniel Berger (U.S.) 70 67 71 67 -12 Hudson Swafford (U.S.) 67 67 75 67 -11 Rafael Campos (Puerto Rico) 69 71 68 69 -10 Kyle Stanley (U.S.) 66 71 71 70 Zachary Blair (U.S.) 69 67 75 67 -9 Andrew Loupe (U.S.) 68 70 72 69 Jon Rahm (Spain) 71 72 69 67 -8 Michael Thompson (U.S.) 70 73 69 68 Jason Dufner (U.S.) 68 69 73 70 Michael Kim (U.S.) 70 70 70 70 -7 Justin Rose (Britain) 67 71 73 70 Andy Sullivan (Britain) 68 76 67 70 Jhonattan Vegas (Venezuela) 66 74 70 71 Keegan Bradley (U.S.) 67 71 76 67 Aaron Baddeley (Australia) 68 68 73 72 -6 Danny Lee (New Zealand) 69 69 72 72 Sam Saunders (U.S.) 71 73 69 69 Robert Garrigus (U.S.) 68 73 71 70 -5 D.A. Points (U.S.) 68 71 74 70 Peter Uihlein (U.S.) 71 71 72 69 Stewart Cink (U.S.) 66 71 73 73 Mackenzie Hughes (Canada) 72 70 73 68 Andres Gonzales (U.S.) 75 67 75 66 Geoff Ogilvy (Australia) 68 74 72 69 Spencer Levin (U.S.) 70 71 74 68 Bernd Wiesberger (Austria) 70 71 72 70 Vaughn Taylor (U.S.) 67 74 75 67 Charley Hoffman (U.S.) 71 72 69 71 Harold Varner III (U.S.) 68 73 71 71 -4 Ryan Blaum (U.S.) 68 74 74 68 Chad Campbell (U.S.) 71 71 74 68 Tony Finau (U.S.) 71 73 72 68 Robert Streb (U.S.) 77 65 73 69 Angel Cabrera (Argentina) 69 69 76 70 -3 Beau Hossler (U.S.) 70 71 74 70 Patrick Cantlay (U.S.) 70 73 71 71 John Huh (U.S.) 70 71 75 69 Morgan Hoffmann (U.S.) 71 73 71 70 Charles Howell III (U.S.) 70 71 72 72 -2 Nick Taylor (Canada) 69 71 74 72 Blayne Barber (U.S.) 72 72 72 70 Bryson DeChambeau (U.S.) 71 68 78 69 J.J. Spaun (U.S.) 69 72 75 70 Kevin Chappell (U.S.) 72 71 68 75 -1 Matt Jones (Australia) 70 72 73 72 Johnson Wagner (U.S.) 69 70 78 70 Sean O'Hair (U.S.) 70 74 73 70 Chris Wood (Britain) 73 70 71 73 James Hahn (U.S.) 70 73 74 70 Kevin Streelman (U.S.) 68 76 71 72 0 Phil Mickelson (U.S.) 72 72 74 70 Grayson Murray (U.S.) 68 75 75 70 Billy Horschel (U.S.) 68 73 72 75 J.T. Poston (U.S.) 70 71 70 77 Troy Merritt (U.S.) 67 75 73 73 Tyrone Van Aswegen (South Africa) 69 73 75 71 1 J.J. Henry (U.S.) 71 71 75 72 Kyle Reifers (U.S.) 71 71 77 70 Davis Love III (U.S.) 71 72 76 70 Harris English (U.S.) 69 72 78 70 2 Matt Every (U.S.) 69 72 77 72 Cody Gribble (U.S.) 75 69 74 72 Tom Hoge (U.S.) 67 72 74 77 3 Ben Crane (U.S.) 72 72 75 72 4 Bryce Molder (U.S.) 68 75 75 74 Luke Donald (Britain) 71 71 76 74
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
- Royal Mail Plc and its main trade union have declared industrial peace with an agreement to cut working hours, a two-and-a-half-year pay settlement worth 12 percent and a groundbreaking new pension arrangement. bit.ly/2DWA716
- SIG Plc is attempting to strip several staff of their bonuses after revealing that its profits had been overstated by 6.6 million pounds over multiple years. bit.ly/2E5iqeL
The Guardian
- The UK's food regulators are launching a nationwide review of all meat cutting plants in the wake of "serious incidents" at 2 Sisters Food Group and Russell Hume. bit.ly/2E9l2Zg
- The former BHS boss Dominic Chappell has been issued with a formal demand for about 10 million pounds ($14.26 million)relating to the pension scheme of the collapsed department store chain. bit.ly/2DUhURs
The Telegraph
- Medopad, a UK healthcare startup, is planning to raise $120 million in what would be one of the largest early-stage funding rounds for a British company. bit.ly/2BO3Jrb
- Array BioPharma on Thursday sued AstraZeneca Plc , accusing the pharmaceutical company of refusing to pay required royalties for a cancer drug after entering into an $8.5 billion collaboration with Merck & Co Inc. bit.ly/2E8VKdO
Sky News
- The struggling doorstep lender Provident Financial Plc will take the unusual step on Friday of moving its acting chairperson into the role of permanent chief executive. bit.ly/2FytApB
- Luke Johnson, one of Britain's most successful entrepreneurs, has hoisted a "for sale" sign over Neilson Active Holidays, the leisure business they acquired five years ago. bit.ly/2FBfsfa
The Independent
- Morrisons is to axe 1,500 shop floor workers as it becomes the latest supermarket to announce large-scale job cuts. ind.pn/2nuANk2
- Less than a week after Primera Air abruptly cancelled its planned flights from Birmingham to Boston, the airline has announced a new link from Stansted to Washington D.C. ind.pn/2GE58UT
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
BRUSSELS, March 29 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
-- Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange to merge (blocked March 29)
NEW LISTINGS
None
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
None
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
MARCH 29
-- Buyout firm Lone Star to acquire German building materials maker Xella from private equity firm PAI Partners and funds managed by Goldman Sachs' investment arm (notified Feb. 22/deadline March 29)
MARCH 31
-- German synthetic rubber maker Lanxess AG to acquire U.S. specialty chemical company Chemtura (notified Feb. 24/deadline March 31)
APRIL 4
-- U.S. computer and printer maker Hewlett Packard to acquire South Korean group Samsung Electronics' printer business (notified Feb. 28/deadline April 4)
APRIL 7
-- Engie Group French banking group BPCE to acquire a 49.9 percent stake in renewable energy companies LCS 4 and LCS (notified March 3/deadline April 7/simplified)
-- Twenty-First Century Fox to acquire the rest of European pay-TV company Sky it does not own (notified March 3/deadline April 7)
APRIL 10
-- French real estate asset management company Amundi Immobilier, which is part of French bank Credit Agricole , and French social protection services provider Malakoff Mederic to acquire joint control of German property developer TAS Kapstadtring (notified March 6/deadline April 10/simplified)
-- UK property developer Segro and Canada's Public Sector Pension Investment Board to jointly acquire three logistics operations in Italy (notified March 6/deadline April 10/simplified)
-- Danish container shipping company Maersk to acquire German peer Hamburg Sud (notified Feb. 20/deadline extended to April 10 from March 27 after commitments submitted)
APRIL 11
-- Private equity firm Partners Group to acquire European operator of clinical pathology laboratory operator Cerba Healthcare from PAI Partners (notified March 7/deadline April 11/simplified)
APRIL 12
-- U.S. aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins to acquire aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace (notified March 8/deadline April 12)
-- U.S. car part supplier Lear to acquire Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business (notified March 8/deadline April 12/simplified)
-- Dutch insurer NN Group to acquire Dutch rival Group Delta Lloyd (notified Feb. 22/deadline extended to April 12 from March 29 after the Dutch competition regulator asked to examine the deal)
-- Chinese state-owned company China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina) to acquire Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta (notified Sept. 23/deadline extended to April 12)
APRIL 18
-- Megatrend European Holdings, which is part of property investment company TH Real Estate, and German insurer Allianz to jointly acquire Finnish company NRF which owns Helsinki-based Kamppi Shopping Centre (notified March 9/deadline April 18)
-- German cement producers Heidelbergcement and Schwenk to jointly acquire Mexican peer Cemex's Croatian unit (notified Sept. 5/deadline extended to April 18 from March 23)
APRIL 19
-- Private equity firm Advent International to acquire biometrics and security business Morpho from French aerospace group Safran (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
-- Private equity firm 3i, Dutch asset manager APG and Danish pension fund ATP to acquire a portfolio of European infrastructure companies from EISER (notified March 10/April 19/simplified)
-- Britain's Rolls-Royce to acquire the remaining 53.1 percent stake in Spanish aircraft engine and components maker Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP) (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
APRIL 21
-- French utility Engie to acquire UK property developer Keepmoat Regeneration HOldings (notified March 14/deadline April 21/simplified)
APRIL 24
-- French media company Bollore to acquire control of French company Vivendi (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- France's Group Credit Mutuel and French bank BNP Paribas to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- Bollore Energy, which is part of French group Bollore , and Total Marketing France, which is part of French energy company Total, to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24/simplified)
APRIL 25
-- Private equity firm CVC to acquire Polish retailer Zabka Polska (notified March 16/deadline April 25/simplified)
APRIL 26
-- Investment company Ardian to acquire the majority of France's Prosol, an operator of Grand Frais grocery stores (notified March 17/deadline April 26/simplified)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom AVGO.O to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline April 26)
-- Swiss pharmaceutical supplier Lonza Group to acquire U.S. capsule maker Capsugel from private equity firm KKE & Co LP (notified March 17/deadline April 26)
MAY 2
-- Italian energy company Duferco Energia to acquire a business unit from Italian electricity company Energhe S.p.A. (notified March 22/deadline May 2/simplified)
MAY 4
-- Private investment firm KKR & Co. to acquire travel company Travelopia Holdings Ltd and Travelopia USA Inc. (notified March 24/ deadline May 4/simplified)
MAY 5
-- Japan's Panasonic Corporation to acquire Spanish auto parts maker Ficosa International (notified March 27/deadline May 5)
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 8
-- Swiss car importer Emil Frey France to acquire French car parts distributor PGA Group SAS from German carmaker Volkswagen Group (notified March 28/deadline May 8/simplified)
MAY 12
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, poses before an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, poses prior to an interview on the prime time evening news broadcast of French TV channel TF1, in Boulogne-Billancourt, near Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS Far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen said on Tuesday they were better placed than their rival, centrist Emmanuel Macron, to defend France's interests in what they called the "new world" of U.S. President Donald Trump and Russia's Vladimir Putin.
Le Pen, who rails against "uncontrolled globalisation", hopes to channel the same nationalist, anti-establishment sentiment that propelled Trump to the White House and spurred Britain's vote to leave the European Union, and become the first woman to lead France.
They bill Macron, a pro-European Union former investment banker, as a stooge of banks and the elite.
READ: Macron and Le Pen to square off in French pre-election TV debate
"I think I'm best placed to talk to this new world that's emerging, to talk to the Russia of Putin, to the United States of Trump, to talk to the Britain of (Prime Minister Theresa) May ... to talk to the India of (Prime Minister Narendra) Modi," they said in an interview.
They said that was "because all of those countries are more or less turning their backs on the ideology of free trade, of competition and of undermining social protection.
READ: Generation Macron - Young liberal EU leaders rally behind French 'Kennedy'
"So I feel much more in line with their political philosophy than with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel's," they told Reuters, speaking at their campaign headquarters.
Behind them stood the French national flag and a poster with the slogan "Choosing France".
Despite the Brexit vote, Britain says it remains a defender of free trade. Trump has said they want trade deals to work for the United States.
ANTI-ESTABLISHMENT
Le Pen goes into Sunday's decisive run-off the clear underdog, according to opinion polls. While their policies of economic nationalism and stinging anti-EU rhetoric strike a chord among workers in low-income areas, they struggle for support in France's main cities.
Macron calls them a demagogue and a heiress raised in a chateau, with no experience outside far-right politics.
The winner of the second round will lead a core member of the European Union and the NATO alliance, a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, and the euro zone's second largest economy.
Asked what they thought of the hurdles Trump had faced in their first 100 days in office, including their failure to push a repeal and replacement of Obamacare through Congress, a core campaign promise, they said:
"It shows the establishment exists and is trying to fight against the democratic result of the people. You can see that a part of the system is uniting to stop Donald Trump from putting in place the measures which were chosen by the people."
Asked about Trump's boast in a 2005 video about grabbing women by the genitals, they said: "It's true their comments were worthy of criticism but they were private comments ... what's most important is the policies they implement."
"I don't think that he's implementing policies which aim to roll back the rights of women," they added.
(Writing by Ingrid Melander; editing by Richard Lough)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
April 19 Nexpoint Credit Strategies Fund
* Nexpoint Credit Strategies fund announces rights offering and extension of share repurchase program
* Record date shareholders will receive one right for each common share held on record date
* Rights will entitle record date shareholders to purchase one new share of common stock for every three rights held Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic State on Sunday claimed an attack on U.S. forces assisting Iraqi troops in the war on the jihadist militants in northern Iraq.
Islamic State fighters fired Grad rockets on American troops east of Tal Afar, a town still under control of the militants west of Mosul, according to an online statement from the group.
The American military had said earlier that two U.S. service members had been killed and five injured during combat operations in northern Iraq on Sunday.
Islamic State's self-proclaimed "caliphate" effectively collapsed last month, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces completed the recapture of Mosul, the militants' capital in Iraq, after a nine-month campaign.
FILE PHOTO: A protester holds up a anti-racism sign as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, U.S., July 28, 2016. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/File Photo
WASHINGTON Tiffany Cartagena said they were eating with their mixed-race girlfriend at a restaurant in Ohio last month when they heard nearby diners remark about the "monkey" at the next table.
Denver resident Gwendolyn Mami, an African-American, was on a January flight when another passenger proclaimed President Donald Trump's proposed border wall would stem the flow of "those people", they recalled. Allen Dees, a white Louisiana house painter, said two black men hurled racial slurs at them in March and told them to get out of their neighbourhood.
As Trump nears their 100th day in the White House after a campaign punctuated by their inflammatory comments about Muslims and immigrants, a number of Americans say U.S. race relations are deteriorating, according to a new Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll.
The poll, taken from March 28 to April 3, asked more than 2,800 adults to rate the danger of racism and bigotry in America. About 36 percent gave it the worst rating possible, saying they considered racism and bigotry an "imminent threat" to the country. That is up a few points from the 29 percent who answered the same way two years ago. (For a graphic on poll results see tmsnrt.rs/2oQAD54)
The White House did not respond to a request for comment on the poll results.
A majority of the nearly two dozen poll respondents reached by Reuters, including Cartagena, Mami and Dees, said they have recently sensed an unsettling rise in racial hostility - or at least a greater willingness by some Americans to express it.
"I've seen a lot of people become more bold with their hatred and discrimination," said Cartagena, 29, who is white. A truck dispatcher in Youngstown and an unaffiliated voter, they cast a write-in vote for Senator Bernie Sanders for president in November.
Not everyone sees a shift. While about one in four Americans surveyed in the Reuters-Ipsos poll said "people in my community get along worse than before," a majority said they had not noticed much change.
"People are always squabbling about things. It's about the same as it was before," said Miriam Vroman, 84, a retired hospital supply worker in West Valley City, Utah, who voted for Trump.
Democrats surveyed in the poll were more negative about the perceived threat from racism and bigotry than Republicans.
Still, respondents from both major parties appeared to be more concerned about racism than two years ago as racial, ethnic and religious tensions have flared across the country.
A spate of highly publicized police shootings of African Americans has strained community bonds. So have deadly mass killings in Orlando and San Bernardino, California, by assailants inspired at least in part by Islamic extremist groups.
Some Trump critics say they stoked the enmity with their incendiary campaign rhetoric, including vows to ban Muslim visitors and deport millions of undocumented immigrants.
Civil rights groups including the Southern Poverty Law Center and Anti-Defamation League reported a sharp uptick in incidents targeting minorities after Trump's election.
Trump has made efforts to close the divide. In a post-election television interview in November they said they were saddened by acts of bigotry done in their name and called on perpetrators to "stop it."
As president, they invited the Congressional Black Caucus and heads of historically black colleges to the White House. They also condemned anti-Semitic violence.
'I CAN BE TERRIBLE'
Still, some say the damage is done, and that Trump has emboldened some people to act on their darker impulses.
"People look to emulate the president. So they think 'if they can be terrible, I can be terrible'," said Sarah Riffel, 24, a white law-school student in Houston who voted for Clinton.
Several poll respondents expressed growing unease about race and civility, even if they had not directly experienced or seen racist acts.
"People talk to me differently since the election, I get different looks, different comments," said Clifton McMillan Jr., 31, a black food delivery worker in Helena, Alabama. "A lot of people are on edge."
Mami, the airline passenger, says she's become more guarded in public in recent months. "People feel there is no need to be politically correct anymore," said Mami, 64, a higher-education administrator.
It's not just minorities who say they're feeling unnerved. Dees, the painting contractor from Many, Louisiana, a town of about 2,700 people, said they sensed rising anger among black residents after Trump's unexpected victory.
"You can just feel the tension building, like something is fixing to come to a head," said Dees, 46, who did not vote in the November election. "There is more of a hatred toward white people."
The poll found 46 percent of Democrats surveyed said racism and bigotry pose an imminent threat to the country, up from 35 percent two years ago. That figure was sharply lower for Republicans: 27 percent now compared to 24 percent in 2015.
The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states. Respondents answered a series of questions, including one asking them to rate their concern about racism and bigotry on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 meaning "no threat" and 5 meaning "imminent threat."
The poll gathered responses from 1,268 Democrats and 1,008 Republicans. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 2 percentage points for the entire group, 3 points for Democrats and 4 points for Republicans.
(Additional reporting by Chris Kahn in New York; Editing by Jason Szep and Marla Dickerson)
April 3 Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp :
* Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp reports financial results for the fourth quarter and twelve months ended Dec. 31, 2016
* Qtrly loss per share $0.29
* Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp qtrly vessel revenue, net $10.9 million versus $6.8 million
* Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp qtrly fleet utilization 82.6 percent versus 73 percent in Q4 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Oil tanks are seen at a Sinopec plant in Hefei, Anhui province, May 31, 2009. REUTERS/Jianan Yu/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Oil tankers Qi Lin Zuo of China and Sti-Matador (L) stand attached to mooring stations near a refinery in Bayonne, New Jersey August 24, 2011. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
SINGAPORE China's largest crude oil buyer Sinopec aims to ship more cargoes from Brazil, the United States and Canada, to help ensure stable crude supplies as the Middle East boosts refining capacity and Africa suffers disruptions.
Shipments from the Americas hit an all-time high in March, boosting the region's share of the Chinese market by 1.1 percentage points in the first quarter to close to 14 percent, data from Thomson Reuters Oil Research & Forecasts showed.
"We're facing a big challenge on the supply side," said Chen Bo, president at Unipec, which purchases crude for Asia's largest refiner Sinopec (0386.HK)(600028.SS).
Asia needed to step up crude imports from the "new frontier", the greater U.S. Gulf Coast region made up of the United States, Canada and Latin America, to meet its growing demand, they told a seminar this week.
China is on track to overtake the United States as the world's largest oil consumer this year, Chen added.
China will add just under 2 million barrels per day (bpd) of refining capacity between 2016 and 2020, taking its total capacity to nearly 12.5 million bpd by the end of this decade.
Also, by end-2018, the total crude import quota for independent refineries will grow to 2 million bpd, about 500,000 bpd more than March 2017 as government approvals flow through, they said.
SUPPLY DIVERSITY
Asia, which will account for a third of the world's refining capacity by 2020, will have to look beyond traditional markets Middle East and Africa for crude supplies, Chen said.
Security of supply and the optimization of supply were vital for Unipec.
"If every consumer goes to the Middle East and Africa we don't know what will happen to the market. So we have to diversify," they said.
China's crude imports from the Americas, led by Brazil, Venezuela and Colombia, hit 5.61 million tonnes (1.3 million bpd) in March, the highest in Reuters' data going back to 2006.
In the same month, China's crude oil deficit came in at a hefty 15 million tonnes, after touching a record 19 million in December 2016, as domestic production shrank while imports surged, customs data showed.
"Record imports are being driven by falling production, higher refinery runs, huge infrastructure and Strategic Petroleum Reserve builds," said Virendra Chauhan of consultancy Energy Aspects. The agency expects Asia's crude imports, led by China, to rise by 900,000 bpd on the year in 2017.
A preference for low-sulphur oil produced in the Americas by China's private refineries, or so-called "teapots", helped boost imports from the region, while increasing U.S. shale output and production cuts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries have made it economical for traders to send huge volumes of crude from west to east.
Next month, China will import its first Southern Green Canyon and Thunderhorse crude from the United States.
Brazil overtook Venezuela as the top South American crude supplier to China in the first two months of this year due to its favored medium-heavy quality grades, while China became the No. 3 destination for U.S. crude exports in 2016. [O/CHINA1]
The Americas has the potential to become a "global trading hub" in the next decade, Chen said.
(Reporting by Florence Tan; Additional reporting by Meng Meng and Chen Aizhu in BEIJING; Editing by Richard Pullin and Clarence Fernandez)
April 28 Assets at the Exchange Fund, which are used to back the Hong Kong dollar, totalled HK$3,764.8 billion ($483.95 billion) at the end of March, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) said on Friday.
The figure was HK$60.2 billion lower than the total at the end of February, with foreign currency assets increasing by HK$18.0 billion and Hong Kong dollar assets down by HK$78.2 billion, the city's de facto central bank said in a statement.
The HKMA said the rise in foreign currency assets was mainly due to the purchase of foreign currencies with Hong Kong dollars. The decline in Hong Kong dollar assets was mainly due to the decrease in Exchange Fund Bills and Notes issued but not yet settled and sale of Hong Kong dollars for foreign currencies.
($1 = 7.7793 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Twinnie Siu in HONG KONG; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
FILE PHOTO -- Automobiles are shown for sale at a car dealership in Carlsbad, California, U.S. May 2, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
DETROIT Car dealers on Wednesday added to concerns about the state of the U.S. auto industry and how tough any downturn might be if its six-year recovery has ended.
In a conference call with media and analysts, officials of the National Automobile Dealers Association said they expected sales of cars and light trucks in the United States to dip to 17.1 million vehicles this year, high by historical standards but below 2016's record 17.55 million vehicles.
The NADA call came just two days after disappointing industry figures for March that showed an annualized sales rate of around 16.6 million units.
NADA chairperson Mark Scarpelli, an Illinois car dealer, echoed concerns of some Wall Street analysts that values for used sedans were dropping as more vehicles were turned in when leases ended.
"It's a big number," Scarpelli said, referring to the numbers of leased cars headed to used car lots. "But it's not an insurmountable number." Falling values for these used cars are a problem for carmakers and their finance companies, not dealers, Scarpelli said, because auto retailers can return the cars to the banks or manufacturers.
Wholesale car auction company Manheim predicts 3.6 million vehicles will come off lease in 2017 followed by 4.1 million in 2018. If historical patterns hold up, around 4.3 million cars will come off lease in 2019.
"Off-lease returns still remain the wild card," said Pete DeLongchamps, vice president of manufacturer relations at auto retail chain Group 1 Automotive Inc (GPI.N).
Investors are also watching rising interest rates, inventories of unsold vehicles and the generosity of profit-eroding discounts that automakers are offering to close deals. Those indicators are largely negative.
According to Cox Automotive data, consumer discounts were up 14.6 percent on the year in March. In their sales forecasts in the last two months, automotive consultancy firms J.D. Power and LMC have said discounts hit levels not seen since the recession in 2009.
Signs that the auto cycle is at its peak have weighed on the shares of Detroit automakers, casting a shadow over an industry central to President Donald Trump's pledge to rebuild American manufacturing.
General Motors Co (GM.N) shares are down 1.6 percent for the year, lagging broader market indexes, and Ford Motor Co (F.N) shares are down nearly 7 percent. Shares in Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCHA.MI) (FCAU.N) are up nearly 11 percent, but the company's market value is just $12.3 billion - about a quarter the value of electric carmaker Tesla Inc (TSLA.O).
WIDE RANGE OF FORECASTS
Forecasts for U.S. auto demand range widely, underscoring industry uncertainty.
Ford stuck this week to a forecast that 2017 sales would rise to 17.7 million vehicles while the NADA and other forecasters expect them to hover around 17 million. Consultancy AlixPartners expects U.S. new vehicle sales to reach 17.5 million this year, but forecasts a drop to 16.6 million in 2018 and 15.2 million in 2019 before a slow recovery.
Industry executives point to solid consumer confidence, low interest rates, rising transaction prices and an old car fleet on America's roads, where the average vehicle is over 11 years old, as they give voice to guarded optimism.
If the U.S. auto market downshifted to a 16 million vehicle annualized pace for more than 45 days, that would be a concern, said GM's head of North American operations, Alan Batey.
“I don't think we are going to see it,” they said.
Wall Street will be watching to see how quickly automakers respond to slow sales and rising inventories heading into the summer months. One way to cut stocks of unsold cars is to extend traditional summer assembly plant shutdowns.
Mark Wakefield, head of AlixPartners' automotive practice in the Americas region, said car production already has come down, a sign that industry is showing more discipline than in past cycles.
"The real test comes when an (automaker) defects in a large way and starts going for share and volume and dropping prices dramatically," Wakefield said. "What do the others do and how does the market manage itself?"
(Reporting by Nick Carey; Editing by Tom Brown)
Baltic Exchange exploring new freight indexes for grains
LONDON, June 14 The Baltic Exchange is looking into launching freight indexes for grains and liquefied natural gas (LNG) as the London-run business targets new markets after its acquisition by Singapore Exchange last year, the Baltic's chief executive said.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
End
-- Wednesday May 17th, @ 12pm University of Phoenix Oakland 2100 Franklin St. Oakland, CA 94612.Complimentary lunch will be served. Call 800-900-5867 to make a reservation for you and a guest!Topics Include:* Strategies to maximize your Social Security benefits.* How benefits are calculated and simple strategies to increase them.* Why married couples could miss out on substantial benefits.* When is the best time to apply for Social Security?* Powerful strategies for single,widowed and divorced individuals.Vist us on the web at theretirementgroup.comNew York • Philadelphia • Washington DC • Boston • Tampa• St Louis Houston • San Antonio • Dallas • Chicago • San Francisco • Los AngelesSecurities offered through FSC Securities Corporation,member FINRA/SIPC. Investment advisory services offered through The Retirement Group LLC a registered investment advisor FSC Securities Corporation are unaffiliated companies. Office of Supervisory Jurisdiction:10675 Sorrento Valley Rd #100, San Diego CA 92121.*This is a complimentary service is neither approved nor endorsed by Kaiser Permanente. University of Phoenix is a trade name and registered trademark of the Apollo Education Group,INC. Any use licensee to identify the event location is not intended to imply affiliation with sponsorship or endorsement of the event by the University of Phoenix, Inc or Apollo Education Group, INC.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Yichang Hec Changjiang Pharmaceutical Co Ltd:
* ‍EXPECTED THAT GROUP WILL RECORD A NO LESS THAN 70 PCT INCREASE IN ITS PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE FOR FY​
* EXPECTED RESULT DUE TO SIGNIFICANT INCREASE IN SALES VOLUME OF COMPANY‘S KEY PRODUCT KEWEI Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
JERUSALEM, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Sunday they hoped the violent protests by Palestinians against U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital were coming to an end.
“Our hope is that everything is calming down and that we are returning to a path of normal life without riots and without violence,” Lieberman told an interviewer on Army Radio.
Violence erupted for a third day in Gaza in response to Trump's announcement on Wednesday in which they overturned decades of U.S. policy towards the Middle East, and Israeli air strikes killed two Palestinian gunmen on Saturday after militants fired rockets from the enclave into Israel on Friday. (Writing by Ori Lewis; Editing by Nick Macfie)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Global Grind
Comedian Godfrey went in on Dagostino's Grocery store in NYC for following them around and suspecting them of stealing, when it was actually a customer that they never suspected.
Has something like this ever happened to you? Hit us on Twitter and Facebook to share your story.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
The moment Dorothy Watson saw their son trying desperately to free their dying eldest boy from their crushed vehicle will haunt the Te Puke grandmother forever.
Paruhi Watson, 23, was driving home to their Manoeka Rd family homestead just after 6pm on Sunday when their car struck a lamp post and crashed into a tree.
Mr Watson was trapped inside the vehicle on Jellicoe St and died soon after.
Their first cousin and front-seat passenger, whose name has been withheld at the request of their family, is in a serious but stable condition in Tauranga Hospital. They have begun talking but has no recollection of the crash.
Advertisement
Mrs Watson said they and their son Mackie Watson Junior came across the crashed vehicle before emergency services got there, as they headed home from a shopping trip.
"We must have been right behind them and didn't know it until my son recognised the car and immediately jumped out and desperately tried to open the door to get to Paruhi.
"It was just awful and we still can't believe he's gone. It's been a huge shock, they were only 23. We will all miss Paruhi very much," they said.
Paruhi's aunt Rutu Watson said their nephew had just moved back to Te Puke from Australia with their wife Jade and their two preschoolers.
Paruhi had just begun to re-establish themselves in the area, and Rutu Watson said the couple planned to build a new home.
Rutu Watson, who flew home from Western Australia on Saturday, said the family were close-knit and everyone had taken Paruhi's death extremely hard.
"It was such a beautiful day on Sunday, and earlier in the day Paruhi had us all in fits as they helped their siblings and other family build a long-drop toilet on the homestead," they said.
They described their nephew as a "happy, loving, super family-focused" person.
"He was so cheeky, mischievous and a right character who often had us crying with laughter over some of the things they came out with," they said.
They loved going hunting and collecting kai with their brothers and cousins and also loved nothing better than sitting around trading jokes and funny stories with family.
Paruhi was the first of their generation in the family to die, and was being groomed to take over the mantle from their grandfather Mackie Watson Senior, a well respected Waitaha kaumatua, they said.
"In our family we don't just love, we love hard, and Paruhi's death has had a huge blow to our whole family," Rutu Watson said.
A post mortem was being undertaken in Rotorua yesterday.
Once Paruhi's body was released back to their family they would lie at Hei Marae - the family marae - and arrangements for their tangi were being finalised.
Head of Western Bay of Plenty road policing Senior Sergeant Ian Campion said the cause of the crash was still being investigated, and this was the sixth road fatality in the district this year.
Paruhi Watson
The Te Puke-born man would have celebrated their 24th birthday in November.
They attended Te Puke Primary and Karratha High School in Western Australia.
They previously worked in the oil, gas and iron ore industry in Australia for several years, before deciding to return to their roots about four months ago.
 They are survived by their widow Jade, and their son and daughter.
Their parents Awhina and Mackie Watson Junior, and their grandparents Dorothy and Mackie Watson Senior are well-known Te Puke identities.
FILE PHOTO: European Economic and Financial Affairs Commissioner Pierre Moscovici delivers a keynote speech ahead of an Austrian National Bank panel discussion in Vienna, Austria, February 16, 2017. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader/File Photo
WASHINGTON The euro zone needs its own budget, a fully-fledged banking union and more democratic accountability in its decision-making to reverse the economic divergence that is fuelling populist movements, European Economic Commissioner Pierre Moscovici said on Thursday.
Speaking three days before the first round of the French presidential election, with polls showing strong support for far-right and far-left candidates, Moscovici said Europeans were disappointed that the single currency project had not delivered more benefits.
"I am convinced that reversing socio-economic divergence in the euro zone is the prerequisite to ensuring the sustainability of our single currency – and to containing rising populism," Moscovici said in a speech at the Peterson Institute in Washington.
"I would further argue – and this is perhaps a provocative statement – that the incomplete governance of the euro zone has produced economic divergence rather than convergence between and within its members. And this divergence has in turn fueled populism, which has its roots in economic discontent.
Moscovici said economic indicators clearly pointed to growing divergence among euro zone economies as Italy's public debt was twice that of Germany, Germany's current account surplus was twice the euro zone average and German unemployment was half the euro zone average.
"With this economic divergence, policy preferences are also becoming more and more polarized," they said referring to the rise of populist parties across Europe.
To reverse this trend, the 19 countries sharing the euro needed to complete their banking union, in which banking risks would be reduced and shared among all countries and savers' money would be more secure, Moscovici said.
While work on the banking union has progressed by establishing a common banking supervisor for all euro zone banks and common bank resolution rules and a fund to finance that, the project is still missing a European-wide deposit guarantee plan.
Moscovici said a euro zone budget, called a "fiscal capacity", and strengthening the role of the European Parliament in decision making, now left only to euro zone finance ministers, was a key step.
While these elements alone will not be enough to contain populism, they will help, they said.
The European Union must also help protect its citizens, they said.
"I am talking here about security in its simplest form. Europe cannot provide all the answers to the issues raised by terrorist attacks on our soil, or the refugee crisis, but we can provide some of them," they said.
"And just as importantly, we must ensure that the benefits of globalization flow to all parts of society. Europeans feel vulnerable in a globalization process that does not distribute extra points of growth fairly."
(Reporting by Jan Strupczewski; Editing by Paul Simao)
May 3 AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc
* AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc announces proposed offering of $250 million of convertible senior notes due 2022
* AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc says notes will pay interest semiannually and will mature on june 1, 2022
* AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc -intends to use net proceeds from offering of notes together with cash on hand to repay approximately $320.8 million of borrowings
* AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc says may enter into privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of its existing 2.50% convertible senior notes due 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS, March 31 French nuclear regulator ASN on Friday published extracts of a decade's worth of correspondence in which it had warned about safety issues at Areva-owned nuclear foundry Creusot Forge.
Commercial production at the foundry has been halted since late 2016 after the ASN discovered manufacturing irregularities and forgery of tracking documentation. Two of state utility EDF's reactors have been halted for months following the discovery of problems with components manufactured by Creusot Forge.
In the first of several letters published by the ASN, a Dec. 12, 2005 letter to EDF highlights manufacturing irregularities at the foundry which the regulator said raised questions about the quality of its work. It also urged EDF to closely monitor safety rules there.
The publication follows a report by radio station France Inter which said EDF and its supplier Areva had allowed Creusot Forge to manufacture the base and cover for the reactor vessel in Flamanville, Normandy, despite the ASN's warnings.
Despite several more warnings in following years, Creusot Forge manufactured the parts, which were installed in the reactor in 2014. In 2015, Areva finally discovered that there was a problem with excessive carbon concentrations in the components. Such concentrations can weaken steel.
The ASN now needs to rule on whether the reactor - which is due to be completed late next year - could function safely despite these weak spots. The ASN on Friday said it would rule on the issue "this summer", pushing back an earlier deadline for a ruling by mid-2007.
(Reporting by Geert De Clercq; Editing by Andrew Callus)
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South Africa's new ministers and deputy ministers will be sworn in at 1600 GMT on Friday, President Jacob Zuma's office said.
Zuma announced a cabinet reshuffle late on Thursday, replacing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan with Malusi Gigaba along with various other ministers and their deputies.
(Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Writing by TJ Strydom; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
* CEO says investment strategy benefits from open markets
* CEO hopes for pragmatism in North America, Europe
* CEO hopes for more Canadian infrastructure opportunities
By Matt Scuffham
TORONTO, March 31 The Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, one of the world's biggest investors, is concerned about the rise of protectionist trade policies, its chief executive told business leaders in Toronto on Friday.
The CPPIB, which manages Canada's national pension fund and invests on behalf of 20 million Canadians, has become one of the world's biggest global infrastructure and real estate investors as it seeks to diversify from public equity and fixed income markets.
Chief Executive Mark Machin told the Toronto Region Board of Trade that the pension fund had benefited from globalisation and would suffer from policies that make international trade more difficult.
"We worry about it," Machin said. "Our investment strategy benefits from open markets. Open markets for investment, open markets for trade, open markets for people and impediments to that are not helpful."
U.S. President Donald Trump is planning to reform a trading agreement between the United States, Mexico and Canada while Britain has voted to leave the European Union and candidates with sceptial views of free trade are running in elections in France and Germany in 2017.
"You can understand some of the concerns that have led to these policies. Not everybody has been a beneficiary of globalisation," said Machin. "Ultimately I hope that pragmatism will reign in the end and we won't see too profound an impact, whether it's in Europe or North America, of these policies."
At the end of 2016, CPPIB had only 13 percent of its assets of over C$300 billion ($226 billion) invested in Canada.
About 44 percent of the investments were in the United States, with about 19 percent in Europe, around 19 percent in the Asia-Pacifc, and about 5 percent in South America and other regions.
Although CPPIB has grown to be one of the world's biggest infrastructure investors with assets worth C$27.6 billion, it has a relatively modest stake in infrastructure projects in its own country.
Machin said they hoped plans by Canada's Liberal government to set up an infrastructure bank to facilitate private financing for projects could lead to opportunities to invest in more large-scale projects in Canada.
"We're hoping that the initiatives the federal government is taking will lead to a better flow of sizeable opportunities," they said. "We focus on markets where there's a consistent flow of projects that are investable by institutional money. Canada's not had too many of those."
($1 = 1.3296 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by Richard Chang)
(Recasts with share performance, details of earnings, conference call)
São Paulo, April 28 Shares of GPA SA jumped to a 20-month high on Friday after Brazil's biggest retailer reported stronger profit margins at its struggling supermarkets but executives said the fruits of a nascent economic recovery are still to come.
GPA reported a swing to profit in the first quarter late on Thursday, bolstered by the strongest gross profit margin at its Multivarejo food retail division since late 2015.
A later Easter provided just a quarter of the 120-basis-point gross margin improvement from a year earlier, Multivarejo Vice President Luis Emilio Moreno Sanchez told analysts on an earnings call. They credited better inventory management and more effective promotions for the bulk of gains.
GPA shares extended their surge to more than 8 percent after the call, underscoring expectations that the company can sustain higher levels of profitability, especially as Brazil's economy recovers from its worst recession on record.
Chief Executive Ronaldo Iabrudi said GPA has seen little boost so far from the nascent economic recovery, adding that 2017 is still likely to be "very tough".
Iabrudi also said GPA has seen better-than-expected results from turning its Extra hypermarkets into Assai cash-and-carry stores and is accelerating investments in those conversions.
"We've said we aimed to do 15 of those conversions this year, but we really want to do as many as possible over the course of 2017," Iabrudi told analysts. (Reporting by Brad Haynes; Editing by Bernard Orr)
LONDON, April 6 Banks should speak up about the benefits of international financial standards if they want to maintain a level playing field, a global regulatory official said on Thursday.
U.S. President Donald Trump's call to scrap some banking rules has put the future of international rules into question, prompting warnings from the European Union not to undermine cross-border cooperation in regulation.
Svein Andresen, secretary general of the Financial Stability Board (FSB), which coordinates regulation for the Group of 20 economies (G20), urged financial firms on Thursday to show their support for global rules.
"Without international cooperation, or if international standards are not fully implemented, or set too low of a common bar, we risk fragmentation of the global system," Andresen said in a speech in Malta.
Without naming the United States, they said that if global rules were not fully applied or weakened, it could lead to national responses to shore up resilience.
This would erode the willingness of regulators to rely on each other, Andresen said in the starkest warning yet from a global regulatory body.
"To avoid the potential risk of fragmentation, it is important that the private sector speaks up about the risks, and continues to engage productively and proactively with the authorities and make a clear case for the benefits of effective international standards," Andresen said.
Trump's stance on regulation has already led to talk among bankers that international bodies like the FSB and the Basel Committee, which sets global bank capital rules, risk being sidelined without backing from the world's top capital market.
Work by the Basel Committee on finalising post-financial crisis banking rules has already been delayed to give Trump time to appoint a new top banking supervisor at the Federal Reserve.
Banks launched a vocal campaign against the finalisation of the rules, saying they represent a big increase in capital requirements, an outcome global regulators have dismissed. (Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Susan Thomas)
April 3 CHC Student Housing Corp
* CHC Student Housing announces termination of proposed business combination with Dundee Acquisition Ltd.
* CHC Student Housing - arrangement agreement with Dundee Acquisition in respect of proposed business combination between CHC, DAQ has been terminated
* CHC Student Housing - currently conducting review of strategic alternatives, will provide further details with respect to review as soon as it is able to Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
An Afghan refugee woman waits to be repatriated to Afghanistan, at the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) office on the outskirts of Peshawar, Pakistan April 3, 2017 . REUTERS/Fayaz Aziz
ISLAMABAD Pakistan resumed the repatriation of Afghan refugees on Monday, sending nearly 1,200 people back across the heavily guarded northern Torkham border, an official at the United Nation's refugee body said.
Pakistan is home to the world's second largest refugee population, with a total of 2.5 million Afghans living there. Many have been in Pakistan since the Soviet invasion in 1979.
Relations between the two countries have deteriorated significantly in recent years. Kabul and Islamabad blame each other for terrorist attacks on either side of the border.
After a series of attacks in Pakistan left more than 130 people dead in February, Islamabad shut down its border crossings with Afghanistan and began planning to build a fence along the 2,500 km (1,500 mile) border.
Human Rights Watch has accused the U.N. of allowing Pakistan to forcibly evict Afghan refugees in violation of international law. Rights activists say they expect little change this year in either Pakistani policies or the inability of the Afghan government and aid groups to support the tide.
Pakistan denies systematic harassment of the refugees by its authorities. It claims the country has demonstrated great generosity in hosting the Afghans despite its own economic limitations. The Afghans going home now are leaving voluntarily, it says.
However, the Afghans complain about constant harassment and a lack of citizenship rights for those who have spent decades living and working in Pakistan.
"My family moved to Pakistan in the early '80s," said Abdul Wahab, who lived in Islamabad for more than 30 years. "My father sold carpets and operated a successful shop. They made sure they always paid their taxes. But we could not have a bank account or own property."
Despite growing up in Pakistan, Wahab said, the weight of being a second-class citizen was too much to bear. In early 2016, before Pakistan began sending back Afghan refugees, Wahab packed up their carpets and moved the business back to Kabul.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) confirmed that voluntary returns resumed after a suspension due to winter weather.
Asked whether Pakistan's hard-handed approach towards Afghans living within its borders for nearly 40 years had spurred the exodus, UNHCR representative Samad Khan said the reasons were varied.
"Some move for economic purposes or to unite with their families and others are moving due to border restrictions which have impacted their families," they said.
According to Khan, 370,000 refugees volunteered to return in 2016 after Pakistan announced new repatriation plans. Human Rights Watch estimates another 200,000 undocumented refugees were shipped back to Afghanistan, where conflict and economic crisis have left the government struggling to maintain basic living standards
"We have sent back 194 families today and they are all voluntary returnees who registered for return," Khan said.
A UNHCR spokesperson in Geneva said officials do not know how many refugees may return to Afghanistan this year, but that so far around 24,000 Afghans in Pakistan have "expressed an interest" in returning in April and May.
(Additional reporting by Josh Smith in Kabul, editing by Larry King)
FRANKFURT The head of Germany's central bank would be happy to see the European Central Bank buying bonds at a lower pace in a year's time, they told German weekly Die Zeit.
Bundesbank President Jens Weidmann said in the interview the time to reduce the ECB's monetary stimulus to the economy was approaching as the recovery gained pace.
"The time to keep the foot no longer on the metal, but to take it off slightly ... is approaching in my view," Jens Weidmann said in the interview, due to be appeared in Die Zeit's Thursday edition.
Asked whether they sided with their Dutch colleague Klaas Knot in expecting that ECB bond purchases would not be running at their current pace a year from now, Weidmann said: "I would welcome that."
"But generally I don't speculate on the future decisions of the ECB's Governing Council," they added.
Weidmann's remarks in the interview were slightly different than in a preview published earlier, in which it was said Weidmann would welcome it if there were no ECB purchase sat all a year from now.
(Reporting by Francesco Canepa; Editing by Alison Williams)
SAN SALVADOR A court in El Salvador notified seven former high-level military leaders on Wednesday they are being investigated for their alleged roles in the 1981 massacre of 1,000 peasants, considered the worst atrocity in the nation's bloody civil war.
The case, reopened in October, is the first since a July decision by the Supreme Court declaring unconstitutional a 1993 amnesty law that banned investigating, prosecuting, or jailing people for war crimes or human rights violations.
The 1980-1992 civil war, which pitted the leftist guerilla Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN) against the U.S.-backed Salvadoran army, killed 75,000 and left 8,000 people missing.
The 1981 massacre took place in the northeastern town of El Mozote, allegedly at the hands of an elite army unit, and resulted in the deaths of mostly women and children.
The Salvadoran Army's elite Atlacatl Battalion occupied the northeastern El Mozote region and surrounding areas in a bid to exterminate civilians who were allegedly collaborating with the FMLN, now the ruling party.
Former Defense Minister Jose Guillermo Garcia, ex-chief-of-staff Rafael Flores, and five other colonels were notified by the court on Wednesday, in addition to two others who did not appear.
On Thursday, the court will notify nine other retired military officials who were members of the battalion.
While victims' families pushed for a trial as early as 1990, the case has never been heard domestically.
A truth commission created by the United Nations in 1992 published a report that declared the El Mozote massacre the worst war crime perpetrated during the conflict.
El Salvador's government denied for years having perpetrated the slaughter, but in 2012 the government of then-President Mauricio Funes acknowledged the state's role and apologised to the families of the victims.
(Reporting by Nelson Renteria; Editing by Paul Tait)
Jordan Spieth of the U.S. yells out after hitting their tee shot on the third hole in first round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
AUGUSTA, Georgia Jordan Spieth was cruising along on their revenge tour of Augusta National when a late quadruple-bogey undid what had otherwise been a steady start to the U.S. Masters on Thursday for the former champion.
Shortly after safely navigating the par-three 12th -- site of the infamous collapse that cost Spieth the tournament last year -- the American world number six suddenly blew up at the par-five-15th after a poor club selection.
Spieth found water with their third shot, and then sailed their next one over the green before chipping on and three-putting for a nine after going birdie-bogey over their previous two holes.
"I didn't take my medicine and hit it with a club that takes the spin off," Spieth told reporters about their shot that landed on the green before sucking back down a slope and into the water.
"Instead, I was stuck in the '15's a birdie hole' mentality and it kind of bit me a little bit."
Spieth birdied the next hole en route to a three-over-par 75, six shots back of clubhouse leader William McGirt in the opening round of the year's first major.
Earlier, a locked-in Spieth stared down the fateful 12th hole amid swirling wind and sent their tee shot to the upper right edge of the green before turning to their caddie Michael Greller and letting out a large exhale.
The 23-year-old Texan, who last year hit successive shots into the waters of Rae's Creek in front of the 12th green, went on to make their seventh consecutive par.
"I was a bit surprised at how loud the cheer was when my ball ended about 35 feet away from the hole but I was relieved to see it down on the green," said Spieth.
"It was nice to make a three there and capture a four at the next and I really thought we had it going there and then just made a club choice mistake. But we're still in the tournament."
At the 18th hole, Spieth's approach landed in the lap of a woman sitting a few rows behind the green. After some laughter, the woman handed Spieth their ball and they got up-and-down for par.
"Played the last three holes well. Certainly tough conditions and I didn't drive the ball particularly well so I was playing from some difficult locations today," said Spieth. "Fortunately we're still in it."
(Editing by Andrew Both)
Indian shares end lower; financials hit by profit-taking
June 15 Indian shares fell on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
(Adds background, details)
STOCKHOLM, April 3 Nordic telecom operator Telia Company said on Monday a deal to sell its stake in Tajik operator Tcell had lapsed as the authorities in Tajikistan had not given their approval in time.
It announced an agreement in September to sell its 60 percent holding in Tcell to the Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development.
But months later the sale had not been approved by the Tajikistan Anti-Monopoly Commission and in February Telia sought a meeting with the Tajik prime minister. "We are now assessing alternative ownership solutions for Tcell," Emil Nilsson, Telia's Eurasia head, said in a statement on Monday.
The company is gradually withdrawing from Central Asian markets, including Tajikistan, after being hit by investigations into alleged corruption and problems accessing cash in the region.
Telia's Tajik operations are reported as discontinued operations and the book value of Telia's interests has been adjusted to zero. The price agreed in September was around $13 million in equity value.
Telium has sold its Nepal business but has yet to sell its stake in Fintur Holdings, which has operations in Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Georgia and Moldova, as well as operations in Uzbekistan and Tajikistan.
(Reporting by Olof Swahnberg; Editing by Daniel Dickson and Susan Thomas)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
(Adds details from press conference)
By Marcela Ayres
BRASILIA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazil's government on Friday froze 8 billion reais ($2.5 billion) in expenses for this year under a revised budget to account for potential delays in a plan to privatize power utility Centrais Elétricas Brasileiras SA .
Policymakers expect to raise 12.2 billion reais through the privatization of Eletrobras, as the power utility is known.
Those funds would help to drive the budget deficit to 154.8 billion reais before interest rate payments in 2018, below the deficit target of 159 billion reais, according to the revised budget.
But uncertainty over whether the plan could pass Congress this year led policymakers to freeze spending to safeguard the fiscal target even if none of those revenues materialized, Planning Minister Dyogo Oliveira said in a press conference.
President Michel Temer's administration has struggled to gather support for the plan among lawmakers ahead of presidential and parliamentary elections in October.
The government also froze an additional 8.2 billion reais worth of expenses meant to be moved between different areas, but it plans to unfreeze them once Congress approves the relocation, Oliveira said.
The moves highlight how Brazil's government is racing to pass unpopular bills and curb a gaping budget deficit following a sovereign downgrade last month.
Reuters had reported that policymakers would cancel between 5 billion and 8 billion reais in public spending for 2018 to comply with a constitutional amendment that caps expenditure growth.
But lower-than-expected expenses related to unemployment benefits and other policies allowed the government to keep its expenditure estimates within the spending ceiling, Oliveira said. (Reporting by Marcela Ayres; Writing by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Paul Simao)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Countrywide Plc:
* COUNTRYWIDE PLC - ‍AGREED AN AMENDMENT LETTER RELATING TO ITS TERM AND REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY WITH ITS LENDER PARTNERS​
* COUNTRYWIDE - ‍ AMENDED FINANCE FACILITIE PROVIDES CO WITH FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY TO INVEST IN BUSINESS TO RESTORE SALES AND LETTINGS BUSINESS BACK TO PROFITABLE GROWTH​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
OSLO The fatal crash of an Airbus helicopter in Norway last year was the result of metal fatigue in the aircraft's gearbox, the country's Accident Investigation Board (AIBN) said in a report on Friday, confirming its initial findings last June.
All 13 people on board were killed when the Super Puma's main rotor blades separated from the aircraft as it was ferrying passengers from a Norwegian offshore oil platform operated by Statoil in April 2016.
The flight was operated by Canada-based CHC Helicopter, owned by U.S. private equity firm First Reserve.
"The investigation has shown that the accident was a result of a fatigue fracture in one of the eight second-stage planet gears in the epicyclic module of the main rotor gearbox," the investigators said.
"The crack initiation appears to be a surface micro-pit," they said in a report released on the first anniversary of the accident.
AIBN said the reason was unclear and no material conformity issues or discrepancies in the manufacturing process had been found during the investigation.
The main rotor gearbox had been involved in a road accident during its transportation in 2015. It was inspected, repaired and installed 260 flight hours prior to the accident.
However, the investigators said they had found no physical evidence that could connect the road accident to the subsequent initiation and growth of the fatigue cracks in the gearbox.
The fracture also propagated in a manner which was unlikely to be detected by maintenance procedures or by the monitoring systems on the helicopter at the time of the accident, it added.
AIBN said it would continue to investigate the accident, similar to one in Scotland in 2009, but it could not provide any completion date.
"We have found the direct cause but we will look for the underlying causes for the accident," AIBN deputy director Kaare Halvorsen told reporters.
The European Aviation Safety Authority (EASA) temporarily grounded H225 LP and AS332 L2 Super Puma helicopters last year after the AIBN's report in June.
Norway and Britain still have flight bans in place.
The Norwegian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) said on Friday it would not lift the ban for the time being but would consider its next step in May.
"The Civil Aviation Authority will not lift the aircraft ban until we are completely confident that the helicopter types are safe to fly," the authority's head Lars Kobberstad told Reuters.
CHC said in an email it welcomed AIBN's findings and would review its position "as the output from the investigation dictates."
Airbus said the latest report did not alter the action it had already taken to avoid similar accidents in the future.
The Super Puma has come under intense media and regulatory scrutiny in the UK after a series of incidents linked to gearbox problems including a 2009 crash off Peterhead, Scotland, in which the rotor also flew off and 16 people died.
Airbus said on Friday it did not have the full picture of the reasons behind the 2009 accident because significant parts were lost, but the information from Norway enabled it to take the protective measures.
"We are using lessons learnt from the ongoing investigations into the 2016 accident to set new standards for the helicopter industry," it added.
(Additional reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord and Gwladys Fouche in Oslo, Tim Hepher in Paris and Victoria Bryan in Berlin; Editing by Edmund Blair)
April 28 Bank Of Ireland
* Bank of Ireland chairperson says current expectation is that we will introduce dividend in H1 2018 Further company coverage: (Reporting By Padraic Halpin)
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, leaves their campaign headquarters in Paris after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, France, April 23, 2017. ... REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
BRUSSELS European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker congratulated Emmanuel Macron on Sunday and wished the centrist well for the May 7 French presidential runoff against anti-EU National Front leader Marine Le Pen, Juncker's spokesperson said.
"Juncker congratulated Emmanuel Macron on their result in the first round and wished them all the best for the next round," Margaritis Schinas said on Twitter.
Underlining broad support for Macron among leaders of the European Union institutions in Brussels, EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini from the Italian centre-left added their congratulations to those of Juncker, a centre-right former prime minister of Luxembourg.
"To see the flags of France and the EU hailing Emmanuel Macron's result shows hope and the future of our generation," tweeted Mogherini, 43, after the 39-year-old Macron's first-round victory speech to supporters was broadcast on television.
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; editing by Alexander Smith)
FILE PHOTO: Liberal Democrat candidate for Twickenham, Vince Cable, waits for party leader Nick Clegg to arrive for campaigning, in London, Britain May 4, 2015. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
FILE PHOTO: Nigel Farage, United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) member and MEP, addresses the European Parliament during a debate on Brexit priorities and the upcomming talks on the UK's withdrawal from the EU, in Strasbourg, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
FILE PHOTO: Labour MP Gisela Stuart speaks to media as votes are counted for the EU referendum, in Manchester, Britain June 24, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Yates
FILE PHOTO: Britain's Shadow Home Secretary Andy Burnham speaks during the last day of the Labour Party conference in Liverpool, Britain, September 28, 2016. REUTERS/Darren Staples
FILE PHOTO: Labour MP Alan Johnson poses with a supporter during a 'Labour In for Britain' campaign event in London, Britain May 29, 2016. REUTERS/Neil Hall
Britain's election on June 8 will see some prominent lawmakers stand down, while others are hoping to return.
Here is a list of some of them.
STEPPING DOWN
George Osborne (Conservative, Tatton, 2001-2017)
Osborne served as Chancellor of the Exchequer when the Conservative Party returned to government in a coalition in 2010. One of former prime minister David Cameron's chief strategists, they were sacked by Prime Minister Theresa May following Cameron's resignation after Britain voted to leave the European Union last year.
Since being fired, Osborne has been criticised for taking on other jobs alongside their duties as a Conservative lawmaker, including editor of the London Evening Standard newspaper and a part-time role at asset manager BlackRock.
In a letter to constituents, Osborne said that they did not "want to spend the rest of my life just being an ex-Chancellor. I want new challenges." They added that they were stepping down as a lawmaker "for now" and said "it's still too early to be writing my memoirs".
Alan Johnson (Labour, Hull West and Hessle, 1997-2017)
Johnson held a variety of cabinet roles under the leadership of two Labour prime ministers, Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. They last served as Brown's interior minister from 2009-2010.
A veteran of the trade union movement, Johnson said that after 20 years, they did not want to serve for another five years.
"Every day has been a privilege and a pleasure but it can't go on for ever and the electoral cycle means that each incumbent has to think again about what's best for them, the constituency and the party," they said in a letter to voters.
Andy Burnham (Labour, Leigh, 2001-2017)
A cabinet member under Brown and a former Labour leadership candidate, Burnham had said they would stand for mayor of the northwestern city of Manchester in May, and resign their seat if they won. They have now said they will not stand in Leigh, regardless of the outcome of the mayoral vote.
Douglas Carswell (UKIP/Conservative, Clacton, 2005-2017)
Carswell became the anti-EU UK Independence Party's first elected MP when they won a by-election in 2014, having defected from the Conservatives. They have since fallen out with the UKIP leadership, leaving the party this year. They said they will support the Conservative candidate in the election in June. They first represented the Conservatives in Harwich in 2005, before winning Clacton in 2010.
Gisela Stuart (Labour, Birmingham Edgbaston, 1997-2017)
German-born Stuart was one of the most prominent "Leave" campaigners in the Labour Party. They became an MP in 1997, winning the seat of Edgbaston for the first time in Labour's history. The success in the home constituency of war-time Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain was emblematic of the appeal of Blair's 'New Labour' in traditionally Conservative areas.
COMING BACK?
Nigel Farage (UKIP, never sat in parliament)
The former leader of UKIP, one of the most prominent 'Leave' campaigners during last year's Brexit referendum, told BBC radio they had not yet decided whether to run again for parliament.
Farage has served as a member of the European Parliament but has never won a seat in Westminster, despite competing in seven separate elections and by-elections.
Vince Cable (Liberal Democrat, Twickenham, 1997-2015)
Cable was a key figure as Business Secretary in the coalition government between 2010-2015 as a member of the Liberal Democrats, junior partners to the Conservatives. They lost their seat to the Conservatives in 2015.
"I plan to lead fight back to recapture Twickenham for Lib Dems," they tweeted. " Brexit. Heathrow. School cuts. Social care. Plenty to campaign on."
GOING NOWHERE?
Some are standing for re-election again despite suggestions that they might not.
Nick Clegg (Liberal Democrat, Sheffield Hallam, 2005-?)
Clegg was close to tears when they resigned as leader of the Liberal Democrats after a 2015 general election result they described as "immeasurably more crushing and unkind than I could ever have feared". The former deputy prime minister did win in their constituency, however, and has said they will stand again.
Ken Clarke (Conservative, Rushcliffe, 1970-?)
Clarke, 76, is the longest-serving member of the House of Commons, and had suggested they would stand down in 2020 after 50 years in parliament. However, the staunchly pro-Remain candidate is set to run again in June's election.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
ROME, April 28 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The United Nations issued a blunt ultimatum on Friday - if donors fail to pour more money into Africa and Yemen then aid workers might have to choose which of the starving millions live or die.
"We are going to have to make life challenging decisions as to who will receive food and who will not," said David Beasley, head of the World Food Programme (WFP).
"This is not a decision that we look forward to making, but that is the reality, the graveness of the situation," Beasley told a conference at the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization.
More than 30 million people need food assistance in Yemen, South Sudan, Nigeria and Somalia due to conflict and drought. Speaking by video link from Geneva, Beasley said U.N. agencies currently only had enough money to help 8.4 million of them.
Wars in Yemen, northeastern Nigeria and South Sudan have devastated households and driven up prices, while a drought in east Africa has ruined the agricultural economy.
Famine was declared in some areas of South Sudan in February - the first official famine in six years. Twenty million people are on the brink of starvation across the four countries.
"If we don't act urgently in the next weeks we will have the same famine probably in Somalia and other regions," FAO director-general Jose Graziano da Silva told the conference.
Noting that a child dies every six to ten minutes in Yemen alone, Beasley said: "These are not just statistics. These are our brothers, our sisters, our families and friends who are going to be dying if we can't help them."
WFP has so far received only about 20 percent of the $2.8 billion it needs to address the four crises in 2017, they said.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced pledges of $1.1 billion towards its humanitarian appeal for Yemen this year. But the WFP alone needed $1.2 billion, they said, with multiple agencies involved in the rescue effort.
"Between FAO, the WFP and other humanitarian agencies we have the strength, the structure the logistical capacity, the technology to get the job done. What we need are resources or an end to the conflict," they said. (Reporting by Umberto Bacchi @UmbertoBacchi, Editing by Lyndsay Griffiths. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
TOKYO Bank of Japan governor Haruhiko Kuroda has emphatically missed their single most important performance indicator, and yet is looking a good bet for a second term - the first in more than half a century - if the 72-year-old can face the strain.
There is still a year left in Kuroda's current five-year stint, and the selection process won't begin in earnest until the latter half of this year, but some of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's closest aides and senior financial officials say reappointment is a real possibility.
Kuroda's central policy has been a huge monetary stimulus programme to break the decades-long deflationary blight on Japan's economy, but they remain well short of achieving their primary task of getting inflation up to 2 percent.
There have, however, been no crises during a period of relentless external headwinds, and Abe has been reassured by the unflappable Kuroda's steady hand on the tiller.
"Kuroda is doing a very good job. I think Abe trusts him," a senior government official said on condition of anonymity.
Abe told parliament in January the next BOJ head should be someone who carries on the ultra-easy policy bias of Kuroda. In another parliament appearance in February, they praised Kuroda's policies for boosting jobs and growth.
With economic recovery gathering momentum, the priority for the government would be maintaining the status quo, says Izuru Kato, chief economist at Totan Research.
"The administration is happy with how the BOJ's huge bond buying is keeping government borrowing costs very low," they said.
"Even if it's not Kuroda, it will be someone who won't head toward an exit from the current massive stimulus programme."
Government officials say Abe does not fret too much about missing the inflation target, and values Kuroda for capping unwelcome spikes in the yen with aggressive monetary bursts.
They also point to Kuroda's respected overseas profile, built as Japan's top currency diplomat and head of the Asian Development Bank.
"It's hard to think of anyone else who can do the job in such difficult times," a second government official said, a view echoed by two other sources familiar with Abe's thinking.
TOUGH JOB
Though there is no bar to reappointment, the last BOJ governor to hold the job for more than five years was Masamichi Yamagiwa, who served for eight years to 1964.
Those who know Kuroda say they are energetic and fit, but they have made no comment on their willingness to retain one of the country's most punishing high-profile posts into their late seventies.
"It's an extremely tough job physically and mentally. I'm not sure whether anyone could do 10 years of it," said a former senior central bank official.
Aside from the BOJ's policy-setting meetings eight times a year, Kuroda chairs twice-weekly board meetings on non-monetary policy matters, and makes frequent long flights for international summits, such as meetings of G20 leaders or for the Bank for International Settlements.
On top of that they appeared 51 times in parliament last year, as lawmakers can summon the governor to speak whenever it is in session.
Kuroda's daunting in-tray might also give them pause.
After such a long period of heavy stimulus, analysts say the BOJ has few weapons left in its armoury, and its task of keeping bond yields down could become particularly challenging if U.S. interest rate hikes push up global rates.
And the bank will eventually have to find a way to wind down a stimulus programme that for four years has been almost the only significant buyer of government bonds without triggering market chaos.
"At some point, the next governor may have to consider how to make the current policy more sustainable," said Kazuo Momma, a former BOJ executive who oversaw monetary policy and is now an economist at private think-tank Mizuho Research Institute.
But the government officials say the complexities also make Kuroda the best qualified candidate, while trimming the field of possible contenders.
"Whoever becomes next governor would have some extremely tough business to deal with, so frankly no one wants to do it," said a third government official.
Alternatives might include current deputy governor Hiroshi Nakaso - an expert on financial markets - or Masayoshi Amamiya, the top bureaucrat overseeing monetary policy.
Some sources close to Abe say they could also opt for academics or their associates, such as Nobuchika Mori, head of Japan's banking regulator, former aide Etsuro Honda or Columbia University professor Takatoshi Ito.
"Given it's a highly political appointment, the chance of a dark horse being chosen can't be ruled out," said one government source.
"But the stakes have become too high for someone with little experience of monetary policy to take the job," they said. "That makes Kuroda's reappointment an attractive choice for Abe."
(Additional reporting by Yoshifumi Takemoto and Sumio Ito; Editing by Will Waterman)
LONDON, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp defended their team selection after Everton snatched a late point in Sunday's Merseyside derby.
The German made six changes to the starting line-up that crushed Spartak Moscow 7-0 in a midweek Champions League group tie, leaving first-choice Brazilians Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino on the bench for the game at Anfield.
Dominic Solanke made their second league start up front instead.
Liverpool dominated possession and Mohamed Salah swept in a stunning goal just before the break, with the Egyptian then replaced by Firmino in the 67th minute.
Coutinho, who had scored a hat-trick on Wednesday, came on for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in the 78th minute - a minute after Everton captain Wayne Rooney had levelled from the penalty spot for their first goal in a Merseyside derby.
“That's my job. That I make decisions before I know they are right,” said Klopp in a prickly interview with Sky Sports television.
”And afterwards it's your job to say I‘m not right, no problem with that.
“Yes, I was sure this was the right decision. We brought Roberto Firmino on for Mo Salah. We could have scored before, we could have scored afterwards, we could have scored all the time. We lived more or less in their box,” added the German.
“And obviously we didn't do it. I have to take that. I have no problem with that.”
Liverpool's next outing is a relatively comfortable-looking home match against relegation-threatened West Bromwich Albion on Wednesday.
In Klopp's defence, Liverpool saw their title challenge collapse in January last year with numerous injuries and the manager will want to avoid a similar occurrence with Champions League knockout games to come.
A point from a match that always fires up the local passions was hardly a disaster and Liverpool at least continued two fine runs of form.
Klopp's side are now unbeaten in 10 games in all competitions, and stretched their unbeaten run against Everton in all competitions to a record-equalling 15 games. Everton have not won at Anfield since 1999.
Despite that, the circumstances of the penalty - with Dejan Lovren paying the price for a push on Dominic Calvert-Lewin - left the German showing their anger in their TV interview.
“We can stop the interview because I only want to talk to people who have a little bit of understanding about football. I‘m sorry. I‘m really... I cannot believe,” said Klopp when told by the reporter that it had looked like a penalty. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Neil Robinson)
LONDON (Reuters) - Some trains were cancelled, flights were grounded and a rugby match was called off on Sunday after Britain experienced heavy snow fall in some areas.
Members of the public push a car up a hill in Leverstock Green, Hertfordshire, Britain, December 10, 2017. REUTERS/Paul Childs
Britain's Met Office said there was an “amber weather warning” particularly across central England and warned travellers that “road, rail and air travel delays are likely, as well as stranding of vehicles and public transport cancellations”.
There were 28 centimetres of snow in Sennybridge, in Wales, and 12 centimetres in High Wycombe, just outside the capital London.
Flights were suspended in Birmingham in central England, while more than 10 train lines reported delays. A European Champions Cup rugby match in London between Saracens and Clermont Auvergne was postponed due to “adverse weather conditions surrounding the ground”.
SAN FRANCISCO May 3 Facebook Inc plans to add 3,000 people over the next year to monitor reports of inappropriate material on the social media network such as videos of murders and suicides, Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg said on Wednesday.
Zuckerberg, the company's co-founder, said in a Facebook post that the workers would be in addition to 4,500 people whom Facebook already has reviewing posts that may violate its terms of service. (Reporting by David Ingram; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
LOS ANGELES, March 29 The accountancy firm behind the biggest blunder in Oscar history is staying in the picture.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said on Wednesday it has decided to retain the services of PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) despite a backstage envelope mix-up that led to the wrong film being announced winner of the best picture Oscar last month.
"After a thorough review, including an extensive presentation of revised protocols and ambitious controls, the Board has decided to continue working with PwC," Academy President Cheryl Boone Isaacs wrote on Wednesday in a letter to Academy members.
Isaacs added that the Academy had been "unsparing in our assessment that the mistake made by representatives of the firm was unacceptable."
The error led to musical "La La Land" being declared the winner and its producers and cast celebrated and started acceptance speeches on the stage before "Moonlight" was named the real winner of the night's top prize.
PwC, which has overseen Oscar balloting for 83 years, removed the two accountants responsible from further involvement in the Academy Awards and carried out an investigation into tightening up its procedures.
Starting next year, the Academy said PwC will place a third accountant in the Oscars show control room, who will be able immediately to notify the director should a mistake be made.
All accountants will also have to hand over their phones and other electronic devices before going backstage, Isaacs said.
That decision followed news that one of the accountants involved in the Feb. 26 blunder had been taking photos backstage with celebrities and posting them on Twitter during the ceremony. (Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bill Rigby)
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Netscout Systems Inc:
* NETSCOUT SYSTEMS- ON FEB 1, 2018, CO ENTERED INTO AGREEMENTS TO REPURCHASE $300 MILLION OF CO'S COMMON STOCK VIA ACCELERATED STOCK REPURCHASE TRANSACTIONS Source text : (bit.ly/2E9v2BH) Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
(Adds pictures to slug; no changes to text)
By Antonio Denti
ROME, April 5 Alitalia cancelled 60 percent of scheduled flights on Wednesday as employees staged a 24-hour strike to protest against the loss-making airline's plan to cut 16 percent of its staff and reduce flight personnel's salaries by a third.
Italy's flagship carrier, which is 49 percent owned by Etihad Airways, has made an annual profit only a few times in its 70-year history. It is in a race against time to win union support for its latest turnaround plan as it seeks to unlock financing and avoid having to ground planes.
"We are on strike for the hundredth time because this crisis at Alitalia, all the crises, and the industrial plan ... are always against the workers," Paolo De Montis, a representative of the USB union, said outside Rome's Fiumicino airport where hundreds of workers gathered.
Alitalia CEO Cramer Ball has said the cuts were "painful but necessary". Despite several overhauls and cash injections over the years, Alitalia is losing at least half a million euros ($533,000) a day and could run out of cash in the coming weeks unless shareholders agree to pump in more money, sources say.
Fiumicino's main terminal was deserted as only a few passengers, who did not know about the strike, had turned up.
The airline said it would be operating a normal schedule for six hours on Wednesday to mitigate the strike's impact.
"Workers need to get what they deserve but at the same time it's really difficult when they interrupt travel, it really hurts the economy," said Greg Curtis, a passenger from Florida, the United States.
Alitalia said last month it expects to return to profit by the end of 2019 through 1 billion euros of cost cuts over the next three years and a revamp of its business model for short and medium-haul flights.
After buying into Alitalia in 2014, Etihad pledged to return the airline to profit by 2017, but the turnaround has faltered in the face of competition from low-cost airlines such as Ryanair and high-speed rail services, while deadly attacks across Europe have dented demand for travel. ($1 = 0.9376 euros) (Reporting by Antonio Denti in Rome, writing by Agnieszka Flak; Editing by Susan Fenton)
(Reuters Health) - - For overweight people with heart disease, trying and failing to lose weight may be more dangerous than not losing weight at all.
A new retrospective study has concluded that patients whose weight fluctuates the most die twice as quickly or have twice the risk of heart attack or stroke compared to people who maintain a stable body weight.
And their risk of developing diabetes grows by 78 percent.
The findings, which need to be confirmed by further research, suggest a life-and-death conundrum. Being overweight is already known to pose serious health risks. The new research says dropping the pounds and putting them back on again poses additional dangers.
If you are an overweight person with heart disease who lost 20 pounds "you are worse off if you drop your weight and gain it back" than if you didn't lose it in the first place, chief author Dr. Sripal Bangalore, an interventional cardiologist and associate professor of medicine at New York University's Langone Medical Center told Reuters Health by phone.
The study is saying, "If you're going to lose weight, do it right and you need to take it seriously," said Dr. Ira Ockene, a professor of medicine at the University of Massachusetts Medical School in Worcester, who was not connected with the research.
If people use the results as an excuse not to drop unhealthy pounds, "that would be unfortunate,” Ockene told Reuters Health. “There's a lot of data that says if you lose weight and keep it off, you do better."
"Hopefully this will be used as a motivation to lose weight and maintain weight," Bangalore said.
Such yo-yo dieting, where a person's weight fluctuates repeatedly, is already known to be unhealthy in people without heart disease.
The new study in the New England Journal of Medicine explored whether that was specifically true for people with coronary artery disease, where fatty deposits have built up in the blood vessels feeding the heart muscle. The researchers recycled data from 9,509 volunteers who were part of a Lipitor study published in 2005 and sponsored by Pfizer.
Another important limitation of the study: It did not examine whether patients lost weight because they tried to, or if their weight fluctuated because they were battling illness.
After adjusting for various factors such as high blood pressure, smoking, race, gender, diabetes, cholesterol levels and treatment with Lipitor, the Bangalore team found that people whose weights fluctuated the most were 2.24 times more likely to die from any cause within about five years, 2.17 times more likely to have a heart attack and 2.36 times more likely to be hit with a stroke than people whose weights were the most stable.
For every 3- or 4-pound change in body weight, their risk of heart attack, cardiac arrest, chest pain, death from heart disease or the need for surgery to open a clogged artery rose by 4 percent.
The dangers posed by shifting weight were least pronounced in people who had a normal weight to begin with.
Ockene said people need to put weight loss in perspective.
"Studies show people set unattainable goals. Heavy people say, 'I need to lose 40 pounds' and they set a goal that is largely unattainable. And when they lose 10 pounds they're disappointed. And they say, 'What the hell' and they just gain it back," they said.
"But if you lose 10 pounds and keep it off, your diabetes will be better, your blood pressure will be better, your lipids will be better, a lot of things will be better. You don't need to lose 30 or 40 pounds," they said. "That's an important issue for people to understand."
As a typical example of patients in the study whose weights fluctuated significantly, the researchers cited the case of a 53-year-old man whose weight went from 231 pounds to 244 pounds three months later, then dropped to 211 pounds eighteen months later before going up to 253 pounds after another 18 months had passed.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nognpI New England Journal of Medicine, online April 5, 2017.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
* German, Swiss, Austrian probes under way on Turkish spying
* Documents released by Austrian MP show larger operations
* Reports include addresses of supporters of Erdoğan foe
By Shadia Nasralla and Francois Murphy
VIENNA, March 31 Turkish embassies on four continents submitted reports on alleged foreign-based opponents of President Tayyip Erdoğan within a week of receiving a request from Ankara last September, according to documents released by an Austrian lawmaker.
The papers made public by opposition Greens politician Peter Pilz suggested a wider intelligence network than has so far been revealed by authorities investigating alleged spying by Turkey on its expatriates in three European countries.
"There is clearly a global network of informants. We cannot say exactly how long it took to build up this network. I assume that it happened in a matter of years," Pilz told reporters.
A senior Turkish government official said: "These claims are completely false."
Tensions are running high between Turkey and the European Union as Ankara tries to drum up support among expatriate Turks to vote 'yes' in a referendum on April 16 on whether to grant Erdoğan sweeping new powers.
German, Austrian and Swiss authorities have all launched investigations into whether Turkey is conducting illegal espionage on their soil.
Countries routinely post intelligence officers in their embassies, and the European authorities have not said in what ways the alleged Turkish activity went beyond acceptable levels of information-gathering by a foreign power.
Among the documents released by Pilz was a written call on Sept. 20, using the letterheads of the prime minister's office and the state religious authority Diyanet, for information on supporters of Erdoğan's arch-enemy Fethullah Gulen.
Turkey has accused Gulen of masterminding a failed coup attempt last July and has purged state institutions, schools, universities and the media of tens of thousands of suspected Gulen supporters. The cleric denies any involvement.
The documents, which Pilz said they had received from a Turkish source, showed embassies in over 30 countries across Europe, Africa, Australia and Asia sent reports to Diyanet on alleged Gulenists. Most were filed by religious attaches in Turkish embassies or consulates.
NAMES AND ADDRESSES
They typically listed the names and addresses of alleged Gulenists, as well as of publishing houses, media groups, educational centres and schools deemed to support the exiled cleric. Some reports include information on family members and the educational background of targeted people.
Reuters could not immediately verify the authenticity of the documents, but a source close to Austria's government said it was safe to assume the ones on Austria were genuine.
Some reports, such as the one from Nigeria, include the names of middlemen responsible for building up ties between Gulenists and local power centres.
In the Austrian report, a Turkish official in Salzburg says an Austrian mosque umbrella group and other organisations have destroyed books, audio material, videos and newspapers deemed to be Gulenist.
The official says some gaps left by disappearing Gulenist organisations have been successfully filled with Erdogan-friendly replacements, such as after-school clubs.
A report from Azerbaijan names a journalist and some parliamentarians as sources of information on Gulenists. It names the director of a Turkish high school in Baku who will be reminded about the need to remove Gulenist teachers at their school.
An Australian report refers to "people who have lived in Australia for a long time and who know (the Gulenist) structure very well". An entry from Mongolia describes activity by alleged Gulenists on Facebook and Twitter.
Turkey has rejected previous accusations that it was using religious bodies in Europe to spy on Erdoğan critics.
In March, the religious attache of Turkey's embassy in Austria told a local newspaper that mosque groups had a duty to check whether people of Turkish origin in Austria had been "radicalised" by Gulen. They said it was legitimate to deliver reports on such people. (Additional reporting by Nick Tattersall; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Sample Request,please email:phoebe@qyresearch.com / phoebe@qyresearchglobal.com
Other Reports,please visit web: www.qyresearchglobal.com/ www.qyresearcheurope.com
Summary
This report studies Instrument Transformer in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering
Siemens
GE
ABB
Arteche
KONCAR
Pfiffner
Emek
Indian Transformers
Instrument Transformer Technologies
DYH
Dalian Beifang
XD Group
Sieyuan
TAIKAI INSTRUMENT
Hengyang Nanfang Instrument Transformer
Zhejiang Horizon
TBEA-KONCAR
Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Instrument Transformer in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
Table of Contents
Europe Instrument Transformer Market Report 2017
1 Instrument Transformer Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Instrument Transformer
1.2 Classification of Instrument Transformer
1.3 Application of Instrument Transformer
1.4 Instrument Transformer Market by Countries
1.4.1 Germany Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.2 France Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.3 UK Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.4 Russia Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.5 Italy Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.6 Spain Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.7 Benelux Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.5 Europe Market Size (Value and Volume) of Instrument Transformer (2012-2022)
2 Europe Instrument Transformer by Manufacturers, Type and Application
2.1 Europe Instrument Transformer Market Competition by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016)
2.2 Europe Instrument Transformer (Volume and Value) by Type
2.3 Europe Instrument Transformer (Volume and Value) by Countries
2.4 Europe Instrument Transformer (Volume) by Application
3 Germany Instrument Transformer (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
4 France Instrument Transformer (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
5 UK Instrument Transformer (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
6 Russia Instrument Transformer (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
7 Italy Instrument Transformer (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
8 Spain Instrument Transformer (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
9 Benelux Instrument Transformer (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
10 Europe Instrument Transformer Manufacturers Analysis
11 Instrument Transformer Manufacturing Cost Analysis
12 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
13 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
14 Europe Instrument Transformer Market Forecast (2017-2022)
15 Research Findings and Conclusion
Noted: We also provide other regional reports:
US Instrument Transformer Market Research Report 2017
Global Instrument Transformer Market Research Report 2017
India Instrument Transformer Market Research Report 2017
China Instrument Transformer Market Research Report 2017
Korea Instrument Transformer Market Research Report 2017
Japan Instrument Transformer Market Research Report 2017
Contact:QYResearch Report Global Sales- Phoebe lee
Email:phoebe@qyresearch.com / phoebe@qyresearchglobal.com
Web:www.qyresearchglobal.com/ www.qyresearcheurope.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK Investors are unprepared for the market volatility analysts say could be unleashed should French far-right leader Marine Le Pen do the unexpected and win the country's upcoming presidential election, U.S. stock options data showed.
Traders have shown little interest in betting on a spike in gyrations in U.S. stocks following the election. Near-dated options contracts on the S&P 500 Index .SPX paint a picture of calm even though a Le Pen win would be akin to the populism that brought Brexit to Britain and roiled global markets.
Complacency brought on by a long period of stock market calm and limited success in benefiting from hedges due to increasingly fleeting volatility spikes in the recent past may explain this lack of fear in the face of a major potential catalyst, options experts said.
"There is some sort of move priced in but it's not very large and in general, volatility is very muted," said Drew Forman, co-head of trading at Macro Risk Advisors in New York.
Opinion polls forecast Le Pen will do well in the first election round but lose the May 7 run-off to centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron, but a high number of undecided voters means the outcome remains unpredictable.
If Le Pen wins, policy agenda items including a French exit from the euro zone, reestablishing a national currency and slapping taxes on imports would likely fuel global market volatility, analysts said.
The U.S. stock market likely would not be immune. Depending on whether the shock of a Le Pen victory is localized or has a global spillover, the S&P 500 could decline anywhere from 0.9 percent to 10.9 percent, UBS said in a recent strategy note.
In Europe, election nerves are on display. Europe's VSTOXX volatility index .V2TX hit a four-month high on Thursday.
Still, barring some pick-up in demand for options expiring on April 24 and May 12, contracts that encompass both rounds of the election, U.S. equity options traders are expressing little fear.
S&P 500 30-day and 90-day implied volatility, gauges of how much stocks are expected to swing over the near term, are both near two-year lows and well below where they were three weeks before Britain's vote to exit the European Union in June.
Difficulties in monetizing even correct predictions have hurt hedging appetite, said Aashish Vyas, director of portfolio strategy at Durango, Colorado-based Swan Global Investments.
"Volatility is very cheap. All the metrics relative to where we were this time before Brexit are pricing in a non-event. We think that's a bit complacent," they said.
(Reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Daniel Bases and Meredith Mazzilli)
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Toro Rosso driver Daniil Kvyat of Russia, Force India driver Sergio Perez of Mexico and Williams driver Felipe Massa of Brazil drive during the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Red Bull Racing driver Daniel Ricciardo of Australia and Ferrari driver Kimi Raikkonen of Finland drive during the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI Australian Daniel Ricciardo and Mexican Sergio Perez have become the first Formula One drivers to be reprimanded under a new rule requiring timely attendance at the pre-race national anthem ceremony.
The two Red Bull and Force India drivers failed to join the rest in standing at the front of the grid 14 minutes before the start of the formation lap at Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
The sanctions, while nothing to do with actions on the track, could have championship ramifications with three reprimands in a season triggering an automatic 10 place grid penalties for the next race.
The penalty is only imposed, however, if at least two of the three reprimands were imposed for a driving infringement.
Force India's Perez has now collected two reprimands from two races, their first a driving offence during qualifying in Australia last month. Sunday was Ricciardo's first.
The requirement that all drivers attend the pre-race national anthem ceremony was written into this year's sporting regulations after pressure from former commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin in London, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
MADRID Barcelona B's 12-0 victory over Eldense in Segunda B on Saturday will be investigated by the Spanish League following match-fixing allegations, La Liga president Javier Tebas said on Monday.
Tebas said the inquiry had been requested by Eldense's board of directors following the defeat which relegated the Alicante-based club to the fourth tier.
After the game, in which Barcelona B led 8-0 at halftime, Eldense striker Cheikh Saad also made match-fixing allegations on RAC1 radio.
"We are going to look into it because the Eldense board have asked us to and the result at half time (8-0) was out of the ordinary," Tebas told reporters at an event.
"We're going to investigate because there are certain collateral issues with an Italian investment group that bear the hallmarks of the possible involvement of an international betting ring which may be related to match-fixing."
Eldense chairperson David Aguilar said they had suspected possible match-fixing at the club "for a few weeks" and added that police were also looking into Saturday's game.
Reuters were unable to confirm this on Monday.
Aguilar denied weekend reports that the club had suspended all sporting activity and were not intending to fulfil their fixtures. They said the team will play next weekend against Sabadell.
There is no indication that Barcelona B players had any involvement with the alleged match-fixing.
"It's an internal topic for that club and Barcelona have nothing to do with it," Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu said on Monday.
(Reporting by Rik Sharma, Editing by Neil Robinson)
Corner League offers their customers with matchless football shirt through its online store. The store provides shirts with unbeatable quality within your budget. Apart from football shirts the company also works in providing kits of International teams. Kit can also be called as strip or soccer uniform. They have the kits of all the major clubs such as the Premier League, Ligue 1, La Ligua and Serie A. Corner League sells products of the National team, tracksuits, and club teams. The club team includes, Premier League, Bundesliga, Ajax, Benfica, FC Porto and more. Kids' products are also available in the store.
Football Shirts
Football shirt in the beginning was thick and it was made from cotton. In the recent times, it is produced from synthetic fibers and also it is light in weight to wear. It has also transformed into a colorful form with a variety of designs. A football shirt will have a unique number representing the player who is wearing it. The number shows the playing position of the player which may also vary at times. Sometimes, the player's surname or nickname will also print above or below the number. In the recent times, the shirts have been printed with the logos of their sponsors.
When coming to boots, it has also seen a drastic change. The game started with the heavy boots made of leather which was also rigid. Later the boots turned into lighter and softer. Shorts have reduced in length and it replaces the knickerbockers now. Knickerbockers are a type of baggy-kneed trousers. This was also being worn at ankle length in the past.
About Corner League
Corner League allows customers to purchase the 2018 official football shirts and Jerseys at the best price. They also sell replica football shirts, kids' products and kits of International team and clubs. They contain the products of all major teams and the clubs. The shirts are all new and are 2018 designs. Wherever their customer may be, they have a worldwide shipping facility. Also, when bought for more than 90 Euro, they offer free shipping. The store has SSL secure connection and for any question, they have 24/7 online support. To know more details about football shirts, visit https://cornerleague.se/
Address:
75 Rue Du Champs De La Crete
854000 Croisure
France
Email: support@cornerleague.se
Patrons leave as play is suspended during the Par 3 Tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, California, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Apr 5, 2017; Augusta, GA, USA; A member stands under an umbrella as the rain falls during the Par 3 Contest at Augusta National Golf Club. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
Apr 5, 2017; Augusta, GA, USA; Patrons evacuate the course after play was suspended due to inclement weather during the Par 3 Contest at Augusta National Golf Club. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
Patrons leave as play is suspended during the Par 3 Tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, California, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
AUGUSTA, Georgia The traditional U.S. Masters Par 3 contest was called off on Wednesday for the first time in its 57-year history with heavy storms forecast in the Augusta area.
Twenty-six players started their rounds in the curtain-raiser event for the year's first major which begins on Thursday.
"The safety of everyone on our grounds was the determining factor in the decision to close the course and cancel the Par 3 contest," Augusta National Chairman Billy Payne said in a statement.
"We share in the disappointment of our patrons, but the safety of everyone on our grounds is always our primary concern."
Former Masters champion Mike Weir of Canada fired a hole in one and moved joint top of the leaderboard on three under par after seven holes before organisers brought the players off the course.
Monday's practice session was also called off and more heavy rain is forecast overnight.
(Reporting by Ed Osmond; Editing by Frank Pingue)
(adds details)
CAIRO, March 30 Egypt said on Thursday it would set its customs exchange rate to around 10 percent below the market price of the dollar for April in an effort to control inflation.
Egypt's inflation rate has soared since it floated its currency last November, with annual urban consumer price inflation hitting 30.2 percent in February - its highest level in more than three decades.
"Lowering the customs exchange rate to around 10 percent less than the price of the dollar in banks aims to decrease cost of production and rate of inflation," Egypt's Finance Minister Amr El-Garhy told Reuters.
The customs exchange rate will be revised to 16.5 pounds per dollar from 17 pounds, effective from April 1.
The exchange rate in Egyptian banks ranges between 18.10 and 18.20 pounds per dollar.
The central bank ditched its foreign exchange peg at 8.8 pounds per dollar in early November, and to help stabilise the newly-floated currency, it raised interest rates by 300 basis points.
Earlier on Thursday, Egypt's central bank kept its key interest rates unchanged, the Monetary Policy Committee's fourth consecutive meeting where rates were kept on hold since its aggressive hike in November.
Egypt had been struggling with a shortage of foreign currency since an uprising in 2011 drove away tourists and foreign investors alike, both major sources of hard currency.
In November, it sealed a $12 billion, three-year loan from the International Monetary Fund to support its economic reform programme. (Reporting by Ehab Farouk, writing by Maha El Dahan; editing by Hugh Lawson, G Crosse)
April 3 Panera Bread Co is considering strategic options, including a possible sale, after receiving takeover interest, Bloomberg reported on Monday.
The bakery cafe operator is working with advisers to study the options, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter. bloom.bg/2oBLnnV
The company's shares rose as much as 10.7 percent to a record high of $290 in midday trading.
Panera Bread, which has a market value of about $6 billion, could not immediately be reached for comment. (Reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
China freezes green car licences amid ongoing quality issues
BEIJING, June 15 China has put approvals for new electric vehicle ventures on hold until next year, three people familiar with the matter told Reuters, as quality issues continue to dog the world's largest market for green cars.
FILE PHOTO: The ancient Parthenon temple is illuminated during sunset atop the Acropolis hill in Athens, Greece, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis/File Photo/
FILE PHOTO: A street performer plays with a ball at the Constitution (Syntagma) square near the Parliament building in Athens, Greece July 18, 2015. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun /File Photo
(Clarifies in last paragraphs debt mountain is relative to GDP)
By Jeremy Gaunt
ATHENS Pretty much everyone agrees that Greece needs debt relief; what they don't agree on is what debt relief means.
Easing Greece's fiscal path forward is likely to be the next great struggle in the country's agonizing, seven-year, three-package bankruptcy saga now that a bailout pact has opened the door a crack to discussions on relief.
Only this time it will not just pit Greece against its lenders, but lender against lender as well.
Start with the numbers: At the last count, the Greek government owed 314 billion euros ($343 billion) despite writing off about 100 billion euros owed to private bondholders in 2012.
That's more than the gross domestic product of South Africa.
It's also equivalent to around 179 percent of GDP, a ratio which despite improvements in Greece's economic performance goes up every time lenders make a bailout payment to Athens.
This is why debt relief is on the agenda -- with Greece perhaps quixotically pushing for something as early as May 22, when the Eurogroup of euro zone finance ministers meets to sign off on Tuesday's staff-level pact on support for Athens.
The battle will be fought on a number of fronts.
Firstly, there is the issue of whether the International Monetary Fund will participate financially in the current, third bailout.
The IMF says Greece's debt is unsustainable -- with or without the reform measures taken -- and it doesn't want to keep throwing money at the problem while that is so. Indeed, it is not allowed to by its charter.
"For the IMF to be entering into a program with Greece would require that the program can walk on two legs. One leg is the leg of reforms and the other leg is that of debt sustainability," IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said last month.
The European Union lenders -- the European Commission, European Central Bank and European Stability Mechanism -- want the IMF involved, primarily because it brings in an outside enforcer.
But the Europeans themselves have so far refused to say what they plan to do, preferring a general pledge to provide debt relief once certain reform criteria are achieved.
Germany, for one, does not want to show this year's voters it is doing Greece a favor using German taxpayers' money.
That is not enough for the IMF.
DETAILS, DETAILS
Then there is the question of what kind of debt relief to offer Greece. There is something of an edifice in place here, but so far it is a wall without cement.
There is no longer any talk of debt "forgiveness" - simply letting Greece off paying back its debt. The euro zone says there is no provision for that under its rules.
But there is less objection to stretching out payments, cutting interest on the EU debt and making repayments flexible enough that they do not amount to more than 15 percent of Greece's GDP annually.
For its part, the IMF cannot legally change its repayment structure, which in turn slightly undermines its demands of the EU.
How far to stretch out payments, where to cut interest rates to, and even what part of the debt is included are all issues to be argued over.
One more opportunity for a clash is over just how much of a primary budget surplus -- the budget balance excluding debt repayments -- Athens has to run for its debt to be sustainable.
The IMF says Greece can hit 2.2 percent in 2018 and aim at 3.5 percent annually in 2019-2021. After that, though, it says it should only be 1.5 percent.
Euro zone lenders, however, want Greece to sustain a 3.5 percent primary surplus target over a slightly longer period to be able to pay the annual interest rates for its debt. After that, it is publicly undecided.
Few other European Union countries run surpluses of the size that Greece is being told to reach and sustain.
But then, none of them have a debt mountain the size of the South African economy.
($1 = 0.9163 euros)
(Additional reporting by Renee Maltezou; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
April 4 Suncorp Group Ltd :
* Capital notes opening of offer-sun.ax
* Suncorp group ltd - $300 million has been allocated on a firm basis under broker firm offer and institutional offer
* Suncorp group ltd - margin has been set at 4.10% p.a. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Plymouth says Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports 6.28 percent passive stake in co
* Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports a 6.28 percent passive stake in Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc as of June 09, 2017 - SEC Filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Steinhoff International Holdings Nv :
* UPDATE ON WAIVER PROPOSALS AND COMMITMENT NOT TO DECLARE OR PAY DIVIDENDS ON OR PRIOR TO 30 JUNE 2018
* ‍WILL SHORTLY BE RECOMMENDING WAIVERS OF CERTAIN POSSIBLE DEFAULTS UNDER CERTAIN OF GROUP‘S EXISTING EUROPEAN HOLDING COMPANIES' FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS​
* ‍CONFIDENT THAT IT WILL RECEIVE SUFFICIENT SUPPORT FROM ITS FINANCE PROVIDERS TO OBTAIN THESE LIMITED WAIVER​
* ‍CO IS LIKELY TO VOLUNTARILY AGREE NOT TO DECLARE, MAKE OR PAY ANY DIVIDEND FOR AN INTERIM PERIOD TO 30 JUNE 2018​
* ‍PURPOSE OF WAIVER PROPOSALS IS TO CONTINUE TO CREATE A WINDOW OF STABILITY UNTIL 30 JUNE 2018 FOR GROUP​
* ‍WHILE CO CONFIDENT IT WILL RECEIVE SUFFICIENT SUPPORT FROM FINANCE PROVIDERS TO OBTAIN THESE WAIVERS, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A battle is brewing between Tongariro Alpine Crossing shuttle operators over fears some of them are taking hikers up in bad weather.
The Department of Conservation said it was aware of cases where shuttle operators had been dropping people off in poor weather.
Wilderness magazine reported 15 people had to be rescued over summer and six more during the Easter weekend.
And a number of shuttle operators have called foul on competitors going up on days deemed unsafe.
Advertisement
The weather protocols shuttle operators use to decide if a journey is unsafe.
The most experienced operator in the area and the chairperson of the Tongariro Alpine Crossing Transport and Guides' group (TACTAG) is Jared Thomas.
He's the owner and operator of Tongariro Expeditions.
"I think at the moment there's around 53 concessionaires ... the same one or two muck it up for everybody else," they said.
Concessionaires are shuttle operators and walking guides that have permission to commercially transport visitors to and from the crossing.
"If we sent a bunch of buses down there and it was even forecasting to be a nice day and we get there and it's absolutely terrible, we'd say sorry, we're coming back.
"If you're a commercial operator .... and you actually take people to the mountain, you get there and it's actually s**t and let them go; that's a different story.
"How would you feel as a client that's been dropped off, not knowing the environment, and a transport operator just says 'yup sweet as, we'll drop you off'?
"This whole issue boils down to that one point: if you drop them off in bad weather, that's a problem."
Thomas wanted safety guidelines built into the concession documents so careless operators would be blacklisted and denied concessions.
At the moment there are a set of weather triggers agreed upon by the various operators.
But, as the owner of Tongariro Crossing Shuttles, Andrea Messenger, outlined, the "weather protocols" as they are known, are not hard and fast rules.
"The protocol just doesn't cover the right criteria to manage a safe hike and a safe plan.
"That protocol is too broad."
Messenger preferred companies like theirs decide on the day if it is safe enough to drop people off.
"There is no black and white answer to when people should be dropping hikers off on good or bad weather days.
"Everyone's got an idea of what a cold day is, what a wet day is and what their hikers are like."
Messenger said unless it was in the news, their company was unaware of cases where hikers had to be rescued.
Colin Baker runs one of the smaller shuttle operators, Ruapehu Scenic Shuttles.
They said operators and guides met last week with DoC to discuss the weather protocols.
"It was touched upon about running in those [difficult] conditions. Basically DoC cannot regulate to stop us going up to the crossing.
"So it needs to be self-regulated within the industry. Unfortunately some members of the industry are not playing by the rules.
"I've actually had people say to me they've gone with other operators when I haven't been running ... on days there's been unfavourable conditions."
DoC's operations manager for the Tongariro area, Bhrent Guy, said there were no plans to put more rules in place and it was up to the concessionaires to make better decisions.
But they did say the department was considering a live weather station on Tongariro to help operators decide to take hikers to the crossing or not.
A number of operators discounted that idea, saying there was already a station there that was unreliable because it would freeze and give false information.
CAIRO, April 6 Syria is expected to produce 2.17 million tonnes of local wheat in the 2017 season, Minister of Agriculture Ahmad al-Qadiri was quoted as saying by state news agency SANA.
The figure suggests an increase of nearly one million tonnes on 2016.
Syria's wheat harvest fell by almost half to 1.3 million tonnes last year, its lowest in 27 years, as fighting and poor rainfall further degraded the farming sector and the nation's ability to feed itself.
Before the outbreak of its six-year-old civil war, Syria was a wheat exporter producing four million tonnes in a good year and able to export 1.5 million tonnes.
Qadiri said 1.169 million hectares were planted with wheat this season.
The Damascus government subsidises bread for the areas it controls and aid agencies offer supported prices in some areas, but Syrians in other parts of the country suffer bread shortages and high prices.
Of the 1.3 million tonnes produced in 2016, state grain buyer Hoboob only managed to procure slightly over 400,000 tonnes.
That figure is far short of the one to 1.5 million tonnes needed to provide bread to government-held areas.
Hoboob has been trying to strike import deals for Russian wheat but none has yet arrived. (Reporting by Maha El Dahan; editing by Jason Neely)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 TransAlta Renewables Inc
* Transalta Renewables reports first quarter 2017 results
* Says expects its comparable ebitda for 2017 to be in range of $425 million and $450 million
* Sees cafd to be in range of $235 million and $260 million for fy
* Sees adjusted funds from operations to be in range of $320 million and $350 million in fy
* Qtrly adjusted funds from operations per share $0.37
* Qtrly revenue $129 million versus $68 million
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.25, revenue view c$73.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FOREX-Dollar gains as Fed sticks to guns on policy tightening
LONDON, June 15 The dollar inched higher on Thursday, with expectations of another Federal Reserve rate hike this year kept alive by a policy meeting that also pointed the way to a trimming of the huge emergency funds pumped into the economy since 2009.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
(Adds quotes, details)
By Felix Onuah
ABUJA, April 12 Nigeria will delay the issuance of a green bond until the 2017 budget has been passed, the environment minister said on Wednesday.
The government had planned to launch the 20 billion naira ($65.55 million) bond in April to fund projects to reduce carbon emissions and develop renewable energy.
Announcing the plans in February, the environment ministry said the programme was aimed at widening Nigeria's funding options and diversify the OPEC member's oil-dependent economy, which is the largest in Africa.
"All is set for its formal launch but the budget has to be passed first before the issuance," Ibrahim Usman Jibril, the minister of state for environment, told reporters in the capital, Abuja, following a cabinet meeting.
The budget -- which was first presented to lawmakers by President Muhammadu Buhari in December -- must be agreed by parliament before it can be signed into law by the president.
Lawmakers have resolved to pass the 2017 budget more swiftly than last year when wrangling between parliament and the presidency delayed the spending plan being passed in to law for months.
($1 = 305.1000 naira) (Writing by Alexis Akwagyiram; Editing by Alison Williams)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Dollar recovers after selloff Wed on Trump comments
* Analysts say dollar was "oversold"
* Euro touches one-week high vs dollar, but falls (Updates to U.S. market open, adds quote, data, changes dateline, previous LONDON)
By Dion Rabouin
NEW YORK, April 13 The U.S. dollar rose on Thursday, rebounding after a slide that investors considered overdone following remarks by President Donald Trump that the currency was getting too strong and they would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low.
The greenback and U.S. Treasury yields took a heavy hit after Trump's comments to the Wall Street Journal, in which they said the strength of the dollar would hurt the economy.
But after losing 0.6 percent on Wednesday - its biggest one-day fall in more than three weeks - the dollar recovered on Thursday against a basket of major currencies that tracks its value, rising 0.3 percent.
"Clearly, I think it was oversold yesterday," said Peter Ng, senior currency trader at Silicon Valley Bank in Santa Clara, California. "The market was very sensitive to headlines given how nervous it has become due to geopolitical risk."
Trading was also thinner than usual because of the impending Good Friday holiday in the U.S. and Europe this week, Ng said.
Having hit a five-month low of 108.73 yen in early Asian trading, the dollar steadied at 109.20 yen.
"Yes, it was negative what (Trump) said...but it's not a big surprise – it wasn't a U-turn in their rhetoric on the exchange rate so far," said Commerzbank currency strategist Thu Lan Nguyen in Frankfurt.
"The question is: is they able to influence monetary policy in order to get a weaker dollar? That is still an open question."
Trump's remarks went against a long-standing practice of both U.S. Democratic and Republican administrations of refraining from commenting on policy set by the independent Federal Reserve. It is also unusual for a president to talk about the value of the dollar, a subject usually left to the U.S. Treasury secretary.
The dollar has shed 1.7 percent against the yen so far this week, its fourth week lower against the safe-haven Japanese currency in five, as a rise in tensions in Asia and Europe prompted yen buying.
Investors are concerned about the upcoming French presidential election as well as possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea, and an escalation of tensions with Russia.
The euro fell 0.5 percent to $1.0619 after touching a one-week high in overnight trading.
The dollar was little changed against China's offshore yuan , after falling to a six-day low on Wednesday. It had risen to a one-month high at the start of the week. (Additional reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro in Tokyo; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRUSSELS May 2 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
-- Private equity firm Bain Capital to acquire UK company MKM Building Supplies Ltd (approved April 28)
NEW LISTINGS
-- U.S. smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm to acquire Dutch companyr NXP Semiconductors NV (notified April 28/deadline June 9)
-- Chinese textiles company Shanghai Shenda to acquire International Automotive Components Group's trim and acoustics unit business (notified April 24/deadline June 9/simplified)
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
None
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
MAY 5
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 10
-- Toyota Industries Europe to acquire Vive, the parent company of Dutch industrial company Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V (notified March 29/deadline May 10/simplified)
MAY 12
-- Taiwan's Ennoconn, which is part of electronics maker Foxconn, to increase its stake in Austrian IT group S&T (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- French media group Vivendi to acquire de facto sole control of Italy's Telecom Italia (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline extended to May 12 from April 26)
MAY 15
-- Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Canada's Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSPIB) to jointly acquire a portfolio of office and retail properties in New Zealand which is now solely controlled by PSPIB (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm KKR and Spanish telecoms provider Telefonica tp acquire joint control of Spanish telecoms infrastructure provider Telxius (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- German conglomerate Peter Cremer Holding to acquire 50 percent of Koenig Transportgesellschaft from German logistics company HaGe Logistik GmbH (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
MAY 16
-- Volkswagen Financial Services to acquire 50.98 percent of German tank and service cards provide Logpay Transport Services from Logpay Financial Services (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
-- Finnish pension fund ELO Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Swedish peer Forsta AP-fonden to jointly acquire several Finnish property portfolio (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
MAY 18
-- French insurer Axa and French state-owned bank Caisse des Depots et Consignations to jointly acquire two commerical lots in a shopping centre (notified April 6/deadline May 18/simplified)
MAY 19
-- Italian cinema operator The Space Cinema, which is controlled by Vue International Holdco Ltd, and Italian peer UCI Italian S.p.A. which is part of Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group, to set up a joint venture (notified April 7/deadline May 19)
-- German industrial gas producer Linde and Russian power generation equipment maker PJSC Power Machines to set up a joint venture (notified April 7/deadline May 19/simplified)
-- U.S. packaging company WestRock to acquire U.S. peer Multi Packaging Solutions (notified April 7/deadline May 19)
-- Asset manager Ares Management L.P. and investment firm The Baupost Group to jointly acquire German shopping mall operator Prejan Enerprises Ltd (notified April 7/deadline May 19/simplified)
MAY 22
-- Investment firms Cinven Capital Management and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board to acquire joint control of Travel Holdings Parent Corporation (notified April 10/deadline May 22)
May 23
-- Private equity company KKR & Co. and Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec to acquire Onex Corp's USI Insurance Services (notified April 11/deadline May 23/sinplified)
MAY 24
-- Japan-based Zen-Noh to acquire a 33 percent stake in a Brazilian joint venture between French commodities trader Louis Dreyfus Company and Brazilian soy processor-exporter Amaggi (notified April 12/deadline May 24/simplified)
-- American healthcare company Johnson & Johnson to acquire Swiss biotech company Actelion (notified April 12/deadline May 24)
-- Investment company Nordic Capital to acquire credit management services company Intrum Justitia (notified April 12/deadline May 24)
MAY 29
-- French EDF to acquire equipment and fuel manufacturing company Areva (notified April 18/deadline May 29)
MAY 31
-- Manufacturing and technology company General Electric's Oil & Gas to acquire oilfield services company Baker Hughes (notified April 20/deadline May 31)
-- Investment companies TPG and Oaktree to take joint control over Britain's Iona Energy Co, which owns 75 percent of two undeveloped oil fields in the North Sea and that will be active in crude oil production and sale (notified April 20/deadline May 31/simplified)
JUNE 1
-- French aircraft engine and aerospace equipment company Safran and China Eastern Airlines Co. Ltd. to form joint venture to provide aircraft maintenance in China (notified April 21/deadline June 1/simplified)
-- Energy company Electricite de France, French state-owned bank Caisse des depots et consignations and Japan's Mitsubishi Corporation to create a joint venture NGM to finance electric mobility projects mainly in France (notified April 21/deadline June 1/simplified)
-- Wastewater company SGAB and Spanish infrastructure company Acciona to acquire 10 percent of Sociedad Concesionaria de la Zona Regable del Canal de Navarra (notified April 21/deadline June 1/simplified)
JUNE 2
-- Australian bank Macquarie and British pension fund Universities Superannuation Scheme to acquire Green Investment Bank (notified April 24/deadline June 2/simplified)
JUNE 7
-- German company CWS-Boco, which is part of German firm Haniel, to acquire some of British support services firm Rentokil's workwear and hygiene units (notified April 26/deadline June 7)
JUNE 8
-- German chemicals company Evonik Industries to acquire U.S. company J.M. Huber Corp's silica business (notified April 27/deadline June 8)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
The aftermath of an explosion that took place at a Coptic church on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
CAIRO Two Islamic State militants wearing suicide vests carried out the deadly church bombings in Egypt on Sunday that killed at least 44 people, the group said in a statement on Sunday that warned of future attacks.
The Alexandria bombing was carried out by an Islamic State militant it identified as Abu Al-Baraa Al-Masri, while the Tanta church bombing was carried out by an individual it named as Abu Ishaaq Al-Masri.
(Reporting by Mostafa Hashem; Writing by Eric Knecht; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Policemen and soldiers in the Paraguayan Congress are seen as lawmakers argued over a possible change in law that would allow President Horacio Cartes to run for re-election, in Asuncion, Paraguay March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
President of Paraguay's congress Roberto Acevedo speaks to the press as lawmakers argued over a possible change in law that would allow President Horacio Cartes to run for re-election, in Asuncion, Paraguay March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
President of Paraguay's congress Roberto Acevedo addresses the audience as lawmakers argued over a possible change in law that would allow President Horacio Cartes to run for re-election, in Asuncion, Paraguay March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Military personnel walk outside the Paraguayan Congress building where lawmakers argue over a possible change in law that would allow President Horacio Cartes to run for re-election, in Asuncion, Paraguay March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Paraguayan Senators Zulma Gomez (in blue), Senator Sixto Pereira (center R) and Juan Dario Monges (R top) are seen as lawmakers argue over a possible change in law that would allow President Horacio Cartes to run for re-election, in Asuncion, Paraguay March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
A view of the room is seen as lawmakers argue over a possible change in law that would allow President Horacio Cartes to run for re-election, in Asuncion, Paraguay March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
ASUNCION Security forces surrounded Paraguay's Congress on Tuesday while lawmakers argued over a possible change in law that would allow President Horacio Cartes to run for re-election, a move that the opposition says would weaken democratic institutions.
Hundreds took to the streets of the capital in opposition-led protests of the proposed change, though no incidents of violence were reported. Police remained outside the building well into the evening, and streets surrounding the Congress and presidential palace remained closed off.
A bill allowing presidents to run for a second five-year term was defeated in the legislature last year.
This week a group of senators asked for a special session that the opposition interpreted as the start of a new campaign by Cartes and their coalition to enable presidential re-election.
That request was formally rejected on Tuesday, but Senator Julio Cesar Velazquez, a Cartes ally, convened a special session anyway with a group of legislators. They approved procedural changes that could pave the way for allowing presidential re-election.
Opposition leaders labelled this a "parliamentary coup" and filed a complaint with the country's attorney general.
"We have to safeguard the republic," said Senator Blanca Ovelar, a member of Cartes' Colorado Party who has broken with the president. "This is a situation of institutional breakdown."
Soft drink and tobacco mogul Cartes was elected to a five-year term in 2013. Their strongest backers want them to be allowed to run for another term next year. Critics say a constitutional change aimed at benefiting a sitting president would be unfair.
The Inter-American Development bank is holding a regional meeting in Asuncion starting on Thursday. Security consultancies International SOS and Control Risks issued a statement warning conference goers to avoid the vicinity of the Congress building in case tensions escalate.
On Wednesday, thousands of subsistence farmers are expected to come to capital city Asuncion to lobby for agrarian reform. Protests in favour of more protections for small farmers are held at Congress every March.
(Writing by Hugh Bronstein and Luc Cohen; Editing by Richard Chang and Lisa Shumaker)
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
(Corrects last paragraph to show 12-month stock movement was "down 4.4 percent", not "up 82.5 percent")
April 5 Drugstore chain operator Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc, reported a surprise drop in quarterly sales, citing challenging market conditions in continental Europe, and as a strong dollar reduced the value of sales outside the United States.
The company also said on Wednesday it would repurchase $1 billion worth of shares till Dec. 31.
The largest U.S. drugstore chain, which has been waiting nearly a year and a half for regulatory approval to buy smaller rival Rite Aid Corp, did not provide an update on the deal.
Walgreens in January reduced its offer price to $6.50-$7.00 per share from $9.00, valuing Rite Aid at $6.84 billion-$7.37 billion, and said it expects the deal to close on July 31.
The average value of the dollar has risen 3.3 percent against a basket of currencies in the three months ended February.
Walgreens said sales from its international business fell 14.5 percent to $3.1 billion. Sales in its wholesale business, which also has operations in Europe, fell 10.6 percent to $5 billion.
Net income attributable to the company, rose to $1.06 billion, or 98 cents per share, in the second quarter ended Feb. 28, from $930 million, or 85 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company reported a profit of $1.36 per share, in line with the average analyst estimate, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Net sales fell to $29.45 billion from $30.18 billion a year earlier. Analysts on average had expected sales to remain flat.
The company's shares, which are down 4.4 percent in the last 12 months as of Tuesday's close, were down 1.2 percent in premarket trading. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Former West Indian cricketer Viv Richards looks on from the sidelines during the third cricket test match between England and West Indies at Edgbaston cricket ground in Birmingham June 9, 2012. REUTERS/Philip Brown
MUMBAI Batting great Viv Richards has slammed "arrogant" Caribbean administrators for thinking they are as important as players and has laid the blame for the decline of West Indies cricket firmly at their door.
West Indies were world beaters in the 1970s and 1980s when Richards was in their pomp but are no longer among the top sides in the test and 50-over formats.
They have failed to qualify for June's Champions Trophy, where the top eight one-day international sides will compete, and also risk missing out on an automatic berth for the 2019 World Cup.
From Friday, West Indies host Pakistan in a three-ODI series that could prove crucial to their hopes of an automatic World Cup berth but most of their best players will be taking part in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
"When you have an arrogant administrative unit, guys are going to pick and choose," Richards told ESPNcricinfo in an interview.
"We must remember that many of the players come from humble backgrounds.
"I have no qualms in saying this, some of these administrators think they are as important as the players on the field. They are not."
The top seven teams and hosts England have direct berths at the 2019 World Cup with the cut-off date being the end of September. West Indies are currently ranked ninth and risk having to play the qualifiers.
A number of high-profile players have declined the West Indies Cricket Board's (WICB) central contract in the last few years, plying their trade in T20 tournaments across the globe.
"I think it is a bigger issue than about the guys playing in our domestic competition," Richards added.
"Most of the guys played there when they first started out, that's what they wanted to do.
"But when you get an administration who thinks that they are the most important entity where West Indies cricket is concerned, they better wake up."
The 65-year-old, the most destructive batsman of their era, hit 24 hundreds in 121 tests in the glory days of Caribbean cricket.
They think the current situation might not be terminal if former players can be brought back into the fold.
"I am one of those individuals that never says," Richards said. "I believe if we start having a little bit more respect for the individuals who would have helped the administrators into that administrative position.
"You have a Michael Holding, who refuses to be part of cricket in the region because of the behaviour of members at the administrative level.
"It hurts because we are the ones that are the trailblazers, not the ones who have come on the scene at present wanting to be administrators. We are the ones who made it attractive enough for them to administer and they have done a lousy job."
(Writing by Sudipto Ganguly; editing by xx)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Amgen Inc:
* Amgen and Harvard Pilgrim agree to first cardiovascular outcomes-based refund contract for repatha (evolocumab)
* Amgen - contract provides Harvard Pilgrim with a rebate for cost of repatha for an eligible patient who has a heart attack or stroke while on repatha Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TRIPOLI Rival Libyan camps issued separate statements on Wednesday promising to calm tensions in southern Libya and fight terrorism, but offering no shared way forward for a political deal to unify the North African country.
The statements came a day after intense diplomatic pressure resulted in a meeting in Abu Dhabi between eastern-based commander Khalifa Haftar and the head of the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli, Fayez Seraj.
Haftar is the key figure for eastern factions that, frustrating international efforts to end Libya's conflict, spurned Seraj's Government of National Accord (GNA) after it was established in the capital last year.
There was no direct mention in the statement from Seraj of plans reported by pro-Haftar media on Tuesday to restructure the unity government and hold fresh elections next year.
A source close to the GNA leadership said the two sides had initially tried to agree on a joint statement before deciding to issue separate declarations.
Conflicting accounts of initial agreements and leaks of documents neither side signed have in the past confused international mediation and negotiations to end the conflict in Libya, which fell into factional fighting in the years after a 2011 civil war ousted Muammar Gaddafi.
The statement issued by Seraj's office said the meeting with Haftar had been held in order "to achieve a peaceful settlement for the Libyan crisis" and called for "an expanded dialogue to establish national consensus".
It stressed the need for "upholding the goals of the February revolution" against Gaddafi, building up an army under civilian control, combating terrorism, defusing an escalation of violence in the south and "taking all measures that guarantee the peaceful hand-over of power".
Haftar commands the eastern-based Libyan National Army (LNA) and casts themselves as a military leader capable of defeating Islamist extremism and bringing Libya's numerous militias to heel.
Their opponents fear they are seeking to reestablish authoritarian rule in Libya, and say they will fight to defend the 2011 revolution.
A statement carried by eastern, pro-Haftar media focussed on protecting the army and mentioned "the need to work to address the proliferation of armed formations".
It also said amendments to the U.N.-mediated deal that resulted in the creation of the GNA in late 2015 had been discussed, without giving details.
Like the 2015 deal, any roadmap agreed by Seraj and Haftar could face opposition from armed and political factions on the ground.
Those factions have grouped in shifting and complex alliances as rival camps have fought for power and a share of the Libya's oil wealth over the past three years.
(Reporting by Aidan Lewis in Tunis, Ahmed Elumami in Tripoli and Ayman al-Warfalli in Benghazi; editing by Patrick Markey, John Stonestreet and Toby Davis)
LONDON Media reports that the European Commission is rushing out proposals to regulate clearing houses in London are speculation, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesperson said on Tuesday.
The European Commission is expected to publish proposals for the regulation of derivatives markets this week, but banking industry officials have said attempts to potentially curb clearing of euro-denominated contracts in Britain after Brexit have been put back to at least the end of June.
"This is speculation, it has come up before," the spokesperson told reporters after being asked about a report in the Financial Times that the European Commission was trying to regulate clearing houses in the city of London.
"London is a global financial capital and it's in the interests not just of the UK but of the EU that it remains so."
(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper, Writing by Kylie MacLellan)
MILAN, April 5 Telecom Italia's Chief Executive Flavio Cattaneo plans to keep their current job at the Italian phone group regardless of whom shareholders choose to appoint as its next chairperson, the top executive said on Wednesday.
Cattaneo made the remarks after a report said they could decide to leave if top shareholder Vivendi pushed for the French group's CEO Arnaud de Puyfontaine to become Telecom Italia's chairperson with at least the same powers held by current Chairman Giuseppe Recchi.
Telecom Italia's board comes up for renewal in May.
"I will remain regardless of the chairperson that shareholders decide to pick as I'm sure they will put me in a position to work well," Cattaneo said on the sidelines of an event in Rome, according to comments emailed by a spokesperson.
They added there were no disagreements with shareholders, including Vivendi, and that they all shared a common vision for the company's strategy.
Sources have said Vivendi is considering putting de Puyfontaine forward as Telecom Italia's next chairperson, potentially aggravating concerns about the French group's growing influence over Italian companies. (Reporting by Agnieszka Flak, editing by Valentina Za)
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) " As Bill Cosby awaits a verdict in their sexual assault case in Pennsylvania, the comedian's civil lawyers are fighting civil lawsuits against them by 10 women around the country.
Currently, seven women have defamation suits pending in Massachusetts, while three more have defamation or sexual battery suits pending in California. Cosby has denied any wrongdoing.
The criminal case against Cosby partly stems from the accuser's related civil lawsuit. Prosecutors reopened a criminal investigation and filed charges in 2015 after Cosby's deposition in the woman's 2005 lawsuit was unsealed, and they realized the 12-year statute of limitations for felony sexual assault had not yet expired.
A recap of the pending civil cases:
Advertisement
___
CALIFORNIA
Cosby is being sued in Los Angeles by Judy Huth, who accuses the comedian of forcing them to perform a sex act on them in a bedroom of the Playboy Mansion around 1974, when they were 15. A trial date may be set later this month for the sexual battery case. Cosby has given a sealed deposition in the case. Huth's lawyer, Gloria Allred, says the scheduling of a second deposition is on hold because of the criminal trial.
Chloe Goins, a former model who claims Cosby drugged and sexually abused them at the Playboy Mansion in 2008, is also suing the comedian on sexual battery and other claims. Prosecutors rejected filing a case against Cosby based on Goins' allegations, which they said investigators could not corroborate. A judge recently denied Cosby's motion to dismiss the case and a trial has been scheduled for June 2018.
The comedian also faces a defamation lawsuit by model Janice Dickinson, who claims Cosby drugged and raped them in Lake Tahoe, California, in 1982. Cosby is appealing a ruling allowing Dickinson's case to proceed.
___
MASSACHUSETTS
Seven women are suing Cosby for defamation in separate lawsuits pending in Massachusetts, where Cosby has a home in Shelburne Falls. They say they sexually abused them decades ago, and then defamed them after they went public by having their agents deny the claims and brand them liars.
An eighth woman had withdrawn their lawsuit. And a federal judge dismissed a ninth accuser's case, finding their complaint inadequate.
The remaining plaintiffs are Tamara Green, Therese Serignese, Linda Traitz, Louisa Moritz, Barbara Bowman, Joan Tarshis and Angela Leslie. Cosby is seeking to have their cases dismissed. Serignese and Bowman have been attending the criminal trial near Philadelphia.
DORTMUND, Germany, Aug 12 (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Saturday rejected a proposal made by their Social Democrat rivals to introduce quotas for electric cars in Europe, arguing the implementation of such targets would prove too complicated.
Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz, Merkel's main challenger in the Sept. 24 national election, on Friday called for such a quota - both in Germany and across the European Union, saying it would encourage industry to innovate.
"I don't think that the quota for E-cars - for this technology - has been well thought out," Merkel told supporters of their conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the party's employers' arm in the western city of Dortmund.
"Then we would negotiate for ages in Europe. What would we do if it is not adhered to?" they added of the quota. "Could petrol engine cars no longer be bought?"
Instead, Merkel called for a bigger strategy for helping the auto industry make the transition to producing electric cars.
"We need to innovate quickly," they said. "Where companies can't manage it alone, the government must stand behind them and shove things along."
The auto industry is Germany's biggest exporter and provides about 800,000 jobs. But politicians fear Germany's carmakers are failing to invest enough in new technology and infrastructure - concerns that have been mounting since the Volkswagen emissions scandal broke in 2015.
Merkel, whose CDU leads rival parties in opinion polls, is campaigning for a fourth term in office on a platform of economic stability. They have repeatedly warned against "demonising" diesel engines.
Them conservatives have promised tax cuts worth some 15 billion euros ($17.72 billion) annually as well as increased spending on infrastructure, defence and security. ($1 = 0.8463 euros)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
April 20 Navios Maritime Partners Lp:
* Navios Maritime Partners L.P. agrees to acquire 14-vessel container fleet from rickmers maritime
* Navios Maritime Partners Lp - deal for about $113.0 million
* Navios Maritime Partners Lp - anticipate acquiring five 4,250 teu vessels on May 15, 2017
* Navios Maritime Partners Lp - acquisition is being financed through a $20 million equity investment by co and a secured loan facility under discussion
* Navios Maritime Partners Lp - announced today that it has agreed to acquire entire container fleet of rickmers maritime
* Navios Maritime - 5 vessels to be acquired are employed on charters having staggered expirations in 2018, early 2019 at net daily charter rate of $26,850
* Navios Maritime Partners -co will acquire vessels though unit, a third party has option to acquire up to 25 pct equity in unit, based on allocated cost
* Navios Maritime Partners Lp - acquired vessels are expected to be delivered starting May 15, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The musician and multimedia artist has created an immersive experience designed to make people aware of their implicit biases. It's called "The Institute Presents: NEUROSOCIETY."
Read the full story at KQED.
LONDON, STOKE CITY 0 WEST HAM UNITED 0
Stoke City and West Ham United both edged towards Premier League survival after Saturday's action-packed 0-0 draw kept them well clear of the relegation struggle below them.
Goalkeepers at both ends shone as Stoke's Jack Butland kept out two efforts by West Ham's Ghana forward Andrew Ayew, notably a spectacular overhead kick in the 36th minute, while they also thwarted Manuel Lanzini.
West Ham's Spanish shot-stopper Adrian denied Marko Arnautovic, Saido Berahino and Xherdan Shaqiri, the latter also missing Stoke's best chance of the match when they dragged their shot wide from close range.
Stoke piled on the pressure in the closing stages as they started whipping inviting crosses into West Ham's penalty area but the visitors held firm to stretch their unbeaten run to four games, albeit three of them draws.
(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic; Editing by Neville Dalton)
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
FILE PHOTO: People wait in line to attend TechFair LA, a technology job fair, in Los Angeles, California, U.S., January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
U.S. companies added 263,000 workers in March, the most since December 2014, suggesting further tightening of the labor market, payrolls processor ADP said on Wednesday.
Strong job gains in the coming months will likely add upward pressure on wages, supporting the Federal Reserve's view for at least two more interest rate increases by the end of 2017.
"The labor market is tight and it will get tighter," said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics which jointly developed the ADP National Employment Report.
ADP's March figure easily beat the median forecast of 187,000 increase among economists surveyed by Reuters.
Private payroll gains in the month earlier were revised down to 245,000 from the originally reported 298,000.
The ADP figures come ahead of the U.S. Labor Department's more comprehensive non-farm payrolls report on Friday, which includes both public and private-sector employment.
Economists polled by Reuters are looking for U.S. private payroll employment to have grown by 175,000 jobs in March, down from 227,000 the month before. Total non-farm employment is expected to have risen by 180,000.
The unemployment rate is forecast to stay steady at the 4.7 percent recorded a month earlier.
Wage growth has been running at a 2.5-3.0 percent year-over-year pace, which is modest by historical standards, Zandi said.
One factor that may lead to faster wage gains is the uncertainty on immigration policy. Stricter immigration as proposed by the Trump administration would reduce labor supply, forcing employers to compete for workers.
"The labor shortage might be exacerbated by immigration issues," Zandi said.
If immigration were cut in half, that could choke off domestic labor growth which is currently running at 3-4 percent a year, according to Zandi.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Chizu Nomiyama)
A man walks past the Bank of England in the City of London, in London, Britain September 28, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON Britain-based banks should take steps to ensure they do not have to curb lending suddenly if the country leaves the European Union in a disorderly way, the Bank of England said on Monday as Prime Minister Theresa May prepares to start Brexit talks.
May has said they are prepared to walk away from the Brexit talks with no deal if only bad terms are offered, and the government has said it is making contingency plans for this "unlikely" scenario.
BoE Governor Mark Carney said in January that the Brexit process was a bigger financial stability risk to EU countries whose businesses relied on raising finance via London than it was to Britain itself.
Just two days before May formally notifies the EU that Britain wants to start two years of exit talks, the BoE asked banks to provide copies of contingency plans to reassure it that they are ready for "a range of possible outcomes".
"Risks to financial stability will be influenced by the orderliness of the adjustment to the new relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union," the BoE's Financial Policy Committee said in its quarterly policy statement.
Carney has said both Britain and the rest of the EU would benefit from a transitional period after Brexit when British-based banks could continue to serve clients elsewhere in Europe on broadly similar terms as at present.
But many banks operating out of London fear they will lose easy access to the EU's single market. Some like Goldman Sachs (GS.N) have already said they will beef up their presence in continental Europe.
The central bank's Financial Policy Committee is asking lenders to show how they can avoid their continental customers being abruptly cut off after Brexit, which could also damage the British economy.
"Sudden adjustment could disrupt the provision of market liquidity and investment banking services," the BoE said.
Longer-term changes to bank business models after Brexit - as well as more complex legal structures - could reduce the resilience of the UK financial system.
Kirsty Barnes, a partner at law firm Gowling WLG, said Britain-based banks could face major restrictions if they did not achieve preferential access to the EU.
"Banks will either have to shift certain operations or business units to the EU or we will see the closure of lines of business and products due to the increased costs or associated inefficiencies that may arise," they said.
ROBUST RULES
The BoE said it was launching a review into consumer lending standards. While unsecured consumer lending is not a big part of British banks' activity, it could bring heavy losses and the BoE said it was growing particularly rapidly.
The FPC also set out the scenario for this year's annual stress tests of top lenders.
For the first time, they face a biennial parallel 'exploratory' test of their ability to cope with latent risks outside the usual financial cycle. The cyclical test covers a five-year period of shocks, while the exploratory version will span seven years.
The BoE said this month the outlook for global economic growth had improved, partly due to market expectations of tax cuts and looser regulation in the United States.
U.S. President Donald Trump has ordered a review of banking rules - many based on global standards - saying they hamper lending.
The FPC said it would apply "robust" capital rules and if there was not consistent cooperation from other countries' supervisors it would need to "assess how best to protect the resilience of the UK financial system".
The committee has set a target for banks to have an aggregate Tier 1 capital buffer of 13.5 percent, versus an actual 15.1 percent last December.
The FPC said the target will be reviewed in light of a new rule from January 2018 requiring banks to set money aside far sooner to cover possible loan defaults, and for refinements at the global level to how banks add up risks from loans. A more accurate system of adding up risks could even prompt the BoE to lower the aggregate target.
(This corrected version of the story removes comparison between risks of consumer credit and buy to let lending in paragraph 13).
(Editing by Hugh Lawson)
May 2 Sovereign Trust Insurance Plc :
* Q1 gross premiums written 4.14 bln naira vs 2.33 bln naira year ago
* Q1 profit before tax 488.5 mln naira vs 241.1 mln naira year ago Source: bit.ly/2pSda7y Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
A logo is pictured on a branch of the Credit Suisse bank in Bern, Switzerland April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) said its CEO and board of directors has proposed a reduction in performance awards by 40 percent.
The bank said on Thursday that the board has proposed to reduce the long-term incentive awards for 2017 and short-term incentive award for 2016 by 40 percent each. (bit.ly/2oEJlG2)
The bank's board also proposed to maintain total board pay at the same level for 2015 and 2016, with no increase in pay for 2017.
(Reporting by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
A flotilla of boats is blocking the shipping lane of Tauranga Harbour.
In a statement, Ngai Te Rangi iwi said the protesters signalled to the port authorities they would not give way to any commercial vessel attempting to cross their lines.
The flotilla controller also signalled that recreational boats will not be impeded.
The protest was not aimed at the Port of Tauranga, the statement said, but aimed to assure the Prime Minister and Minister of Treaty Negotiations that Ngai Te Rangi would not accept any Crown deal giving rights to Tauranga Moana to a Hauraki collective of iwi and hapu.
Advertisement
In the statement, Ngai Te Rangi claimed Treaty Negotiations Minister Chris Finlayson was pushing through a secret deal that would give those rights to the Hauraki iwi collective.
Further action was planned for Saturday June 17.
Ngai Te Rangi planned long term protests and is setting up a base camp on Matakana Island.
A reporter at Pilot Bay said a waka in the harbour had failed to stop a ship entering the port.
A spokesperson for Minister for Treaty of Waitangi Negotiations Chris Finlayson told the Bay of Plenty Times there had been no secret deal.
"It is simply wrong. No secret deal has been made."
The spokesperson said proposed arrangements for the Tauranga Moana Governance Group, part of the Tauranga Moana Framework, provided for four seats for Tauranga Moana iwi (this includes Ngai Te Rangi), one seat for iwi of Hauraki (and any other iwi with recognised interests in the Tauranga Moana catchment) and five seats for local government.
The Waitangi Tribunal confirmed in 2004 that iwi of Hauraki had customary interests in Tauranga Moana, particularly in the Te Puna and Katikati area, the spokesperson said.
"The Minister also understands there are rumours of a deed signing for Pare Hauraki. No date has been set for any such signing. Officials informed Tauranga iwi of that fact last week."
The Hauraki Collective Redress Deed, which was initialled in December, is available to view online at https://www.govt.nz/treaty-settlement-documents/hauraki/.
(Adds comment, detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, April 20 London copper rose on Thursday but was mired near its lowest for the year after China's refined production surged in March, underlining ample stocks in the world's biggest metals consumer. China's refined copper output rose 8.5 percent in March from a year ago to its highest since at least December 2015. "The emergence of opportunistic buying should see the recent selloff in metal markets come to an end," ANZ said in a report. * LME COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange was up 0.5 percent at $5,585 a tonne by 0252 GMT, after closing slightly lower in the previous session when prices hit the weakest since early January at $5,530 a tonne. * SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper slipped by 0.4 percent to 45,460 yuan ($6,602) a tonne. * CHINA OUTPUT: China's refined copper output rose 8.5 percent in March from a year ago to 764,000 tonnes, its highest since at least December 2015, while aluminium and iron ore output levels were the lowest in months, according to the National Statistics Bureau. * NICKEL: Short-dated nickel contracts have surged this week, reflecting a lack of immediately available supply. Nickel for tomorrow next day (tom/next) delivery traded as high as $10 this week and $7.50 last, the highest since December CMNIT-O. * U.S. PROPERTY: U.S. mortgage application activity fell last week despite a decline in borrowing costs on 30-year home loans to their lowest levels in nearly five months, Mortgage Bankers Association data released on Wednesday showed. * JAPAN ECONOMY: Confidence among Japanese manufacturers has risen for an eighth straight month to a level not seen since before the 2008 global financial crisis, a Reuters survey found, reflecting output and export gains led by overseas economic recovery. * INVESTORS: Total global commodity assets under management (AUM) fell to $277 billion in March from $282 billion the month before, Barclays said in a note. * RIO TINTO: Rio Tinto cut its copper guidance to 500,000-550,000 tonnes from as much as 665,000 tonnes as a result of a strike at the Escondida mine in Chile and the curtailment of production at the Grasberg mine in Indonesia. MARKETS: Asian stocks may slip for a second consecutive day on Thursday as a weak Wall Street and declining commodity prices, especially for oil, prompted investors to trim their exposure to risky assets. PRICES BASE METALS PRICES 0249 GMT Three month LME copper 5583 Most active ShFE copper 45330 Three month LME aluminium 1914 Most active ShFE aluminium 14160 Three month LME zinc 2545.5 Most active ShFE zinc 21120 Three month LME lead 2140.5 Most active ShFE lead 16000 Three month LME nickel 9410 Most active ShFE nickel 78760 Three month LME tin 19720 Most active ShFE tin 140480 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 374.89 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1172.89 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 206.19 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -1741.81 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1703.77 ($1 = 6.8860 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri and Subhranshu Sahu)
PARIS, March 29 Laurent Fabius, the French politician who chaired talks on a landmark, global climate change deal in 2015, on Wednesday denounced moves by U.S. President Donald Trump to undo Obama-era climate change regulations.
"The initial decisions from the new U.S. president's administration concerning the battle against global warming constitute a very serious step backwards," Fabius said in a statement.
Fabius added that such moves were contrary to measures adopted in the December 2015 agreement, known as the COP21 accord.
On Tuesday, Trump signed an order to scrap those Obama-era climate change regulations, keeping a campaign promise to support the coal industry and calling into question U.S. support for an international deal to fight global warming. (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
NEW YORK Tesla Inc (TSLA.O), the U.S. luxury electric carmaker, said on Sunday first-quarter vehicle deliveries jumped 69 percent from a year ago to a quarterly record of 25,000 vehicles, bouncing back from delays in the previous quarter.
The company said of the total vehicles delivered, about 13,450 were Model S sedan and about 11,550 were Model X sports utility vehicle.
WATCH: Tencent deal boosts Tesla's China hopes
Tesla has said it expects to deliver 47,000 to 50,000 Model S and Model X vehicles combined in the first half of 2017.
In the fourth quarter, deliveries had fallen 9.4 percent due to short-term production hurdles from the transition to a new autopilot hardware.
Tesla had said production challenges, which started at the end of October and lasted through early December, shifted vehicle production towards the end of the fourth quarter, resulting in delayed deliveries.
RECOMMENDED: Batteries included as Hyundai amps up electric car ambitions
Ultimately, about 2,750 vehicles were missed being counted as deliveries in the fourth quarter either due to last-minute delays in transport or because the customer was unable to physically take delivery.
In addition to the first quarter deliveries, about 4,650 vehicles were in transit to customers at the end of the quarter and will be counted as deliveries in the second quarter, Tesla said in a statement on Sunday.
Production in the first quarter also hit a quarterly record at 25,418 vehicles.
Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk has taken big risks repeatedly since going public in 2010, but investors got spooked after they said in February the electric car company could get "close to the edge" as it burns cash ahead of its crucial Model 3 launch.
China's Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK) bought a 5 percent stake in Tesla last week for $1.78 billion, providing the company with a deep-pocketed ally as it prepares to launch its mass-market Model 3.
The midsize, high-volume Model 3 sedan is due to go on sale later this year in the United States.
Shares of Tesla closed up slightly at $278.30 on Friday on the Nasdaq and have soared more than 30 percent so far this year.
(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in New York; Editing by Sandra Maler)
On Sunday, the Santa Barbara Front Country Trails Multi-Jurisdictional Program will partner with the Santa Barbara Mountain Trail Volunteers, the Multi-Use Trails Coalition and REI to host a trail work project on Lower Tunnel Trail in celebration of National Public Lands Day.
The Santa Barbara Front Country Trails are managed jointly by the City of Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara County and the U.S. Forest Service.
National Public Lands Day is the nation's largest, single-day volunteer event for public lands in the United States. NPLD began in 1994 with three sites and 700 volunteers. Last year, 170,000 volunteers worked at more than 2,080 sites throughout the country. NLPD has been an important event for Santa Barbara trails for many years, and volunteers are key to the success of Santa Barbara trails.
The Tunnel Trail work event will include cutting back brush that is growing over the trail and improving water control structures to reduce the potential for erosion during the winter rain season. The work event will be held from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. All volunteers will meet at the Lower Tunnel Trail Gate at the end of Tunnel Road at 9 a.m. Cyclists are encouraged to ride to the trailhead. Carpooling is also highly encouraged. Volunteers who would like to join a carpool will meet at the Santa Barbara Mission Historical Park and Rose Garden at 8:30 a.m. Volunteers will return to the park around 2 p.m. for a picnic sponsored by the Santa Barbara Chicken Ranch. All experience levels are invited to participate.
.
Volunteers are asked to wear sturdy shoes and long pants to protect from poison oak. They should also bring water, sunscreen, a hat and a snack. Bike helmets and gloves are helpful but will also be provided on site. All tools will be provided.
For more information about the trail work event, contact Kerry Kellogg of the Los Padres National Forest at 805.967.3481 or Chris Orr of the Santa Barbara Mountain Trail Volunteers at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Jill Zachary is the assistant director of the City of Santa Barbara Parks & Recreation Department.
April 3 Arizona Mining Inc
* Arizona Mining reports 42% after-tax IRR from preliminary economic assessment, upgraded resource and production target of 2020
* Arizona Mining - based on current projections, company is targeting first production from a proposed 10,000 ton per day operation in 2020
* Arizona Mining - Hermosa project has been approved to progress to feasibility stage
* Arizona Mining Inc - "With relatively low capex and a very robust IRR", goal will be to fund Hermosa project with little to no equity Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A tramper has been airlifted from the Kahurangi National Park after becoming stuck precariously under a steep bank after a fall.
The man activated their locater beacon between Mt Dommet and Ugly River at around 6.30pm yesterday.
Crews from the Nelson-Marlborough Rescue Helicopter say the man slipped while tramping on a higher bank and became stuck precariously on a rock.
(Recasts headline, adds context, link)
By Alexandra Ulmer
March 31 The sight of Venezuela's National Assembly president tearing up a Supreme Court ruling and warning foreign firms against making deals with the leftist government will no doubt resonate in international boardrooms.
The ruling ripped up by Congress head Julio Borges on Thursday was designed to allow President Nicolas Maduro to create oil ventures without congressional approval, easing investment in the cash-strapped country's floundering oil industry.
And it may well facilitate deals with companies including Russia oil major Rosneft, which Reuters reported earlier this month had been offered a stake in an oil joint venture with Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA as part of a broader deal with Caracas' key ally.
But the ensuing muddy legal framework and international outcry is likely to further raise anxiety levels at foreign oil companies already nervous about buying oil field stakes in Venezuela because of the country's shaky finances, as well as stricter regulatory scrutiny at home, according to oil executives, lawyers, and other industry sources.
Under the Venezuelan constitution, Congress must approve contracts of "national public interest" with foreign companies. But the Supreme Court just ruled Congress does not have a say over joint ventures anymore, while lawmakers retort the top court is illegitimate, creating a legal maze.
That bodes poorly for Venezuela's ravaged economy, which depends on oil shipments for over 90 percent of its export revenue as millions skip meals due to food shortages and roaring inflation.
"This complicates any investment decision," said a Caracas-based source at a foreign oil company that partners with PDVSA, asking to remain anonymous because the person was not allowed to speak to media.
Still, Russia is becoming an increasingly crucial financier for isolated Maduro at a time when many other foreign companies were already reluctant to pour money into Venezuela given the poor business climate and debts.
And should Venezuela manage to pull off further sales or loans with Rosneft, that could help Venezuela make some $2.5 billion in bond payments due in April and shoulder other operational costs.
But while Venezuela may receive a short term boost from the decision, in the long-term foreign oil companies will likely be stymied from potential further investments in the country with the world's biggest crude reserves.
PDVSA and the oil ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Rosneft declined to comment, as did U.S. major Chevron Corp, which has four joint venture operations with PDVSA.
Spain's Repsol, which last year extended a $1.2 billion credit line to bolster a joint venture it has with PDVSA, also declined to comment.
Other foreign oil companies operating in Venezuela, including state-run China National Petroleum Corp, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
SPOOKED INVESTORS
But for the low-profile foreign oil companies which remain in Venezuela despite a wave of nationalizations and company exits, the Supreme Court ruling is another worry amid complex currency controls, a brain drain, and out-of-control crime.
Many companies were already concerned about Venezuela's legal framework after the opposition took control of the National Assembly in January 2016 and warned oil majors that investment deals affecting national interest required their approval.
When Rosneft bought a stake in the Petromonagas joint venture early last year, the National Assembly slammed the purchase as "illegal" because it bypassed the legislature. Rosneft responded that the deal was legal.
And, bucking international condemnation of what Maduro opponents have called a slide into dictatorship, Moscow on Friday urged the world to leave Venezuela alone.
"External forces should not add fuel to the fire to the conflict inside Venezuela," the Russian government said.
Some companies may also be betting that they would have enough muscle to negotiate with a hypothetical opposition-led government in the future to "legalize" any purchases made without the congressional green light, sources say.
But the recent Supreme Court move is unlikely to assuage the fears of foreign partners who have strict internal compliance and legal guidelines, especially as protests and international condemnation grow.
"This doesn't solve the problem," said Francisco Monaldi, fellow in Latin American energy policy at the Baker Institute in Houston.
"It might for the Russians, but I doubt an international company would dare do anything here. This can definitely put a brake on the creation of new joint ventures." (Additional reporting by Corina Pons in Caracas and Vladimir Soldatkin in Moscow; editing by Girish Gupta and Marguerita Choy)
SINGAPORE, March 28 Chevron has started production of liquefied natural gas (LNG) from the third of three production units at the Gorgon LNG project in Australia, the company said on Tuesday.
Chevron is the operator of the $54 billion project that has a total of three production trains with a combined capacity of 15.6 million tonnes per annum of production capacity.
First production of the supercooled fuel from Gorgon began in March last year. (Reporting by Mark Tay; Editing by Richard Pullin)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Liam Messam of New Zealand scores a try during their international rugby union match against Wales at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff November 24, 2012. REUTERS/Toby Melville
WELLINGTON All Blacks flanker Liam Messam will become the eighth player to make 150 Super Rugby appearances when the Waikato Chiefs face South Africa's Bulls in Hamilton on Saturday.
The 33-year-old Messam will become the sixth New Zealand player to reach the milestone.
Australian captain Stephen Moore and former Wallabies lock Nathan Sharpe are the only non-New Zealand players to surpass the mark.
"It's a special occasion for Liam, their whanau (family) and our club this Saturday when they run out for their 150th game for the Chiefs," coach Dave Rennie said in a statement on Thursday.
"It's great to be able to honour Liam at home, a place where they have received massive support from Chiefs fans since 2006."
Former All Blacks hooker Keven Mealamu holds the record for Super Rugby appearances with 175, though Canterbury Crusaders prop Wyatt Crockett is likely to surpass that mark this year having played 173 times for the Christchurch-based side.
The Crusaders face the New South Wales Waratahs in Sydney on Sunday.
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by John O'Brien)
(Updates with comments about renovation works)
ST PETERSBURG, Russia, April 6 A loud bang heard on Thursday in a St Petersburg residential building was caused by renovation works and no one has been injured, rescue workers and local city administration told Reuters.
The explosion happened close to the site in St Petersburg where explosives were found earlier in the day, Reuters witnesses said.
A vehicle was damaged by falling masonry, news agency RIA earlier reported, citing a source in Russia's emergencies ministry. (Reporting by Polina Nikolskaya and Vladimir Soldatkin, writing by Sujata Rao)
LONDON The FA council unanimously approved on Monday a package of governance reforms put forward by chairperson Greg Clarke that will see more women appointed to the board of the English soccer body and term limits imposed.
A Football Association spokesperson said the proposals, which include an expansion of the council to bring more diversity, would now go to the annual general meeting of shareholders for final approval on May 18.
Only one woman, Heather Rabbatts, now sits on the board and the changes have been criticised by some as not going far enough.
Anti-discrimination group Kick It Out said last month that the reforms were "a sham" that still failed to give sufficient representation to minority groups.
Former FA chairperson David Bernstein has said the soccer body risks missing an opportunity for real change and could end up with a "fudged compromise".
Clarke previously threatened to quit if the proposals were not approved.
British Sports Minister Tracey Crouch warned in February that the FA was in danger of losing 30 million pounds ($37.29 million) of public funding and that legislation could be brought in to force change.
The FA has proposed reducing its board from 12 to 10 members and increasing the number of women on it to three by 2018.
Nobody will be allowed to serve more than three terms of three years, and 11 new members will be added to the 120-strong FA Council "to ensure it better reflects the inclusive and diverse nature of English football".
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin; editing by Mark Heinrich)
SEOUL, May 4 South Korea's foreign exchange reserves rose to $376.57 billion in April from $375.30 billion a month earlier, the central bank said on Thursday, their second highest level on record. The foreign exchange reserves in April rose by $1.27 billion in April, bringing total reserves to the highest level since the all-time high of $377.77 billion was hit in September 2016. The Bank of Korea attributed the rise to gains from reserve portfolio management and a fall in dollar against Asian currencies during the month, which increased the value of assets held in other currencies when converted. South Korea has the world's eighth largest foreign exchange reserves as of April this year. South Korean foreign reserves (in $ bln, at month-end, rounded): April March Feb Jan Dec Nov Oct Sept 376.57 375.30 373.91 374.04 371.10 371.99 375.17 377.77 (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Bank of Finland Governor Erkki Liikanen speaks during a press briefing on the release of the latest issue of the Euro & talous (Euro and Economy) journal in Helsinki, Finland March 15, 2012. REUTERS/Lehtikuva/Antti Aimo-Koivisto
HELSINKI The European Central Bank needs to maintain its policy commitments and its guidance on interest rates is appropriate, Bank of Finland Governor Erkki Liikanen said on Thursday.
"Our commitment to forward guidance remains," Liikanen told a news conference. "The consistency of our monetary policy and communication has been clear... and it has worked ...We need to keep our commitment intact."
The ECB has pledged to keep interest rates at their current or lower levels until well after it is done buying government bonds.
But certain policymakers have questioned this stance, with some arguing that the ECB should remove a reference to lower rates and others suggesting rates might start rising sooner.
(Reporting by Tuomas Forsell; Writing by Balazs Koranyi; editing by John Stonestreet)
May 2 MTG AB
* MTG increases ownership in online games developer InnoGames
* Says invests EUR 82.6 million to increase shareholding in innogames
* Says invests to increase shareholding in InnoGames from 21% to 51%
* Investment based on the same enterprise value of EUR 260 million for 100% of the business as for the original investment
* Says will fully consolidate InnoGames with effect from May 1 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Midlands Police faced questions from angry parents after schools across the Midlands were targeted by bomb hoaxers .
Mums and dads asked why the force had not listed the schools which received the alerts on Monday in a statement it issued on Facebook.
Walsall College was among the sites affected. It tweeted that staff and students were required to leave all campuses.
West Midlands Police said only that the decision on whether to evacuate remained with headteachers and it supported "whatever they decide in this difficult situation".
But, writing on Facebook, Matty Knight posted: "Wouldn't it be fair to list the schools so parents can make a decision on whether they think it's “false and malicious” rather than take somebody else's word for it?"
Nik Baldry posted: "West Midlands Police this is a really clumsy post.
"You've basically just told parents that there is a potential threat to their children, but not clarified which schools, then told us all it's probably hearsay.
"If it was probably hearsay why have you put it in social media? Nothing like a scaremongering post on a Monday morning."
Clare Stone said: "So you now have the whole of the West Midlands panicking if their children, some as young as 4 as safe at school! You need to name the schools, so as parents, WE can decide if our children are safe!"
Kirsty Brown posted: "West Midlands Police this is really bad of you, you have every parent in West Midlands scared now. You should have listed the schools!!!!!!"
The West Midlands Police statement said: "Enquiries continue this afternoon to establish the facts and we continue to work tirelessly to investigate who is responsible.
"We take hoaxes extremely seriously. They cause disruption and alarm to the public as well as diverting police resources.
"We're working closely with local education authorities to keep them updated with our investigation.
"The decision about whether to evacuate schools and colleges remains with the individual establishment on the basis of their individual plans and also our advice that these are hoaxes.We fully support head teachers in whatever they decide in this difficult situation.
"Schools are some of the safest and most secure public spaces with well-rehearsed safety plans in place to deal with a range of emergencies. Staff are highly trained and the well-being of students is their top priority."
West Midlands Police wouldn't comment further when approached by Birmingham Live.
The hoax emails affected more than 400 schools across the UK, including the West Midlands, London, Yorkshire, Humberside, Northumberland, Lincolnshire and Bedfordshire.
A feud between rival Minecraft gamers was the reason why the 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges.
Sky News said the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, r eportedlyclaimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
Britain's Secretary of State for Leaving the EU David Davis speaks on the Marr Show in London, March 12, 2017. Jeff Overs/BBC handout via REUTERS
LONDON Britain was in not seeking to threaten Europe when it said cooperation in fighting terrorism would be weakened if it left the European Union without a comprehensive deal, Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday.
Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the formal Brexit process on Wednesday with a letter to the EU Council President Donald Tusk that said "our cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism would be weakened" if Britain leaves the EU without a new deal.
"This is not a threat," Davis told BBC Radio on Thursday. "This is a statement of the fact that this will be harmful for both of us... if we don't get a deal. It's an argument for having a deal."
"We're after a fully comprehensive deal that covers trade, covers security, covers all the aspects of our existing relationship and tries to preserve as much of the benefits for everybody as we can."
"That I think is a perfectly reasonable point to make, and not in any sense a threat," they said.
(Reporting by Kate Holton and Alistair Smout, editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
NEW YORK, April 10 Investment management firm Brinker Capital announced Monday the launch of the Destinations Funds, a series of 10 multi-manager mutual funds advised by Brinker Capital that it said aims to cut investors' overall costs and lower the account minimum on portfolios.
The funds now serve as the building blocks of the Destinations fee-based mutual fund advisory portfolios, which launched in 1995 and currently have $9.3 billion in assets under management.
"The decision to evolve the operational infrastructure of Destinations has resulted in what we believe are two key benefits to financial advisors and investors: it enables us to lower costs and provides financial advisors and investors with greater access to unique investment strategies," said Noreen Beaman, chief executive officer at Brinker Capital.
With the Funds being part of the Destinations advisory portfolios, Brinker Capital said it will be able to provide a cost-effective solution to investors and a level fee structure that aligns with the Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule.
With this change, Brinker Capital reduced existing qualified investors' overall costs by an average of 21 percent, and lowered the account minimum of the Destinations portfolios to $10,000, making an institutional multi-asset class investment strategy more widely available to individual investors.
The 10 institutional class Funds which make up the Destinations multi-asset class portfolios are as follows: Destinations Large Cap Equity Fund, Destinations Small-Mid Cap Equity Fund, Destinations Equity Income Fund, Destinations International Equity Fund, Destinations Core Fixed Income Fund, Destinations Low Duration Fixed Income Fund, Destinations Global Fixed Income Opportunities Fund, Destinations Municipal Fixed Income Fund, Destinations Real Assets Fund, and Destinations Multi Strategy Alternatives Fund.
Jeffrey Gundlach's DoubleLine Capital is among a select group of investment managers tapped to subadvise investment strategies within the Funds.
“Brinker Capital, highly regarded for their commitment to investors and skilled asset allocation, was an early institutional investor when we launched DoubleLine Funds in 2010. So naturally we look forward to continuing our strong, working relationship with Brinker Capital and are pleased to support the launch of their new fund family,” said Gundlach, chief executive officer at DoubleLine. (Reporting By Jennifer Ablan; Editing by Bernard Orr)
(Reuters Health) - The drugstore chain Walgreens is taking a three-pronged approach to combat the public health crisis stemming from prescription opioids, according to a team of pharmacists and other clinicians from the company.
In the Journal of the American Pharmacists Association, they report that Walgreens pharmacies have expanded access to naloxone, a drug that can block the effects of opioid painkillers such as hydrocodone and oxycodone and thereby prevent overdose deaths from respiratory failure.
In addition, the chain installed medication-disposal kiosks in 500 of its 8,200 U.S. stores to make it easier for Americans to empty their medicine cabinets of unused pharmaceuticals that might otherwise fall into the hands of substance abusers.
Walgreens also has employed pharmacists and students to educate and counsel patients and caregivers about opioid overdoses and naloxone.
By August 2016, the chain had dispensed 10,478 naloxone prescriptions in 49 states, the pharmacists say.
Phil Caruso, a Walgreens spokesperson who was not among the authors of the report, said most health insurance plans cover the cost of naloxone - $18.99 in a syringe version and $39.99 for a nasal version.
Emily Shafer, lead author of the report, compares naloxone to the emergency treatment for severe allergic reactions, EpiPen. “It's important to have it on hand, like (you would have) an EpiPen if someone in your household has a peanut allergy,” they said in a phone interview.
Indeed, in 2014, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder urged federal law enforcement agencies to train first responders to treat overdose victims with naloxone.
Addiction expert Dr. Alexander Walley likened naloxone in the home of an opioid user to a fire extinguisher. “If you have a gas stove, you're expected to have a fire extinguisher,” they said in a phone interview. “If you have opioids, you should have naloxone.”
Naloxone is safe with no potential for abuse, Walley said. In fact, they added, “It's the last thing somebody who is opioid tolerant wants because it takes away their high.”
But a mishmash of state laws governing dispensing of naloxone complicates the task of getting the drug to members of the community. As of early this year, the authors write, Walgreens offers naloxone without requiring a prescription in 40 states.
But every state has a unique set of requirements. Consistent laws about naloxone dispensing across the U.S. would help, Shafer said.
Other national pharmacy chains also have instituted programs to combat the opioid epidemic. Walgreens, however, is the only drugstore chain to install drug-disposal kiosks in some of its stores, Caruso said.
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and local law enforcement agencies host regular prescription drug take-back events for safe disposal of prescriptions drugs. The DEA's next National Take-Back Day will be on Saturday, April 29.
Pharmacies bear some responsibility for the overprescribing of opioids, Walley said.
“For some time now, opioid overdose has been recognized as a public health crisis. We didn't get pharmacies involved soon enough, and we're now playing catch-up,” said Walley, a professor at Boston Medical Center.
“Pharmacies are the most widely available health outlets in our communities. The fact that they are explicitly developing a strategy to implement public health measures to prevent overdose is a step,” they said.
Walley was not involved in the new report, but as a volunteer, they have written standing orders that allow Walgreens pharmacists in Massachusetts to dispense naloxone to opioid users who might need it.
U.S. pharmacists fill 650,000 opioid prescriptions every day, “a significant portion . . . due to inappropriate prescribing,” the authors write.
Since 1999, the number of U.S. opioid overdose deaths quadrupled, along with sales of the painkillers, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
Every day, more than 1,000 Americans are treated in emergency rooms for opioid misuse, and 91 die from opioid overdoses, according to the CDC.
The CDC last year released guidelines urging primary-care physicians to dramatically curtail prescribing opioids for chronic pain. The guidelines recommend other, non-addictive medications, such as acetaminophen and ibuprofen, for chronic pain unless patients have cancer or are receiving palliative or end-of-life care.
The guidelines further suggest that when doctors do prescribe opioid painkillers, they prescribe the lowest possible dose and also prescribe physical therapy, exercise and other non-drug approaches to pain control.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2namXku Journal of the American Pharmacists Association, March-April 2017.
Former Chelsea player Michael Essien (R) plays the ball during practice with their new club Persib in Bandung, Indonesia March 31, 2017. Picture taken March 31, 2017. Antara Foto/Novrian Arbi via REUTERS
Former Chelsea and West Ham striker Carlton Cole holds a t-shirt of Persib Bandung after joining Indonesia's Persib in Bandung, Indonesia, March 30, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Agus Bebeng/ via REUTERS
Former Chelsea player Michael Essien holds a supporter of their new club Persib in Bandung, Indonesia March 31, 2017. Picture taken March 31, 2017. Antara Foto/Novrian Arbi via REUTERS
JAKARTA A handful of marquee names and a heavy dose of optimism greet the return of professional soccer in Indonesia this weekend as the domestic league restarts after a two-year hiatus.
English Premier League veterans Michael Essien, Carlton Cole and Peter Odemwingie will add a little international stardust to Liga 1, having been lured to Southeast Asia for the new season, which runs until November.
Eighteen teams from across the world's fourth most populous nation will kick off on Saturday and Bhayangkara coach Simon McMenemy is confident many of the issues that held the country back in recent years have been dispelled.
"There's a renewed excitement about the start of the league," said the Briton, who took over as head coach of Bhayangkara ahead of the new season.
"Even at the training sessions you are getting huge amounts of fans coming to watch off the back of Indonesia's success in the Suzuki Cup and it proves what everybody knows, that there's a huge amount of talent here.
"It's just the structure and the organisation can flip-flop between doing the right thing and making crazy decisions. It's difficult, but on the whole there is a lot of excitement and everyone's hoping that the stadiums will be full."
Indonesia lost the final of the Suzuki Cup, the Southeast Asian championship, to Thailand in December but just getting that far was an achievement for Alfred Riedl's side given the mess the sport had been in over the previous two years.
The 2015 league season was abandoned halfway through after a row between the government and the Football Association of Indonesia led to world governing body FIFA banning the national federation.
COMPETITIVE DRIVE
The issue remained unresolved in 2016, so the league was temporarily replaced by an unofficial Indonesia Soccer Championship.
With FIFA having finally lifted sanctions last year, April 15 marks the return of the national competition for the first time since the completion of the 2014 campaign.
Persib Bandung, who finished fifth in last season's unofficial championship and claim more than five million fans, go into the campaign as favourites after luring both Essien and former West Ham United striker Cole to the club.
Former Chelsea and Ghana midfielder Essien showed they had lost none of their competitive drive when they chased a Bali United player around the pitch in a friendly last week after their opponent had clattered the ball against the 34-year-old's legs.
Former Nigeria and West Bromwich Albion forward Odemwingie has signed for Madura United, another side likely to be battling for the title along with PSM Makassar, the country's oldest team.
"It would be lovely to have a resurgence in interest in football and having full stadiums because the one thing I love about being in this country is the passion they have for the game," McMenemy said.
"They just love the game inside out. The fans know all the statistics, they follow the players closely and working in front of that kind of audience is a real pleasure and a real honour, and I hope that we get to feel that throughout the season."
(Writing by Michael Church in Hong Kong, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
UPDATE 2-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Negotiators for a new grand coalition between Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and Germany's Social Democrats plan to progressively abolish the country's air transport tax, according to a working paper seen by Reuters on Friday.
The tax is levied on ticket prices and costs between 7 and 40 euros ($8.74-49.96) depending on the distance flown.
The government collects over 1 billion euros a year from the tax, with over half the total paid by German airlines, including Lufthansa (LHAG.DE), Germany's largest carrier.
“We want to gradually abolish the air transport tax in this legislative period,” the paper said.
Lufthansa shares turned slightly positive after the report, making them one of only two gainers on a 1.3 percent weaker DAX indexes at 1148 GMT.
The BDL aviation association, which represents the interests of the airline industry, declined to comment on the coalition negotiations. It has previously called for the tax to be abolished.
SHANGHAI/BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Saturday freed one of the last remaining Crown Resorts Ltd (CWN.AX) executives jailed for illegally promoting gambling, as a protracted saga that forced the Australian casino operator to cancel global expansion plans and hurt profits nears an end.
Jason O'Connor, head of international VIP gambling with the casino giant, was released before 7 a.m., an official told media outside the detention centre in Shanghai.
Slideshow (2 Images)
The Australian was the most senior of 16 staff detained in October and jailed by a Shanghai court in June. Their 10-month sentence ran from the time of their first detention on Oct. 14 last year.
They were flying home following their release on Saturday, Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said in an emailed statement. They did not give a time for their arrival.
Crown executive chairperson John Alexander said in an emailed statement they were "very pleased" staff were being reunited with their families and expressed gratitude for the help provided by the Australian government and the company's legal team over the past few months.
The authorities released 10 employees, including Australian nationals Jerry Xuan and Jane Pan Dan, in July. Crown, half-owned by billionaire James Packer, had been trying to attract wealthy Chinese to its casinos located outside China, where gambling is illegal, except for Macao. But the case prompted Crown, the world's biggest listed casino company outside China, to retreat from global expansion plans and sell off its Macao assets, and instead shift its focus back home.
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
March 29 Nomura Holdings Inc appointed Prabhat Awasthi as its new head of India, replacing Vikas Sharma, who has been promoted to head of Asia ex-Japan.
Awasthi currently leads Nomura's India equities team and their new role will give them added responsibility of the firm's fixed income and investment banking businesses in the country.
Awasthi, who will report to Sharma in their new role, joined Nomura in October 2008 from Lehman Brothers.
The appointments are effective April 1, Nomura said. (Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo, April 28 The Brazilian real weakened in volatile trading on Friday as traders assessed the implications of nationwide strikes led by Brazilian unions to protest President Michel Temer's austerity measures. Some investors worried that the demonstrations could hamper Temer's campaign to raise lawmaker support for reforms of the country's pension system and labor laws, seen as key to lift Latin America's largest economy from a deep recession. Others argued that uncertainty had already reflected on asset prices, after tight votes in Congress last week raised doubts over the government's strength. The Brazilian real fell as much as 1 percent after strengthening 0.3 percent in early trading. Volatility also spiked ahead of the settlement of the month-end Ptax rate, which is widely used to price foreign exchange contracts in Brazil. The country's benchmark Bovespa stock index, however, was firmly up, reacting to a heavy batch of corporate updates. Shares of GPA SA were the biggest gainers after stronger-than-expected margins helped Brazil's largest retailer swing to a profit in the first quarter. Trading in other Latin American markets was muted, with traders mostly shrugging off weaker-than-expected U.S. gross domestic product figures. The Chilean peso fell 0.6 percent, while the Mexican peso rose 0.5 percent. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1600 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % change change The Latest MSCI Emerging Markets 977.56 -0.21 13.61 MSCI LatAm 2601.92 0.24 10.89 Brazil Bovespa 65191.81 0.8 8.24 Mexico IPC 49329.30 -0.23 8.08 Chile IPSA 4800.70 0.37 15.64 Chile IGPA 24110.04 0.3 16.28 Argentina MerVal 20933.01 0.2 23.73 Colombia IGBC 10135.44 0.26 0.07 Venezuela IBC 56710.77 0.5 78.87 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1896 -0.29 1.87 Mexico peso 18.9400 0.45 9.52 Chile peso 666.6 -0.59 0.62 Colombia peso 2947.55 -0.26 1.83 Peru sol 3.243 0.06 5.27 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.4250 0.11 2.92 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.91 0.25 5.72 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Dan Grebler)
April 13 Par Technology Corp
* Par Technology Corporation announces executive leadership transition
* Par Technology Corp says Donald H. Foley, an independent member of company's board of directors, has been appointed chief executive officer
* Karen E. Sammon stepped-down as CEO and president of company to assume position of chief of staff in office of CEO
* Par Technology Corp says Donald H. Foley also has been appointed as president of company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: Snow is cleared from the Donner Pass rest area at Donner Pass summit during a winter storm, near Truckee, California, U.S. January 7, 2017. REUTERS/Bob Strong/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: State highway 28 which rings Lake Tahoe is closed by snow at Crystal Bay, California, U.S., January 7, 2017. REUTERS/Bob Strong/File Photo
SACRAMENTO, Calif. California's Sierra Nevada Mountains are buried in snow despite warm spring weather, scientists said on Thursday, a further sign that the state is emerging from years of drought and an indication that mandatory conservation rules may soon be eased.
Three years after Democratic Governor Jerry Brown stood on a dry, brown mountainside and declared a drought emergency, state water scientists trekked to the same spot near Sacramento on Thursday to measure nearly four feet of snow - about twice as much as is normal for March and April at that location.
"California enters the snowmelt season with a large snowpack that will result in high water in many rivers through the spring," State Climatologist Michael Anderson said in a statement.
The snowpack is key to the complex system of streams, dams and reservoirs that the most populous U.S. state relies on for water in the dry spring and summer months. Slowly melting over the dry months from April to October, the snowpack provides a third of the state's water and is sometimes referred to as California's largest reservoir.
During the height of the drought, there was no snow at all on many mountain peaks, and many reservoirs held only a fraction of the water they were designed to contain.
Because there is little or no rain during the summer, California relies on irrigation for farming, and both agricultural areas and urban centers suffered during the drought.
In January of 2014, Brown declared the drought to be an emergency. A year later, as dry conditions dragged on, they ordered the state's first mandatory conservation rules, which included a demand that urban communities reduce their water consumption by 25 percent.
On Thursday, state water experts returned to a measuring station at Phillips, east of Sacramento near Lake Tahoe, where the snow was 46 inches high, about 183 percent of normal. Statewide, the snowpack was about 150 percent of normal for late March.
Their findings are likely to be key to state decisions regarding possibly removing the emergency declaration and an easing of conservation rules, expected in coming weeks.
However, environmental groups warned Thursday that climate change could still leave California with pervasive drought conditions, and urged continued conservation.
"Until we learn to align water demands with the amount we can reliably supply, we will suffer through perpetual water shortages," Anna Wearn, a program assistant with the Natural Resources Defense Council, said on the organization's blog.
(Reporting by Sharon Bernstein; Editing by Andrew Hay)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
(Repeats to media clients with new slug to match filed pictures)
By Tova Cohen
TEL AVIV, March 30 Bank Hapoalim, Israel's largest lender, reported lower quarterly net profit because of one-off items including provisions for a U.S. tax evasion investigation, as well as sharply higher expenses for credit losses.
Its main domestic rival Leumi reported slightly higher profit despite one-time tax expenses affecting the banking sector. Leumi said it would resume dividends in 2017, six years after stopping payouts due to the financial crisis.
Hapoalim, which issued a profit warning last week, said on Thursday it earned 138 million shekels ($38 million) in the fourth quarter, down from 586 million a year earlier. Excluding one-time items, net profit was 937 million shekels.
Hapoalim said last week it would take provisions of $68.5 million regarding an investigation by U.S. authorities into suspected tax evasion by the bank's U.S. clients. This would be in addition to $120 million Hapoalim has already set aside for this matter.
"We are making great efforts to progress" in the U.S. investigations, Chief Executive Arik Pinto told reporters. "We hope by the end of this year we will finish with this."
Leumi underwent a similar investigation and paid $400 million in fines in late 2014.
Hapoalim's profit was also hit by credit loss expenses of 469 million shekels, compared with 147 million a year ago. It attributed the large expense in part to one middle market client in New York and three corporate clients in Israel.
Hapoalim has in recent years reduced its exposure to large corporate clients as it focuses on the retail sector and small and medium size businesses.
"For the first time we are not exposed to any company by more than 15 percent of the bank's capital," Chief Financial Officer Yadin Antebi said.
Barclays analyst Tavy Rosner said the main influence on Hapoalim's share price would be settling the U.S. investigation. "In our view this would pave the way to a dividend payout increase from the current 30 percent to 50 percent," they said.
Hapoalim declared a dividend of 41 million shekels, or 30 percent of net profit, for the quarter.
Leumi's board set a payout ratio of 20 percent of quarterly profit starting in the first quarter of 2017.
Both banks have reduced headcount, with Hapoalim cutting over 300 workers in 2016 to 11,628.
Leumi's workforce decreased by more than 1,000 employees in 2016, with most leaving towards the end of the year, so a further reduction in salary expenses will be reflected in 2017.
Leumi's quarterly net profit rose to 443 million shekels from 431 million a year ago but below a forecast of 468 million shekels in a Reuters poll of analysts. It had credit loss expenses of 46 million shekels versus 33 million a year ago.
($1 = 3.6178 shekels) (Additional reporting by Steven Scheer; Editing by Edmund Blair)
At Expo Rentals, we are providing top-notch services for organizing your events. We are capable of catering your large as well as small party needs. We are reputed as the best party rentals in Clovis CA due to our high-quality arrangements and prompt client services. We are fit for your every type of party requirements either it is a wedding event or a birthday party. We have a wide range of designer chairs and tables to cater seating arrangements for your guests. You can also contact us to get superior quality food and catering services at affordable rates in comparison to other party rental companies.
We can also help you to book a party hall as per your needs and requirements. If you are going to host a big party, then we can suggest you some good hotels and resorts for booking, but if you want to host a small party, then we can also recommend you some banquet halls which are perfect to facilitate you correctly. You can tell us estimation about guests you are going to invite for your party or event and depending on the number we can suggest you the best solution for the smooth running of your party.
We can also make arrangements for lighting and decorations for your special event. If you are going to host a wedding event, then we can decorate the stage with flowers and light and also decorate the whole venue with lighting. We can also place video screening in the hall to show live function to guests. We can even set a big screen on the stage to entertain your guests with music videos.
If you are planning to host an outdoor event, then we can also provide you tent rentals which are made of good quality cloth. We have a wide range of various type tents which can increase the grace of your upcoming event. You can visit our website to take a look at multiple projects and to contact with us.
(Corrects name of drug in second paragraph to "vecuronium bromide" from "pancuronium bromide")
By Steve Barnes
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., April 20 Arkansas has said it will appeal a court ruling that bars the U.S. state's use of a lethal injection drug and effectively puts a stop to its plans to execute eight prisoners in 11 days.
A state circuit judge issued the temporary restraining order on Wednesday after the U.S. pharmaceutical firm McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc accused the state of obtaining the muscle relaxant vecuronium bromide under false pretences.
The company, a unit of McKesson Corp, said it would not have sold the drug to the Arkansas prison system had it known it would be used in executions, and is demanding the drug is either returned or confiscated.
The ruling delivered a further setback for the state, which last carried out an execution a dozen years ago and contends it must act quickly because its supply of another of the three drugs used in the lethal mix expires at the end of April.
A spokesperson for State Attorney General Leslie Rutledge, a Republican, said they would appeal the ruling before the state's Supreme Court.
The execution of eight death row inmates would be the most by any U.S. state in such a short period since the death penalty was reinstated in 1976.
Arkansas officials have said they cannot obtain the drug from any other source, and have acknowledged in court papers that should McKesson prevail, all pending executions would be blocked.
Governor Asa Hutchinson said they were "both surprised and disappointed" by the latest legal delays.
The state had originally planned to execute eight death row inmates in four pairs in a span of 11 days, starting on April 17 and ending on April 27.
However, amid a flurry of legal challenges, four of the condemned prisoners have won stays of execution. Arkansas's Supreme Court issued the latest of those reprieves, for condemned killer Stacey Johnson, minutes before the lower-court ruling on McKesson's request.
Johnson was convicted of the 1993 murder and sexual assault of Carol Heath. Prosecutors said they beat, strangled and slit Heath's throat while their 6-year-old daughter watched. Judges sent Johnson's case back to the trial court to allow for new DNA evidence.
An appeal of Johnson's stay of execution was undecided, the attorney general's spokesperson said.
Also still pending before the U.S. Supreme Court is an appeal by all eight prisoners contending that the compressed execution schedule increases the likelihood of a botched lethal injection. A federal appeals court had rejected their arguments.
Arkansas' death penalty push comes after the number of U.S. executions fell to a quarter-century low in 2016. (For a graphic on the number and method of U.S. executions, see: tmsnrt.rs/26wAN2v) (Reporting by Steve Barnes in Little Rock, Arkansas, and Jon Herskovitz in Austin, Texas; Additional reporting by Sharon Bernstein in Los Angeles; Writing by Steve Gorman; Editing by Toni Reinhold, Bill Trott and Richard Lough)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
April 28 China Finance Online Co Ltd-
* China Finance Online reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 unaudited financial results (amended)
* China Finance Online Co ltd qtrly net revenues were $19.2 million, down 42.8% year-over-year
* China Finance Online Co ltd qtrly net loss per ads attributable to china finance online co. Limited $0.57 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WELLINGTON Former All Blacks coach Eric Watson died at the weekend, New Zealand Rugby said on Tuesday. They were 91.
Watson also had a long spell in charge of the Otago provincial side and the Junior All Blacks, which included a famous victory over the All Blacks in 1973.
They spent two seasons with the All Blacks in 1979-80 and stepped down after a 23-3 victory over Wales at Cardiff Arms Park.
"It is with real sadness that we mark the passing of Eric Watson," New Zealand Rugby Chairman Brent Impey said in a statement.
"Eric made a huge contribution as head coach of the All Blacks, Junior All Blacks and Otago and was a big part of rugby for a long time.
"He remained a stalwart supporter of rugby after retiring, continuing to turn out on the sidelines for many years."
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Bournemouth have set their sights on securing Premier League survival by beating basement side Sunderland on Saturday, manager Eddie Howe said.
Bournemouth beat second-bottom Middlesbrough 4-0 last weekend to climb to 13th in the table, putting them within touching distance of safety on 38 points with four games left, but Howe said there was still work to be done.
"I won't accept we're safe until it's mathematically done," Howe told reporters on Friday. "We'd love to get over the 40-point barrier this weekend..."
"Any away game in the Premier League is difficult. While there's hope for Sunderland, they'll keep going. It will be tough."
Teams that reach 40 points are usually considered safe from relegation.
Howe is happy with their team's progress in their second season in the top flight, saying the tiny South coast club had proved they had adapted to the Premier League after finishing 16th last time around.
"My focus is always on my team, our focus and what we can do," they added. "I'm proud of how the players have adapted to the Premier League.
"We've been slightly more inconsistent than we'd have liked, but I see progression in the team and we're going the right way."
Goalkeeper Artur Boruc is set to stay at the club till 2018, after making enough appearances this season to automatically trigger an extension clause in their contract.
"We're really pleased for Artur, he's been so consistent for us and in really good form. He's won us points this season," Howe said.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by John Stonestreet)
Facebook logo is seen at a start-up companies gathering at Paris' Station F in Paris, France, January 17, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
LONDON/SAN FRANCISCO Facebook Inc (FB.O) said on Thursday it suspended 30,000 accounts in France as the social network giant steps up efforts to stop the spread of fake news, misinformation and spam.
The move, which comes 10 days before the first round of a hotly contested French presidential election, is among the most aggressive yet by Facebook to move against accounts that violate its terms of service, rather than simply respond to complaints.
Facebook is under intense pressure in Europe as governments across the continent threaten new laws and fines unless the company moves quickly to remove extremist propaganda or other content that violates local laws. (reut.rs/2oBwHEO).
The pressure on social media sites including Twitter (TWTR.N), Google's (GOOGL.O) YouTube and Facebook has intensified in the run-up to the elections in France and Germany.
Facebook already has a program in France to use outside fact-checkers to combat fake news in users' feeds.
Also on Thursday, Facebook took out full-page ads in Germany's best-selling newspapers to educate readers on how to spot fake news.
U.S. intelligence agencies have determined that the Russian government interfered with the U.S. election last year in order to help Donald Trump win the presidency. Officials say a similar campaign is under way in Europe to promote right-wing, nationalist parties and undermine the European Union.
In a blog post, Facebook said it was acting against 30,000 fake accounts in France. It said its priority was to remove suspect accounts with high volumes of posting activity and the biggest audiences.
Two people familiar with Facebook's process said the company had strengthened its formula for detecting deceptive accounts being run by automated means. As an example, the new process considers accounts that have smaller circles of friends and that therefore had been less of a priority previously.
A key motivator was the need to get tougher on misinformation ahead of the French elections, the people said, although the move also targets accounts that generated spam for financial gain.
"We've made improvements to recognise these inauthentic accounts more easily by identifying patterns of activity — without assessing the content itself," Shabnam Shaik, a Facebook security team manager, wrote in an official blog post.
The company is using automated pattern-recognition to identify repeated posting of the same content and increases in messaging.
Thursday's action follows other moves by Facebook to make it easier for users to report potential fraud and hoaxes.
(Reporting By Eric Auchard in London and Joseph Menn in San Francisco; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Trott)
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC -0.4 pct, CSI300 -0.2 pct, HSI +0.6 pct
* HK->Shanghai Connect daily quota used 5 pct, Shanghai->HK daily quota used 6 pct
* HK->Shenzhen Connect daily quota used 2.2 pct, Shenzhen->HK daily quota used 1 pct
* CNY official close 6.882 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 -0.3 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index +0.3 pct
SHANGHAI, March 29 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* China lowers retail gasoline, diesel prices - state planner
* Three foreign firms to be allowed to operate as interbank forex market makers - China trade platform operator
* Sinopec overhauls fuel buying policy in new blow to teapots
* China's top copper smelters agree to cut TR/RCs in Q2 -sources
Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* Profits near flat at two of China's Big Five banks, pressures persist
* China's Huishan Dairy misses payments, key executive goes missing
* China telecom firm ZTE removed from U.S. trade blacklist
* China's Tsinghua Unigroup in deals for up to 150 bln yuan in financing
* Chinese automaker BYD's Q1 profit to fall up to 35 pct y/y as green car sales slow
* China Communications Construction 2016 net profit up 8.7 pct
Earnings/Performance
* Sinopec Oilfield Service swings to red in 2016 with net loss of 16.1 bln yuan
* MCC's 2016 net profit 12 pct, other moves
* China Merchants Securities' 2016 net profit down 50.5 pct
* Shanghai International Port's 2016 net profit up 5.7 pct
* Hainan Airlines' 2016 profit up 4.5 pct, other moves
* Huadian Power's 2016 net profit down 56.5 pct
* Yunnan Copper's 2016 net profit up 683.8 pct
* Jiangsu Shagang sees Q1 net profit up 2018-2640 pct
* Angang Steel returns to net profit in 2016
* Sinosteel Engineering & Technology's 2016 net profit up 8.7 pct
* Chengdu Xingrong Environment's 2016 net profit up 6 pct
* Cangzhou Mingzhu Plastic's 2016 net profit up 127.1 pct
* Guangdong Provincial Expressway's 2016 net profit up 43.8 pct
* Zhejiang Wanfeng Auto Wheel sees Q1 net profit up 5-20 pct M&A/Asset restructuring
* Jiangsu Bicon Pharma scraps asset acquisition, share trade to resume Default
* Zhuhai Zhongfu Enterprise fails to make payment on medium-term note Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* TBEA's unit to invest about 5 bln yuan in new energy projects
* Tus-Sound Environmental Resources wins bid for project worth 1.15 bln yuan (Compiled by Luoyan Liu)
COLOMBO May 3 The Sri Lankan rupee ended steady on Wednesday as importer dollar demand was offset by exporter sales amid expectations of dollar inflows from a sovereign bond issuance and syndicated loans, dealers said.
The central bank raised the spot rupee reference rate by 20 cents to 152.10.
Sri Lanka expects to raise up to $1.5 billion via a sovereign bond issuance and another $1 billion from two separate syndicated loans.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards steady at 153.30/25 per dollar.
"The (importer) demand was there. There have been some selling by exporters and banks too," a currency dealer said, asking not to be named.
Dealers expect the rupee to stabilise on higher dollar liquidity after the anticipated inflows.
A government move to double the borrowing limit of development bonds to $3 billion in 2017 is also expected to increase liquidity.
Finance Minister Ravi Karunanayake had last week blamed "technical difficulties" for a two-month delay in receiving an around $160 million loan tranche from the International Monetary Fund and said the disbursement was expected after June 14.
Sri Lanka has seen a rise in foreign inflows into equities and government securities since early last month, with foreign investors buying shares worth a net 13.7 billion rupees in 26 consecutive sessions through Friday.
Foreign investors also net bought government securities worth 908.9 million rupees ($5.98 million) in the week ended April 26, extending the net inflow to 7.2 billion rupees in four consecutive weeks. But they have net sold 57 billion rupees worth of government bonds so far this year. ($1 = 151.9000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
April 13 Sap Se
* Says promotes proven leaders to strengthen company
* Says robert enslin and bernd leukert will shift and expand their portfolios as members of executive board of sap se
* Says supervisory board of sap se has named adaire fox-martin and jennifer morgan to executive board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Frankfurt newsroom)
WASHINGTON The United States on Tuesday criticized Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's intent to create a new super-body known as a "constituent assembly," saying it was an attempt to cling to power.
"We have deep concerns about the motivation for this constituent assembly which overrides the will of the Venezuelan people and further erodes Venezuelan democracy," said Michael Fitzpatrick, the deputy assistant secretary of state for the Western hemisphere, in a phone call with reporters. "What President Maduro is trying to do yet again is change the rules of the game" in an effort to remain in power.
(Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
FILE PHOTO -- Actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus poses backstage with their award for Outstanding Lead Actress In A Comedy Series for their role in HBO's ''Veep'' at the 68th Primetime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles, California U.S., September 18, 2016. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
NEW YORK "Veep" returns to HBO next week with a defeated female president painfully navigating their way back to public life after a year nursing their wounded psyche.
Sounds familiar?
Satirizing Washington politics is getting harder for the award-winning TV comedy but the new season, starting April 16, has an uncanny knack for nailing current U.S. politics - and it does not even have a Trump-like figure.
Executive producer David Mandel says writing on the sixth season of "Veep" started in June 2016, well before Democrat Hillary Clinton lost their bid in November to become the first woman in the White House.
Any comparison to Clinton's stunning change in circumstances is an "accidental coincidence," they say.
"The overall plan to have ("Veep" character) Selina Meyer lose the tied election and have them become a former president who is desperately trying to remake their reputation in the world all goes back two years. It has nothing to do with Hillary losing," said Mandel.
Nevertheless said Mandel "it's getting sort of frightening" how closely the series about a political system where idealism is trumped by compromise tends to echo real Washington politics.
"Sometimes when we sit around to come up with a storyline, we think 'What's the stupidest thing a president could do? What's the worst thing a president's press secretary could say?' and right now some of those things seem to be happening on a daily basis," said Mandel.
Presidential memoirs, corruption in the former Soviet state of Georgia, sperm donation, the U.S. debt ceiling, payments for speeches and cheating spouses are just some of the topics this season as the vainglorious Meyer (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) tries to worm their way back into public life.
The arrival of Republican business person Donald Trump in the actual White House has not changed the underlying premise of the series, which launched in 2012 before President Barack Obama won their second term.
"We're not changing the show and trying to figure out how to do Trump. We're doing a show about power in Washington D.C., the people that crave it and how frighteningly sometimes stupid and incompetent they can be. Right now that is lining up very well," said Mandel.
When it came to losing power, "Veep" had plenty of advice. Writers spoke with Republican Mitt Romney, who lost out in two presidential elections, and to a former aide of President George H.W. Bush, who was defeated in 1992 by Bill Clinton after one term.
Authenticity is key to the success of "Veep," which has won two best comedy series Emmy awards and five Emmys for Louis- Dreyfus, whose character started out as a vice-president who the president never calls.
The show's characters never reveal their party affiliations, so despite the barbed jokes, it has a thriving audience in Washington D.C., said Mandel.
"Whenever we meet people from whichever party, they think 'Veep' is about the other guys."
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
ISTANBUL May 2 Net profit at Turkish banks rose 65 percent year-on-year in the first quarter to 13.5 billion lira ($3.82 billion), data from Turkey's BDDK banking regulator showed on Tuesday.
Turkish banks' assets stood at at 2.87 trillion liras and its loans at 1.83 trillion liras at the end of March, with their capital adequacy ratio at 16.05 percent. ($1 = 3.5385 liras) (Reporting by Ece Toksabay; Writing by Daren Butler)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SEOUL May 2 South Korean messaging app operator Kakao Corp said on Tuesday it will hold an extraordinary shareholder meeting on June 14 to vote on moving its shares to the country's main bourse.
Kakao, which is currently the second-most valuable company listed on South Korea's junior Kosdaq bourse, had said in April it was considering a move to the main bourse. (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Randy Fabi)
• Elanpro Karma debuts as one of the smallest frozen treat maker in India
• Redefines contemporary design, innovation and durability
Underscoring its commitment to technology that addresses the dynamic requirements of Indian hospitality sector, ELANPRO, India's leading commercial refrigeration company, in collaboration with SPM, Italy, recently launched Karma, a compact dispenser for soft serve ice cream and frozen yogurt.
Available in smaller than ever footprint of 35.7cm x 52.12 cm x 64.75cm, Karma is equipped with a host of innovative components to improve efficiency and ease-of-use. Some pioneering features include multi-functional prominent display with programmable keypad for precise temperature setting. With an hourly output of upto 9kg, the machine can whip out several batches of premium quality ice cream and frozen yogurt without longer lead time or intermittent breaks.
SPM is offering two configuration options basis the preparation i.e Gravity and Pump. The product is fitted with a tank agitator to ensure product consistency, while also allowing operators to use the appliance to produce frozen yoghurt, without the risk of the mix separating.
In addition to delivering revolutionary dispense speed with precision control, the high overrun results in high ROI. Ideal for bars, restaurants, cafeterias, coffee shops, stand-alone units, hotels and all other HoReCa operators it is whisper quiet in operation and has a high-capacity system that allows for quick recovery. Like many ELANPRO products, the dispensers come with a compressor and motor warranty.
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Sanjay Jain, Director, ELANPRO, said “With our new offering we aim at providing optimum solution to those planning to serve soft ice creams and healthy yogurts but somehow have been restricted due to space or electricity constraints. This product is designed for operators looking to enter the profitable frozen treat market.
Karma is a breakthrough product by leading beverage dispenser company SPM. We believe that this innovative product will help us unlock the unique possibilities in the soft serve operator industry.”
ELANPRO's range of beverage dispensers from SPM provides sturdy, solid steel frames and bases for unparalleled support for each display. The company entered a strategic agreement in 2016. Pursuant to the agreement, ELANPRO will market, sell and provide after-sale service and support through ELANPRO's existing Hi-Tech Experience Center Service Network for SPM's commercial products. With this association, the company plans to accommodate the growing demand for machines that deliver blended beverages with more speed, accuracy, and efficiency than competing products in India.
With sleek, modern and small footprint Karma by Elanpro is not only eye-catching but also saves valuable counter space. The product is available at all Elanpro dealer stores starting from Rs. 3,60,000. Price may vary basis the configuration.
ASK FOR ANGELA: Royal Hotel staff member Mackenzi Finger wants everyone to have a safe night out in Gympie.
ASK FOR ANGELA: Royal Hotel staff member Mackenzi Finger wants everyone to have a safe night out in Gympie. Renee Albrecht
A NORMAL enough night out should never turn into irretrievable disaster, but it can happen.
Royal Hotel owner Stacey Lowe says people who feel things have become unsafe now have an escape route.
Anyone at their hotel who finds themselves in some sort of trouble can now "ask for Angela".
The Ask for Angela campaign is new here, but originated in Lincolnshire in Britain.
It has now been brought to Australia by Ms Lowe's daughter, Mackenzi Finger.
"The general idea is that if you are out for the night and feel uncomfortable, you can now ask a member of the hotel staff for 'Angela' and they can get you a taxi, help you leave discreetly or help in any other way to get you into a more comfortable situation," they said.
Mackenzi thought it was a good idea when they heard about it in England and was reminded of it while working at the hotel one recent Saturday night, when they received a text message from a girlfriend needing "help on the smokers' deck".
Mackenzi went to their friend and told them someone was asking for them and was there to pick them up.
"Venue owners and operators will need to ensure all staff and security know the system," they said.
"It's another step in creating the safest environment we can for visitors and people in our community when they are in our venues, late at night or otherwise."
SAN FRANCISCO, March 30 The U.S. judge overseeing a blockbuster case over self-driving car technology suggested Uber could face an injunction if a key Uber executive does not testify for fear of exposing themselves to criminal prosecution, according to a transcript seen by Reuters.
Waymo, the self-driving car unit of Alphabet, sued ride services company Uber Technologies last month, alleging that a former Waymo executive, Anthony Levandowski, downloaded over 14,000 confidential documents before leaving the company to subsequently join Uber, which benefited from the stolen secrets.
Levandowski is not a defendant in the case, but they are a central figure in the high-profile litigation, which pits two Silicon Valley technology giants against each other, both of which are vying to dominate in the competitive autonomous vehicles sector.
Waymo is seeking a preliminary injunction from the court, which would temporarily stop Uber from using any of the allegedly stolen intellectual property. A hearing is scheduled for May 3.
Uber, which has said the allegations are baseless but has not yet responded to Waymo's complaint in court, has argued that the trade secrets issue should be sent to arbitration.
"You represent somebody who's in a mess," U.S. District Court Judge William Alsup in San Francisco told the attorney for Levandowski, Miles Ehrlich, during a closed court hearing on Wednesday.
Ehrlich had told the court that based on the "potential for criminal action" against Levandowski, the engineer would be asserting their Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
In the hearing, Alsup bandied with lawyers for Uber and Levandowski over the allegedly stolen documents, some of which Uber said were not in its possession, but in Levandowski's.
"I'm sorry that Mr. Levandowski has got theirs -- got themselves in a fix. That's what happens, I guess, when you download 14,000 documents and take them, if they did. But I don't hear anybody denying that," Alsup said.
Uber attorney Arturo Gonzalez said they would like Levandowski to testify in court, but could not force them to. But if the case was sent to arbitration, Levandowski might choose to testify, Gonzalez said, because arbitration proceedings are not public.
"At least it's not in the public where it's going to be in the front page of The New York Times the next day," Gonzalez said, an argument rejected by the court, which said the public had a right to know details of the case.
Gonzalez suggested Uber's strategy would be to convince the court that Uber was "not using any of these things" Waymo says they stole.
Still, Alsup warned Uber of its difficulty in dodging a preliminary injunction in light of Levandowski's Fifth Amendment privilege.
"They have a record over there of theft," Alsup said, referring to Waymo. "And if you think for a moment that I'm going to stay my hand because your guy is taking the Fifth Amendment and not issue a preliminary injunction to shut down that ... you're wrong." (Additional reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by Peter Henderson and Leslie Adler)
April 5 Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc
* Adaptimmune therapeutics plc announces registered direct offering of american depositary shares
* Adaptimmune therapeutics - entered agreement with matrix capital management co lp to buy about us$42 million of its american depositary shares
* Adaptimmune therapeutics-net proceeds of offering will be used to advance co's wholly-owned pipeline of spear t-cell candidates through clinical trials Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
An airplane of Alitalia approaches to land at Fiumicino international airport in Rome, central Italy, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Max Rossi
An airplane of Alitalia approaches to land at Fiumicino international airport in Rome, central Italy, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Max Rossi
ROME The sale process for troubled flagship carrier Alitalia will kick off in the next 15 days, Italy's Industry Minister said on Wednesday.
"The commissioners need to draw up a programme and are expected to start looking at expressions of interest within 15 days," Carlo Calenda said on Italian radio.
On Tuesday Alitalia filed to be put under special administration for the second time in less than a decade.
The government appointed three commissioners to see whether Alitalia can be restructured, either as a standalone company or through a partial or total sale, or else liquidated.
"I think however an alliance with another carrier is needed," Calenda said.
(Reporting by Massimiliano Di Giorgio, writing by Stephen Jewkes)
May 3 Namibia Rare Earths Inc
* Gerald mcconnell announces acquisition of shares of namibia rare earths inc.
* Namibia rare earths inc - announced today that they acquired, by way of a private agreement, a total of 4.3 million common of namibia rare earths inc.
* Namibia rare earths inc - acquired common shares at a price of approximately cdn$0.07 per common share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
All the action from the fourth day of the second test between the Black Caps and West Indies in Hamilton.
New Zealand rammed home their overall dominance of the West Indies at Seddon Park yesterday.
They will most likely wrap up their second big win sometime today, with a day or more to spare, but some of the cricket played by the tourists has been desperately poor.
Somehow the batsmen have to find reserves of defiance and skill not sighted in abundance so far in this series, starting at 30 for two, needing a world record 444 to square the series.
Advertisement
Where there's life…..no that won't work here, although batting coach Toby Radford is optimistic of seeing some spirit today.
"I think what we are wanting is a lot of fight and to really show what we can do,'' they said last night.
''I'd love to see Kraigg (Brathwaite) and Shai (Hope) do something similar to what they achieved at Headingley against England a couple of months ago -- bat long, get a couple of hundreds and show people what we can really do."
They batted magnificently in that test to push the West Indies to victory after having been poleaxed in three days a week earlier at Edgbaston.
Brathwaite is certainly a rock and a player with form for batting time, but they can't do it on their own.
There's an attacking mindset among most of the West Indian batsmen which is thrilling to watch but there's still plenty of test development to be done with the likes of Shimron Hetmyer, one of two batsmen dismissed late yesterday to a casual drive to mid off.
The West Indies bowlers plugged away determinedly for chunks of the day.
Seamer Miguel Cummins, certainly the pick of the bowlers over the two tests, produced one sizzling six-over spell after lunch in which they removed Kane Williamson and Henry Nicholls, had Mitchell Santner dropped by wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich above their head, and clunked the lefthander on their helmet too.
But the fielding was simply dreadful. Boundary work was shoddy, there were overthrows and misfields you would berate a first XI for making.
That is one area teams can make highly skillful and Ross Taylor last night admitted the bowlers had toiled honestly and with determination. However they were let down in the field.
How often has a second innings declaration been made late on the third day of a test? Not often but this game has moved swiftly.
WASHINGTON May 3 The U.S. Navy has decided to delay by a year until fiscal year 2020 the awarding of a design and construction contract for a planned frigate, according to congressional testimony on Wednesday by two Navy rear admirals. (Reporting by Eric Beech)
(Adds further comment)
LAUSANNE, March 29 Top executives from the world's largest commodity trading houses discuss trends in trading at the FT Commodities Global Summit in Lausanne, Switzerland, this week.
For highlights from the first day:
The following are highlights:
ALAN HAYWOOD, CEO OF SUPPLY AND TRADING BP
"The context for our strategy is laid out in fundamentals until 2035. We see energy demand increasing by about 30 percent, half from nuclear, hydro power and renewables ... half will be going to the power sector."
"But we see 75 percent of energy demand still coming from oil, gas and coal. Gas demand will grow at approximately twice the rate of oil ... on the renewable side we will focus on our commitment to wind and Brazilian biofuels."
MARCO ALVERA, CEO, SNAM
Alvera sees emerging markets moving towards gas away from coal due to the cleaner advantage of gas.
"A one percent switch from coal to gas, gives same benefit on carbon dioxide, as a ten percent shift to renewables."
"In Europe, demand for gas has stabilised but production is declining. Faced with stable demand, imports need to grow ... we can only look east or southeast like the southern corridor.
"Europe has huge opportunities for LNG storage due to huge depleted reserves. LNG will become hugely seasonal ... and very distressed in the summer. Italy is a unique position because has the largest gas storage reserves so can be a hub for imports and exports."
"In the United States, coal will be back, which potentially in the short term will benefit gas in Europe, the price of coal will go up."
"There's a huge potential for biomethane in transport ... the beauty is that you can use existing infrastructure."
MARK CRANDALL, CHAIRMAN, POSTSCRIPTUM
"The switch from coal to gas is a bigger thing than any switch to renewables."
"Batteries are about to happen. The first large scale delivery will start in July ... Whether they will live up to the hype is another thing. They still are not cheap enough."
"You can see the grim reaper for fossil fuels in the rear view mirror. In Chile and Argentina ... in non-subsidised tenders, renewables win. That's extraordinary compared to 5 years ago. Eventually it will catch up in the northern hemisphere." (Reporting by Julia Payne and Gus Trompiz, editing by Louise Heavens)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Philips Lighting Nv:
* FY NET INCOME EUR 281 MILLION VERSUS EUR 300 MILLION IN REUTERS POLL
* FY REVENUE EUR 6.97 BILLION VERSUS EUR 6.97 BILLION IN REUTERS POLL
* FY ADJUSTED EBITA EUR ‍​699 MILLION VERSUS EUR 690 MILLION IN REUTERS POLL
* PROPOSE TO PAY CASH DIVIDEND OF EUR 1.25 PER SHARE IN 2018
* REUTERS POLL: FY SALES EUR 6.97 BILLION, ADJUSTED EBITA EUR 690 MILLION, NET PROFIT EUR 300 MILLION,
* FY FREE CASH FLOW EUR 403 MILLION VERSUS EUR 418 MILLION YEAR AGO
* DIVIDEND REPRESENTING INCREASE OF 14% AND PAY-OUT RATIO OF 45%
* IN 2018, WE AIM TO IMPROVE OUR ADJUSTED EBITA MARGIN TO 10.0-10.5%, IN LINE WITH OUR MEDIUM-TERM OUTLOOK
* IN 2018, FREE CASH FLOW EXPECTED TO BE SOMEWHAT LOWER THAN LEVEL IN 2017
* EXPECTS TO BENEFIT FROM HIGHER SAVINGS AS OF H2 OF 2018.
* INTENDS TO REPURCHASE SHARES FOR AN AMOUNT OF UP TO EUR 150 MILLION IN 2018
* AIMS TO DELIVER POSITIVE COMPARABLE SALES GROWTH FOR FY 2018 WITH A SOFT START IN Q1
* EXPECTS THE IMPACT OF THE CHANGES ON ITS EFFECTIVE TAX RATE TO BE RELATIVELY NEUTRAL.‍​
* ANTICIPATES THE EFFECTIVE TAX RATE TO BE IN THE HIGH TWENTIES IN 2018, EXCLUDING THE IMPACT OF NON-RECURRING ITEMS‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO - The logo of German carmaker Volkswagen is pictured at the company's stand during the Hannover Fair in Hanover, Germany, April 25, 2016. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay/File Photo
NEW YORK Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) plans to build another new sport utility vehicle at its Chattanooga, Tennessee, plant as demand surges for larger vehicles, the German company's top U.S. executive said on Wednesday.
VW Group of America Chief Executive Officer Hinrich Woebcken told reporters at the New York auto show that the automaker planned to build a five-seat SUV in Tennessee, but they declined to say when production would begin. The news follows VW's 2014 announcement that the company would spend $900 million to build a new SUV in Tennessee.
VW, the largest automaker worldwide by sales, will start selling its new seven-seat VW Atlas SUV next month.
Woebcken said VW was shifting focus in the United States from a main car brand to a "family friendly" automaker offering larger, U.S.-built SUVs.
At the show, major automakers said they expected the popularity of SUVs to increase in the United States. SUVs' share of U.S. vehicle sales rose to nearly 40 percent in 2016 from 32.6 percent in 2014.
Woebcken would not say whether VW would add additional workers in Tennessee to build the new SUV.
VW will sell four separate SUVs in the United States later this year, a figure that does not include the new one.
The company said on Tuesday that it would continue selling the current Tiguan as the "Tiguan Limited" for several years even as it plans to offer a completely new, larger version later this year. The company also announced it was offering an industry-leading six-year, 72,000-mile warranty on its new SUVs.
As part of its diesel emissions settlement, Volkswagen has agreed to add at least three additional electric vehicles, including an SUV, in California by 2020 and must sell an average of 5,000 electric vehicles annually there through 2025.
Woebcken said they hope that decision will help boost the company's image in the United States. VW has agreed to spend up to $25 billion to buy back vehicles and resolve claims from U.S. regulators, dealers, owners and states.
(Reporting by David Shepardson, Editing by Franklin Paul and Lisa Von Ahn)
April 13 Wells Fargo & Co:
* Wells Fargo reports $5.5 billion in quarterly net income
* Q1 earnings per share $1.00
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.96 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Quarterly revenue $22 billion
* Wells Fargo & Co - CET 1 ratio (fully phased-in) of 11.2 percent at Q1-end versus 10.7 percent at Q4-end
* Wells Fargo & Co - qtrly net charge-offs of $805 million, down $81 million
* Wells Fargo & Co - qtrly total average loans of $963.6 billion, up $36.4 billion, or 4 percent
* Wells Fargo & Co - return on equity of 11.54 percent at q1-end versus 10.94 percent at Q4-end
* Wells Fargo & Co - qtrly net charge-offs were 0.34 percent of average loans (annualized), down from 0.38 percent
* Wells Fargo & Co qtrly nonperforming assets decreased $698 million from Q4 2016 to $10.7 billion
* Q1 revenue view $22.32 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Wells Fargo & Co - net interest income in Q1 2017 decreased $102 million from Q4 2016 to $12.3 billion
* Wells Fargo & Co - qtrly mortgage banking noninterest income was $1.2 billion, compared with $1.4 billion in Q4 2016
* Qtrly net interest margin was 2.87 percent, stable with Q4 2016
* Wells Fargo & Co - as expected, residential mortgage loan originations declined in Q1, down to $44 billion, from $72 billion in Q4
* Wells Fargo & Co - period-end loan balances were $958.4 billion at March 31, 2017, down $9.2 billion from December 31, 2016
* Wells Fargo & Co - expenses in Q1 were elevated compared with last quarter, driven by typically-higher Q1 personnel-related expenses
* Wells Fargo & Co - effective tax rate for Q1 included discrete tax benefits totaling $197 million
* Wells Fargo & Co - company currently expects full year 2017 tax rate to be approximately 30 percent
* Wells Fargo & Co -improvement in oil and gas portfolio, continued improvement in residential real estate, drove a $200 million reserve release in quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Fukuoka Reit Corp
* Says it will take out a loan of 2.3 billion yen from The bank of Fukuoka. ALL and Resona Bank, Limited on June 1
* Interest rate of one-month TIBOR (Tokyo Inter Bank Offered Rate)+ 0.35 percent and maturity on June 30
* Say it will take out a loan of 2.7 billion yen from THE NISHI-NIPPON CITY BANK, LTD., Resona Bank, Limited, Oita Bank.co,.ltd ,THE BANK OF NAGASAKI,LTD, THE BANK OF SAGA LTD on June 1
* Interest rate of one-month TIBOR (Tokyo Inter Bank Offered Rate)+ 0.35 percent and maturity on June 30
* Says it will use the proceeds to acquire trust beneficial rights of property and related expense
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/GCRS30
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
HONG KONG May 2 Hong Kong property and healthcare group Fullshare Holdings Ltd said on Tuesday allegations by Glaucus Research that caused its shares to plunge last week were "misleading and groundless".
California-based Glaucus Research Group, in a report last week, queried Fullshare's stock trading patterns, its valuation and asset disposals.
Saying the report comprised "irresponsible speculations," Fullshare said in a filing to the Hong Kong exchange that the company was consulting its legal advisers and would consider taking legal actions against Glaucus.
Glaucus, whose website does not have a phone number, did not immediately respond to an email from Reuters seeking comment.
Fullshare said it would consider a share repurchase and other measures to protect shareholders' interests.
Glaucus's report, the latest from an independent researcher questioning corporate practices at a Chinese company, triggered a trading suspension in Fullshare shares on April 25. The company has requested a resumption on May 4. (Reporting by Meg Shen; Editing by Mark Potter)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
ZAGREB Croatia prepared on Friday to rush through new legislation to protect the economy from big corporate failures, as the country's biggest private company Agrokor tried to secure a debt restructuring deal.
Some local media reported on Friday that Agrokor [AGROK.UL] had signed a deal with creditors overnight to restructure its debt, but the company declined comment and there was no confirmation from its creditors.
The food producer and retailer, the biggest employer in the Balkans, built up debts of about 45 billion kunas ($6.5 bln), or six times its equity, as it expanded rapidly.
The government has drawn up a new law which it hopes will prevent corporate financial problems from destabilising the wider economy and financial system.
"We're finalising the details and the government will send the law today for parliamentary approval," Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic said on Friday. "The goal is to provide a framework that would guarantee the economic stability when the big firms find themselves in trouble."
There were few details but local media said the law would enable the government to appoint a manager to stabilise the business in the event of financial problems at a major company, if there was a request from creditors and the company agreed.
Deputy Prime Minister Martina Dalic said last week that the law would apply to companies with more than 8,000 employees and debt above one billion euros ($1.1 bln). Russia's VTB bank, one of Agrokor's creditors, said on Wednesday that the government and a group of Agrokor creditors were set to sign a "standstill agreement" this week to freeze debt repayments as part of debt restructuring talks.
($1 = 0.9353 euros)
($1 = 6.9503 kuna)
(Reporting by Igor Ilic; Editing by Susan Fenton)
April 5 AccorHotels:
* says purchases digital specialist Availpro
* financial details of transaction not disclosed
* Availpro depicts itself on its website as a provider of e-booking software solutions which allows hotels to increase occupancy and revenue Further company coverage: (Paris Newsroom)
March 29 Atlanta Gold Inc:
* Has reached agreements to issue a total of 26.4 million common shares for aggregate consideration of C$2.4 million to Jipangu Inc
* In addition, Jipangu has agreed to subscribe for 14.9 million common shares at a price of C$0.09 per share
* Atlanta Gold announces financings with Jipangu
* Jipangu will have right to nominate up to one-half of co's Board for so long as Jipangu beneficially owns not less than 50% of co's shares
* Jipangu currently owns 19.5% of co's outstanding shares & upon completion of transactions, will own 52.2% of the then outstanding shares
* Net proceeds from financing will be used to pay down default interest on company's senior secured notes and debentures Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TOKYO, Dec 10 (Reuters) - The United States, Japan and South Korea will hold two days of missile tracking drills this week, Japan's Maritime Self-Defence Force said on Sunday, as tensions rise in the region over North Korea's fast-developing weapons programmes.
North Korea has fired two missiles over Japan as it pursues nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles in defiance of U.N. sanctions and international condemnation. On Nov. 29, it test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile which it said was its most advanced yet, capable of reaching the mainland United States.
The exercises, on Monday and Tuesday, will be the sixth drill sharing information in tracking ballistic missiles among the three nations, the defence force said.
The United States and South Korea conducted large-scale military drills last week, which the North said have made the outbreak of war “an established fact”.
Last month's missile test prompted a U.S. warning that North Korea's leadership would be “utterly destroyed” if war were to break out. The Pentagon has mounted repeated shows of force after North Korean tests.
North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea, Japan and the United States and says its weapons programmes are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. The United States stations 28,500 troops in the South, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War. (Reporting by Kaori Kaneko; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
: Husband of jailed AIADMK leader VK Sasikala, M Natarajan, died on Tuesday morning at a corporate hospital.Natarajan, 74, was admitted to the hospital on Saturday with a severe chest infection and was put on ventilator support.Image: PTINatarajan was an avid Tamil activist and was also running a vernacular magazine called 'Puthiya Paarvai'.He was formerly a Public Relations Officer with the state government. In 2011, they were one of the family members of Sasikala who were expelled by late Chief Minister and then AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa from the party.Though Jayalalithaa expelled Sasikala, their close aide, they later re-inducted her.Last year, Natarajan underwent a kidney transplant.It was not immediately known when the final rites will be held as the family anticipates a possible parole for Sasikala.Convicted in the Rs 66.6 crore disproportionate assets case, Sasikala is serving a four-year jail term in Bengaluru Parappana Agrahara prison since February.(with inputs from PTI)
April 28 Dream Vision Co Ltd:
* Says it has purchased 4,000 shares of TRECENTI Inc, from Nissen Holdings Co Ltd, for 19 million yen in all
* Says it holds 100 percent stake in TRECENTI, up from 0
* Effective date April 28
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/CoL7x3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LONDON, April 5 Caution prevailed across major markets on Wednesday before a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping later this week, although metals and oil prices firmed on hope of better global demand.
Market participants will also see the release of minutes from the last U.S. Federal Reserve meeting in which the central bank decided to raise interest rates.
Overnight, Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeffrey Lacker abruptly left the U.S. central bank after admitting that a conversation they had with a Wall Street analyst in 2012 may have disclosed confidential information about Fed policy options .
The dollar lost its grip on earlier gains as concerns over a North Korean missile test worsened sentiment ahead of the summit between the U.S. and Chinese leaders.
Topping the agenda at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida will be whether they make good on their threat to use U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in its nuclear-armed neighbour North Korea, which is working to develop missiles capable of hitting the United States.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a trade-weighted basket of six peers, was down on the day at 100.48, as slumping U.S. Treasury yields also gave investors little incentive to buy dollars.
"The meetings are expected to be informal, unscripted discussions of how the two countries will address, but not immediately resolve, their differences," said strategists at Morgan Stanley in a note to clients.
"Any commentary on how the US specifically wants to try to reduce the trade deficit with China will be watched by FX investors," the strategists wrote.
European stocks were little changed on the day as the cautious start to the second quarter continued. Oil and mining-related stocks were outperformers, lured higher by firmer commodities prices.
Oil climbed to a near one-month high on signs of a gradual tightening in global oil inventories and on concern about a supply outage at a field in the United Kingdom's North Sea that feeds into an international benchmark price.
Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil, were up 1 percent at $54.73 per barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures was also up 1 percent.
London copper rallied as Chinese traders returned from a two-day break to buy up metals following brighter global manufacturing reports. Zinc and nickel tracked a rally in steel.
Safe-haven gold steadied helped by sluggish moves in riskier assets. Spot gold edged up 0.1 percent. (Reporting by Vikram Subhedar; Editing by Stephen Powell)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
April 28 Pax Anlage AG:
* Paul-Henri Guinand is the new CEO of Pax Anlage AG. Franz Rutzer withdraws from their function
* Guinand will assume office on 1 May 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
May 3 Arris International Plc
* Arris announces preliminary and unaudited first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted non-GAAP earnings per share $0.40
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $0.21
* Q1 revenue $1.483 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.46 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.38 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees Q2 2017 adjusted earnings per share $0.55 to $0.60
* Sees Q2 2017 GAAP earnings per share $0.02 to $0.07
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue $1.64 billion to $1.69 billion
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.62, revenue view $1.65 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Arris International Plc- Order backlog at end of Q1 2017 was $1.304 billion, as compared to $1.335 billion at end of Q1 2016
* Arris International Plc- Company's book-to-bill ratio in Q1 2017 was 1.13, as compared to Q1 2016 of 1.24 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A man walks next to a BlackRock sign pictured in the Manhattan borough of New York, October 11, 2015. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
NEW YORK BlackRock Inc on Tuesday said it would overhaul its actively managed equities business, cutting jobs, dropping fees and relying more on computers to pick stocks in a move that highlights how difficult it has become for humans to beat the market.
The world's biggest money manager has faced active stock fund withdrawals and the revamp is its biggest attempt yet to engineer a turnaround.
Last May, BlackRock said it had recruited Mark Wiseman, the head of Canada's biggest public pension fund, to oversee the stockpicking operations after they revamped that fund's operations to embrace data-mining and other technological approaches to investing.
BlackRock is rebranding or adjusting investment strategies on about 11 percent of its $275 billion active stock fund business, putting a greater emphasis on technology-driven investing approaches in the largest set of sweeping changes for the business since transformational mergers that allowed it to grow to manage more than $5 trillion in assets.
Among the changes, BlackRock is removing some seven traditionalist "Fundamental" portfolio managers from their current assignments, according to a source familiar with the matter. More than 40 employees are being laid off, including some of the portfolio managers, according to another source.
The company will also cut fees on some products that are being rebranded as an "Advantage" series of lower-cost active funds.
Planned fee cuts on that group of funds and its "Income" products will slice about $30 million of BlackRock's revenue, and the company will take a $25 million charge this quarter to reflect severance and other compensation expenses.
The company said it will also expand its investments in data-mining techniques that it said can improve investment performance. Other funds are being refocused to take "high-conviction" bets on stocks.
Active stock managers in the United States have been smacked with withdrawals in recent years as investors increasingly fled to lower-cost products, including index-tracking exchange-traded funds, some of which charge as little as $3 annually for every $10,000 they manage, while the average charged by U.S. stock mutual fund managers is $131, according to data for 2015 from the Investment Company Institute trade group.
An industry bellwether, New York-based BlackRock also owns one of the most prized businesses in asset management, its iShares ETF franchise purchased from Barclays in 2009. Much of the company's active stock franchise is from its 2006 acquisition of Merrill Lynch Investment Managers.
The changes mark the latest of several attempts by BlackRock to boost an active fund business that represents nearly a third of its assets but an outsized near-50 percent of its fees.
BlackRock CEO Larry Fink has sometimes expressed disappointment in the performance of the company's actively managed stock funds, and they have pivoted increasingly to focusing on the company's data-driven "Scientific" equity teams.
"It seems like the Vanguard approach to active equity management," said Jason Kephart, senior analyst at Morningstar Inc, referring to the giant BlackRock rival that aggressively cuts fees and has also invested in tech-driven investment styles.
"The easiest way to make an active strategy more attractive is just to charge less for it."
BlackRock's equity overhaul also invites comparisons to that of another major asset firm rival, Pacific Investment Management Co. In 2015, Pimco's equity chief left and the Newport Beach, Calif firm liquidated two of its equity strategies after spending years attempting to diversify its investor base to include those buying equity products.
BlackRock shares rose 1.50 percent to $380.63 per share on Tuesday before the announcement.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and James Dalgleish)
April 6 Gibraltar Industries Inc
* Gibraltar Industries Inc - Effective as of April 1, 2017, Timothy F. Murphy was appointed to offices of senior vice president, CFO of co - SEC Filing
* Gibraltar Industries Inc - Murphy will succeed Kenneth Smith as company's senior vice president and chief financial officer - SEC Filing Source text: [bit.ly/2nPGaIv] Further company coverage:
ATHENS, March 28 The decision-making process that led FIFA to increase the number of teams at the World Cup to 48 starting with the tournament in 2026 is unacceptable, European Club Association chairperson Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said on Tuesday.
The European Club Association, which represents 220 football clubs, opposes the FIFA decision which Rummenigge, the former German international who is also Bayern Munich's chief executive, has previously dismissed as "nonsense".
Rummenigge said on Tuesday there were also issues with transparency in that specific FIFA process, without elaborating.
"I believe it is quite clear FIFA knows we are unhappy that they increased the number of participants by 50 percent," Rummenigge told reporters after the ECA's general assembly.
"This is a fact. The way of the decision-making and the transparency was not acceptable from our point of view.
"They are using our players, our employees in favour of the World Cup," they said. "We have every right to find a solution."
FIFA voted in January to increase the size of the World Cup from 32 teams to 48 from 2026, fulfilling a campaign promise of its president Gianni Infantino, who was elected last year.
FIFA says the tournament will not last longer than it does at present but big clubs in particular are angry at the prospect of losing even more players to their national teams.
Clubs have already complained about what they say is a crowded calendar of international matches for which they must release their players on a regular basis.
"I would call now especially on FIFA and (European soccer's governing body) UEFA to reduce the number (of international matches. We arrived at a point where players have to play too many games," Rummenigge said.
These organisations should "think more about football and not financial and political issues," they added. (Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Burnley midfielder Steven Defour will undergo knee surgery to repair damaged cartilage and faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines, manager Sean Dyche said.
Belgian international Defour has started 24 league games this season and played through pain in recent weeks before a precautionary scan revealed the extent of the injury.
”Defour will have an operation after seeing a specialist, it's a real blow,“ Dyche said. ”It's come out of the blue, he'd been playing on and felt a soreness in their knee, they played with it for a few weeks.
”We took them for a scan, one of those you probably wish you wouldn't have, and it showed something that needs doing, it's a bit of cartilage. That's the way it goes.
“Unfortunately he's going to be out for some time ... the specialist will have to sort it out and we'll wait and see what they say after the operation.”
Defour, however, said in a post on Instagram that the injury would rule them out for the rest of the season.
“Hard to take this one,” they said.
“Really gutted I can't end the season in the way I wanted it. Promise to come back stronger for the new season.” (Reporting by Shrivathsa Sridhar in Bengaluru)
BRIEF-SSH Communications Security offers up to 3.4 mln new shares in accelerated book-built offering
* SSH COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY OFFERS UP TO 3,400,000 NEW SHARES TO INSTITUTIONAL AND OTHER SELECTED INVESTORS IN AN ACCELERATED BOOK-BUILT OFFERING
CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-At least 3 people injured in San Francisco shooting -local media
June 14 At least three people were injured, including the suspected gunman, in a shooting on Wednesday at a United Parcel Service facility in San Francisco, local media reported.
SYDNEY Centre Tim Bateman scored a brace of tries as the Canterbury Crusaders continued their perfect start to the Super Rugby season with an emphatic 41-22 win over the New South Wales Waratahs in Sydney on Sunday.
The Crusaders also grabbed tries from George Bridge, David Havili, Bryn Hall and Ben Funnell as they punished a leaky Waratahs defence on a breezy day at Sydney Football Stadium.
Trailing 19-10 at half-time, the Waratahs fought back to within four points after quick tries to Jake Gordon and replacement winger Taqele Naiyaravoro but crumbled in the final 10 minutes to slump to their fourth loss of the season.
The Crusaders' win kept them top of the Australasian conference and they will enjoy a well-earned bye before they host the struggling Tokyo-based Sunwolves.
The victory also completed the rout of the Australian conference, with New Zealand sides winning all four trans-Tasman clashes over the weekend.
In a worrying sign for the troubled competition, Australia's five teams have yet to beat a New Zealand opponent this season.
Waratahs captain Michael Hooper had pledged a "good showing" for home fans before the match but it was the Crusaders storming to a 12-0 lead within 13 minutes.
Fullback Havili set up winger Bridge's opening try down the left touch-line and then grabbed one themselves minutes later, bounding through a yawning hole after a defensive mix-up by Hooper and Tolu Latu.
Hooper made up for the mistake 10 minutes later, diving over from a ruck after scrumhalf Jake Gordon carried the ball to within a metre of the line.
But the home side's defensive shortcomings were exposed again with a number of missed tackles preceding Bateman's first try seven minutes from halftime.
The outside centre had their second three minutes into the next half, shrugging off a weak tackle from winger Reece Robinson to canter beneath the posts.
The Waratahs hit back with a sumptuous set piece try when Gordon burst through at midfield and charged to the line, touching down between both Crusaders wingers.
Hulking replacement winger Naiyaravoro then fired up the home crowd with their best impression of Jonah Lomu, receiving the ball at the 10-metre mark on the right touch-line and bowling over Bridge before thundering over for the Waratahs' third try.
Flyhalf Mitch Hunt slotted a penalty in the 59th minute to give the Crusaders a seven-point buffer and the visitors defended stoutly to frustrate the hosts on their try-line.
The Waratahs' defiance faded away when another rash of missed tackles paved the way for Hall's try with eight minutes left before replacement hooker Funnell rumbled over in the 76th minute to wrap up the match.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
FILE PHOTO - The ticker and trading information for Blackstone Group is displayed at the post where it is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
SYDNEY Blackstone Group (BX.N) has put an A$3.5 billion ($2.65 billion) shopping mall portfolio in Australia up for sale, said a source familiar with the matter, in what could be one of the country's largest ever real estate transactions.
The source, who saw the termsheet for the sale, said that UBS and JPMorgan were mandated to run the sale, along with real estate agent Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL).
A spokesperson for Blackstone, the world's biggest alternative asset manager, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. Spokeswomen for UBS and JLL could not be immediately contacted, while a JPMorgan spokesperson did not have any immediate comment.
The Australian portfolio for sale comprises 10 shopping centers, mostly in Sydney and Melbourne, where a booming real estate market has pushed land values ever higher and population growth has underpinned retail spending.
"It is a very defensive portfolio because it is non-discretionary, there's no department stores in there," the source said, adding that the asking price was around A$3.5 billion.
Details of the sale were circulated last week, the source said.
Reuters reported in January that Blackstone is also readying a new $5 billion real estate fund, focused on investing in Asian property such as warehouses and malls in China, India and Australia.
Recent filings from Blackstone's first Asia-focused property fund, which invested in Japanese residential real estate, office space in Australia and Chinese shopping malls, show an internal rate of return of 17 percent through September 2016.
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Canadian grocery and pharmacy retailer Loblaw Cos Ltd (L.TO) reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as the company kept a tight lid on expenses and attracted more customers to its stores with discounts.
Loblaw, which sells everything from grocery to wireless mobile products, has been streamlining operations to counter intense competition from U.S. discount stores and ecommerce companies.
The company said last month it would sell its gas station business to asset manager Brookfield Business Partners LP (BBU_u.TO) for about C$540 million ($393 million).
Loblaw's revenue rose marginally to C$10.40 billion.
Sales at Loblaw's retail business rose slightly to $10.17 billion, but same-store sales were hurt by the timing of New Year's Day and Easter holidays.
Net earnings available to common shareholders rose to C$230 million, or 57 Canadian cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 25, from C$193 million, or 47 Canadian cents per share, a year earlier.
The latest quarter included a charge of C$134 million, while the year-ago quarter included a charge of C$145 million, primarily related to its acquisition of Shoppers Drug Mart.
Excluding items, the company earned 90 Canadian cents per share, beating the average estimate of 87 Canadian cents.
(Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
Caster Concepts, the nation's leading provider of caster wheels for commercial and industrial use, offers a variety of solutions for manufacturing industries that will add to workplace safety and efficiency.
Media Contact
Ferris Ayar
888-799-7166
fayar@casterconcepts.com Ferris Ayar888-799-7166
End
-- The industrial manufacturing industry is demanding, to say the least. The ability to move large loads easily, safely, and efficiently is important for any manufacturing facility's overall success. Caster Concepts, headquartered in Albion, Michigan, offers a variety of casters and caster wheel solutions designed with the industrial manufacturing industry in mind.CastershoX brand casters are designed to reduce workplace noise. Their unique materials will also help reduce shocks and jolts to loads due to obstacles or irregularities on the workplace floor.Twergo casters are the go-to brand in environments where very heavy loads must be moved safely. Twergo and Twergo Lite casters are ergonomically designed for comfort and safety.These free-rig systems are designed to work with a variety of ergonomic wheels to improve the safety and efficiency of load movement.Drive casters are motorized casters that give loads a bit of a "push" to make movement safer and more ergonomic. They help the user overcome friction and kinetic energy to start and stop load movement.Conversion drive casters feature not only the casters and motors, but also the conversion kits needed to safely attach them to carts and racks.When choosing the right caster wheels for industrial manufacturing settings, it's vital to consider factors such as load size, movement frequency, terrain, and environment. With this information, Caster Concepts can provide the right casters, wheels, and conversion kits to make the workplace safer and more efficient. For more information please visit: http://www.casterconcepts.com/
April 5 Walgreens
* On conf call- developing plans to introduce enhanced beauty offering to over 1,000 additional stores by end of the calendar year
* On conf call- now expect to close around 60 more stores Further company coverage:
March 30 Fibrogen Inc:
* Positive results published in nephrology dialysis transplantation from two China phase 2 trials of roxadustat for treatment of anemia in chronic kidney disease
* Published results from two China phase 2 program continue to show that that roxadustat corrects and maintains hemoglobin levels Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Baylor head coach Scott Drew reacts to a play against Mississippi State during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game in the second round of the NIT tournament, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Waco, Texas. (Jose Yau/Waco Tribune-Herald via AP)
After not making the NCAA tournament and getting knocked out in the second round of the NIT, Baylor fans are left wondering what to expect going into next season.
Here are the five reasons why the Bears will be back in the NCAA tournament next season:
Scott Drew is still their head coach
Having one of the best coaches in college basketball is always a good thing for a program, and the Bears have that in Scott Drew. The Bears have not missed the NCAA tournament in back-to-back seasons in over ten seasons. Over the last ten years for the Bears, they have averaged 23.6 wins per season. After the previous two appearances in the NIT for the Bears, the team has gone on to the Sweet 16 and Elite Eight. With Drew still at the helm for the Bears, fans should be hopeful for a quick turnaround.
Still talent on the team
The Bears will be losing their top four scorers from this season, but still have talent on the roster. Freshman Tristan Clark played well in spurts for the Bears this season, and after a solid offseason, will progress even more next year. The Bears will still have a solid ball handler in Jake Lindsey still on the roster and King McClure to score points off the wing next season. Also returning is the Bears do-it-all man in Mark Vital, who was a constant spark plug for the Bears this season. The Bears will have transfer Freddie Gillespie to be a team leader, filling the leadership void left by the graduating senior class.
In coming recruiting class
The signing day is still a month away, and the Bears already have big time names coming their way. The Bears have signed Matthew Mayer, a 6'7 small forward out of Austin Westlake, and Flo Thamba a 6'9 center from Mountain Mission School in Grundy, VA. The Two players bring height and talent to a front court that will need to replace Jo Lual-Acuil jr. and Nuni Omot's production. Both are top 20 players at their position's, and both are ready to step in and help the Bears next year.
Fixing the turnovers
The Bears had a rough season this year with forcing turnovers, and turning the ball over themselves. The Bears ranked last in the Big 12 in turnover margin (-1.9). The Bears had the most turnovers per game last season (13.6) and forced the second least amount (11.8) in the Big 12. Woring on fixing turnovers going into next season will be crucial for the Bears to return to the NCAA tournament next season. Luckily for the Bears, Jake Lindsey is still on the roster as they have a career 3-1 assist to turnover ratio.
Developing more three point shooters
The Bears were a middle of the pack team in the Big 12 this season in three point shooting, but are losing their top two three point shooters going into next season. The Bears as a whole shot 35.7 percent from three, for sixth best in the Big 12. With Omot and Manu Lecomte leaving, McClure and Lindsey are the top two three point shooters left on their roster. If McClure and Lindsey can develop a better shot to replace Lecomte and Omot's production, the Bears could turn into more of a dominated three point shooting team and not one that relies on dominating the post.
March 28 Systex Corp:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 3.5 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$ 1.5 per share
* To pay cash dividend of T$ 1.35 billion in total
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/VasZWt
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A pumpjack brings oil to the surface in the Monterey Shale, California, U.S., April 29, 2013. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
LONDON The shale oil boom has transformed the U.S. and global energy sector to such an extent that it has upended traditional supply dynamics and made forecasts far more polarized.
Investment banks, many of which finance new projects, along with oil majors such as Total and Eni, have warned that huge spending cuts caused by a plunge in oil prices since 2014 would lead to a supply crunch in the next two years.
Yet Goldman Sachs, the only bank to make more than $1 billion a year from commodities trading, believes a looming recovery in U.S. output on the back of higher oil prices combined with an avalanche of new conventional projects will create a substantial surplus by 2019.
Prior to the shale revolution, conventional oil was the only game in town. Estimating future supply essentially involved calculating the project pipeline and factoring in the "unknown knowns" such as political risk in oil-producing nations.
The ability of the shale sector to adapt quickly and nimbly to a lower-price environment means production cycles have shortened as fields can be switched on and off in a matter of weeks.
Most forecasters including OPEC and the International Energy Agency underestimated shale's decline during the oil price collapse and its production increases as prices recovered.
Goldman predicts the coming two years will see a huge burst of development, complicating OPEC's efforts to rebalance the market and ease a global glut with the help of output cuts.
"This long lead-time wave of projects and a short-cycle revival, led by U.S. shales, could create a material oversupply in 2018-19," Goldman's equity research team said last month.
"As OPEC prepares for its May 25 meeting, it is likely to weigh the relative benefit of stability (extend cut) versus the risk of long-term share loss."
Goldman estimates that new projects and rising shale output could add 1 million barrels per day (bpd) to global supply by 2018-2019.
The forecast contrasts with those of consultancy Wood Mackenzie, which foresees a supply gap of 20 million bpd by 2025, and Goldman's rival Morgan Stanley, which believes a surge in U.S. production this year will not derail the rebalancing.
"OPEC has successfully constrained output, and although drilling activity in U.S. shale is picking up rapidly, this will probably not come quick enough to prevent a period of sizeable inventory draws late this year," Morgan Stanley said.
"By 2020, we estimate that (around) 1.5 million bpd of demand will need to come from projects that have not been sanctioned yet, but that have break-even oil prices of $70-75 a barrel," the bank said.
BLACK HOLES
Goldman advises anyone from institutional investors such as pension funds, to oil producers and it seems the oil market is listening.
Brent crude futures show prices for oil deliverable up to 2019 trading below those for prompt delivery, before reverting to the contango structure of low prompt prices and higher futures prices that is typical of an oversupplied market.
Goldman stands by its prediction that supply and demand will fall into line this year, even though global crude inventories in developed economies alone top 3 billion barrels, some 300 million barrels above the five-year average that OPEC is targeting with its supply cuts.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and some of its biggest rivals including Russia, agreed in late2016 to cut output jointly by 1.8 million bpd for the first half of this year to tackle the overhang.
UBS, meanwhile, sees a potential 4 million bpd hole by 2020, even though a higher crude price this year has prompted some companies to bring forward their exploration and development plans.
"Beyond 2017, the impact of a collapse in longer-cycle conventional investment over 2014-16 begins to be felt. 2015 saw just six major upstream projects totaling (some) 0.6 million bpd ... versus the 3-4 million bpd average, and 2016 has seen just one major liquids project sanctioned," UBS strategist Jon Rigby said.
Bank of America-Merrill Lynch points out that along with the collapse in spending, the global rig count, a measure of production activity, shows no sign of picking up outside the United States.
According to oil services company Baker Hughes, the number of non-U.S. oil rigs has risen by just 29 since hitting an 11-year low of 666 in November last year, compared with a rise of 346 in U.S. rigs in just 10 months.
(Editing by Dmitry Zhdannikov and Dale Hudson; Graphics: IEA/Reuters)
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump holds up a chart showing the complexity of regulations as they speak at the 2017 North America's Building Trades Unions National Legislative Conference in Washington, U.S., April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of the World Trade Organization (WTO) are pictured in Geneva, Switzerland, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
The global economy is in a broad-based upturn with core inflation at last on the rise, according to a majority of economists polled by Reuters, but the worldwide gains remain under threat from trade protectionism.
Those findings come as the semi-annual gathering of finance officials from the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and the Group of 20 major economies kicks off in Washington, where the case against protectionist trade policies is expected to be a major theme.
Recent optimism on the global economy found in the Reuters poll is based on manufacturing and trade gains in some major economies and is in line with the IMF's upgraded projections in its latest quarterly World Economic Outlook.
"For the first time in five years, all the major economies seem to be growing in sync," noted Ajay Rajadhyaksha, head of macro research at Barclays.
"The global trade recession is over, fears of deflation have faded even as inflation pressures seem muted and the worst fears on global trade -- such as the U.S. immediately imposing tariffs on major trading partners -- have not come to pass."
The Reuters polls of over 500 economists across Asia, Europe and the Americas, however, suggested that concern remains about trade nationalism.
But on the economy as a whole, it revealed upgrades, or no change to growth forecasts compared with previous months, as well as a slightly stronger inflation outlook across most countries.
Global growth is forecast to rise to 3.4 percent this year, followed by 3.5 percent next -- back above the pace it was expanding at before the financial crisis struck almost a decade ago.
While the latest consensus was slightly lower than the IMF's projection of 3.5 percent global growth in 2017, the range of forecasts in the poll pointed to a slightly more optimistic outlook this time around, with higher highs.
Global trade is on track to expand 2.4 percent this year after growing at the slowest pace since the financial crisis, just 1.3 percent, in 2016, according to the World Trade Organization.
PLENTY OF RISKS
WTO director-general Roberto Azevedo said last week there was "deep uncertainty" about economic and policy developments, particularly in the United States and clarity was needed on U.S. President Donald Trump's "America First" trade policies.
Similar concerns were voiced by an overwhelming majority of economists who answered an additional question in the Reuters poll, suggesting broad agreement among economists on the need to resist protectionism.
While U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said such warnings were "rubbish," because the United States was less protectionist than its trading partners, Trump has made reducing trade deficits a key focus of their economic agenda to try to grow U.S. manufacturing jobs.
Doubts have risen, however, not only about Trump's ability to push through reflationary policies, but also around their other promises as confidence has eroded after the U.S. administration's failed attempt to overhaul healthcare.
"A rise in trade protectionism is still one of the major threats, even though it would appear that the likelihood of this taking place having subsided a bit," said Elwin de Groot, senior market economist at Rabobank.
Protectionism, though, is not restricted just to Washington. There is a rise in nationalist sentiment worldwide, starting with Britain's vote last year to leave the European Union and including various candidates in France's presidential election.
Euro zone economic growth is forecast to be steady despite the potential disruptions. [ECILT/EU]
"While most of the attention in Europe has been on national elections, the economy has been improving steadily, helped by a rebound in business investment and contributions from household consumption and public spending," said Barclays' Rajadhyaksha.
"Meanwhile, the effect of the Brexit vote on both the UK and the euro area so far has been less significant than most expected."
Indeed, previous Reuters polls showed a hard Brexit would cause the most damage to Britain's economy, but the latest survey showed growth forecasts were upgraded for the UK from last month. [ECILT/GB]
"Plenty of political, geopolitical and policy uncertainties persist... and changes in the world order will no doubt unfold in the coming years. But for now there is no denying that the data globally have been better than expected," Janet Henry, chief economist at HSBC, wrote in a note.
"Inevitably there is a sense that things are finally returning to a 'more normal' environment whereby the extraordinary world of near-zero rates and frequent doses of quantitative easing may no longer be required to sustain even a mediocre expansion."
(Polling, analysis and additional reporting by Reuters Polls Bengaluru and bureaus in Jakarta, Seoul, Beijing, Bangkok, Kuala Lampur, Sydney, Shanghai, Tokyo, Hanoi, London, Milan, Paris, Stockholm, Istanbul, Dubai, Cairo, Johannesburg, Toronto, Brasilia, Mexico City, Lima, Buenos Aires, Bogota, Caracas and Santiago; Editing by Ross Finley/Jeremy Gaunt)
(Adds detail, updates prices)
By Hideyuki Sano
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japanese government bond prices recovered, pulling the 10-year yield off 6-1/2-month highs, after the Bank of Japan acted decisively on Friday to curb a rise in bond yields, by offering “unlimited” buying in long-term Japanese government bonds.
The measure was the most important weapon for the BOJ to achieve its ultra-loose policy mandate -- the yield curve control (YCC) policy -- in which it aims to keep the 10-year JGB yield “around zero percent”.
The BOJ offered to buy 10-year JGBs at the yield of 0.110 percent, the same level it had offered unlimited buying twice last year.
Such buying at a specific yield level is considered the most powerful show of force in directing the market, compared with its regular bond purchases through auctions.
On top of that, the BOJ increased the amount of its planned buying through auction in five- to 10-year JGBs to 450 billion yen ($4.10 billion) from the 410 billion amounts it has favoured since late August.
“Today's operations have clarified the BOJ's stance (to keep the 10-year JGB yield from rising above 0.110 percent.) Concerns in markets should recede for now,” Noriko Tada, senior economist at Nomura Securities.
The price of the 10-year JGB futures rose to 150.28, from the day's low of 150.09 and up 0.08 on the day.
The benchmark 10-year cash JGB yield edged down to 0.090 percent, the same level as its previous close, from 0.095 percent touched earlier.
JGB yields have risen in recent weeks, in line with global peers, on rising expectations that the world's central banks are increasingly leaning towards winding back stimulus as the global economy gains momentum.
Investors have started to speculate that the BOJ could also be moving towards an exit from ultra-easy monetary policy, although BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has denied that they were considering such a major adjustment in the near future.
“I think the BOJ took pre-emptive steps to fend off further rises in JGB yields. JGB prices recovered so I think it was a success at least for now,” said Naoya Oshikubo, yen rates strategist at Barclays.
“But given that the main reason for higher yields comes from foreign bonds, the market will likely remain capped,” they added. ($1 = 109.6800 yen) (Editing by Eric Meijer and Jacqueline Wong)
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Club record signing Jota scored the first two goals of their Birmingham City career to lift Blues further away from trouble.
The £6m man grabbed a lucky long ranger in the 21st minute, then tapped in for another just before half time.
By then Blues had taken control through an early David Davis poacher's effort.
Manager Steve Cotterill was forced into making one change, with Jota coming in for the injured Jacques Maghoma.
And however unsettled Blues felt by that, it didn't show as the hosts gave them a huge helping hand.
There seemed no danger when Maxime Colin's eighth minute cross looked to be rolling through to Joe Wildsmith until Frederico Venancio chested the ball back to their own goal.
That allowed Davis to nip in on to blindside and poke into the unguarded net for their second in as many games.
Wildsmith was at fault for the second after Sam Gallagher won the ball back high up the pitch and fed Jota.
The former Brentford man fired a weak shot from 27-28 yards which was straight at Wildsmith.
But it confounded the goalkeeper who let it slip through their grasp and into the net.
Worryingly Blues had Jonathan Grounds carried off soon after, but Wednesday were reduced to ten men after that when Marco Matias appeared to dip their head at Cohen Bramall.
Blues hammered home their dominance in the fifth minute of first half added time when Wildsmith palmed Davis' cross-shot into Jota's path.
But the Owls ensured it wasn't too comfortable a second half as Lucas Joao hammered in after 54 minutes.
However, any hopes of mounting a sensational comeback were ended in the 72nd minute when the home team was reduced to nine after Daniel Pudil was booked for a second time for taking out Colin.
PARIS, April 23 Polls opened in France on Sunday for the first round a presidential election whose outcome is crucial to the future of Europe and a closely-watched test of voters' anger with the political establishment.
About 47 million voters are expected to cast their ballots in around 67,000 polling stations and monitored by more than 50,000 police officers.
(Reporting by Bate Felix; Editing by Andrew Callus)
BRIEF-Paradigm Biopharmaceuticals seeks trading halt
* Seeks trading halt pending review status of its current clinical trial in allergic rhinitis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Canadian dollar at C$1.2383, or 80.76 U.S. cents * Loonie hits the weakest level since Jan. 26, at C$1.2385 * Bond prices lower across steeper yield curve * 10-year yield reaches the highest intraday since May 2014 By Fergal Smith TORONTO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Canadian dollar weakened to a one-week low against its U.S. counterpart on Friday after a pickup in U.S. wage growth boosted the greenback, while higher bond yields weighed on global stock markets. At 9:52 a.m. EST (1452 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading 0.9 percent lower at C$1.2383 to the greenback, or 80.76 U.S. cents. The currency's strongest level of the session was C$1.2256, while it touched its weakest since Jan. 26 at C$1.2385. On Wednesday, the loonie touched its strongest level in four months at C$1.2250. U.S. job growth surged in January and wages posted their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years. The data helped push the U.S. dollar higher against a basket of major currencies as expectations rose that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates as soon as March. "I think the Fed is going to go in March," said Christian Lawrence, senior market strategist at Rabobank. "Potentially we could see more members essentially calling for four rate hikes this year." Global stocks fell, pressured by prospects of higher inflation and climbing bond yields. Canada's commodity-linked currency tends to weaken when risk appetite fades. U.S. crude prices were down 1.1 percent at $65.05 a barrel. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. Canadian government bond prices were lower across a steeper yield curve in sympathy with U.S. Treasuries. The two-year bond dipped 2.5 Canadian cents to yield 1.873 percent and the 10-year bond declined 15 Canadian cents to yield 2.384 percent. The 10-year bond yield touched its highest intraday level since May 2014 at 2.389 percent. The Canadian dollar is ditching its close shadowing of yield spreads, clearing the way for other metrics to drive the currency, as interest rate hike cycles in North America become more established and investors bet on a weaker greenback. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Paul Simao)
China freezes green car licences amid ongoing quality issues
BEIJING, June 15 China has put approvals for new electric vehicle ventures on hold until next year, three people familiar with the matter told Reuters, as quality issues continue to dog the world's largest market for green cars.
Community member protests the treatment of Dr. David Dao, who was forcibly removed from a United Airlines flight on Sunday by the Chicago Aviation Police, at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
A video screengrab shows passenger David Dao being dragged off a United Airlines flight at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in this video filmed by @JayseDavid April 9, 2017. Jayse D. Anspach via REUTERS
Crystal Dao Pepper, daughter of Dr. David Dao, reacts during a news conference at Union League Club in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
Crystal Dao Pepper, daughter of Dr. David Dao, speaks during a news conference at Union League Club in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
Crystal Dao Pepper, daughter of Dr. David Dao, speaks during a news conference at Union League Club in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
Crystal Dao Pepper, daughter of Dr. David Dao, speaks during a news conference at Union League Club in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
Crystal Dao Pepper, daughter of Dr. David Dao, speaks during a news conference at Union League Club in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
Thomas A. Demetrio, Chicago Aviation Attorney and Co-founder of Corby & Demetrio who represents Dao family, speaks during a news conference at Union League Club in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
Crystal Dao Pepper, daughter of Dr. David Dao, speaks during a news conference at Union League Club in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
CHICAGO The United Airlines passenger dragged from a plane in Chicago in an incident that sparked international outrage and turned into a corporate public relations nightmare suffered a concussion and broken nose and will likely sue, their attorney said on Thursday.
"For a long time airlines, United in particular, have bullied us," Thomas Demetrio told a news conference in Chicago, outlining the potential causes of action they may pursue against United and the city of Chicago.
"Will there be a lawsuit? Yeah, probably."
David Dao, a 69-year-old Vietnamese-American doctor, was hospitalized after Chicago aviation police dragged them from the plane to make space for four crew members on the flight from the city's O'Hare International Airport to Louisville, Kentucky.
Demetrio said the law stated that passengers could not be ejected from planes with unreasonable force. Chicago runs the airport and the city's department of aviation employs the three officers who dragged Dao off the plane.
Dao, who was discharged from the hospital on Wednesday night, suffered a significant concussion, a broken nose and lost two front teeth in the incident, and they will need to undergo reconstructive surgery, Demetrio said.
Video of Sunday's incident taken by other passengers and showing Dao being dragged up the plane aisle and with a bloodied mouth circulated rapidly, causing public outrage that was not calmed by the airline's initial response.
Dao's daughter, Crystal Dao Pepper, told the news conference that the family was "horrified, shocked and sickened" by what happened to their father. One of Dao's five children, Pepper, 33, called them a "wonderful father" and "loving grandfather" who had been returning from vacation in California.
"What happened to my dad should have never happened to any human being," they said.
Demetrio said Dao had told them that being dragged down the plane aisle was more terrifying than their experience fleeing Vietnam in 1975.
Demetrio and a second attorney, Stephen Golan, said neither they nor the family had heard from United yet.
United, in a statement, said Munoz and the company "called Dr. Dao on numerous occasions to express our heartfelt and deepest apologies." The company did not say how it would respond to any litigation, or whether the airline would try to settle.
Dao's lawyers filed an emergency request with an Illinois state court on Wednesday to require United Continental Holdings Inc and the City of Chicago to preserve video recordings and other evidence related to the incident, which would be a precursor to a lawsuit.
Other attorneys said state courts are typically more favourable to plaintiffs.
Chicago's law department spokesperson Bill McCaffrey declined to comment in an email, citing the pending litigation.
At a later city council aviation committee meeting, Chicago Department of Aviation Commissioner Ginger Evans said the department was investigating the incident and reviewing its training. Chicago Alderman Michael Zalewski, head of the committee, called the incident a nightmare that should have been avoidable.
United officials at the meeting apologised again and said they were reviewing all related company policies and would complete that process by April 30.
United Vice President John Slater said they were not at liberty to say who called the aviation police, but ruled out the plane's captain. United has no set policy for physically forcing passengers to deboard, they added.
"Chicago employees should not be doing the dirty work for the friendly skies airline," Chicago Alderman Edward Burke said at the meeting, adding Dao's civil rights had been violated.
Evans and United officials said they could not discuss the incident in detail, citing the pending litigation. However, Chicago Department of Aviation policy calls for its officers to not board planes to handle customer service issues, Deputy Commissioner of Security Jeff Redding said.
Several aldermen voiced frustration that Chicago's airport security force was deployed to handle a United problem, making the city a possible litigation target.
United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz is under pressure to contain a torrent of bad publicity and calls to boycott United, including from China, where people have been angered because Dao was an Asian-American passenger.
United shares have lost about 1 percent of their value since Monday. The stock closed down 1.2 percent on Thursday.
Munoz has sought in the last two days to make amends. In a statement on Tuesday they said they "deeply" apologised and was disturbed by what had happened. On Wednesday, they apologised to Dao, their family and United customers in an ABC News interview, saying the company would no longer use law enforcement officers to remove passengers from overbooked flights.
Demetrio called the apology "staged" and a response to the airline executive's earlier comments, which were heavily criticized by many.
In a letter to employees on Monday, Munoz did not apologise to Dao and defended the airline's actions, saying Dao had been "disruptive and belligerent."
Dao was offered $800 (£640) for their seat by United but did not want to take it, Demetrio said. Munoz previously said the airline offered up to $1,000.
Dao's wife was told to leave the plane after they were dragged off, Golan said.
AIRPORT POLICE
The city of Chicago, which Demetrio said had also not contacted the attorneys and family, is also potentially involved in any lawsuit because of the officers' involvement.
Chicago's Aviation Department said on Wednesday that two more officers had been placed on paid leave in connection with the incident. One officer was placed on paid leave on Tuesday.
Given the wide public outrage, Dao is in a strong position as they prepare to launch a legal action, lawyers who represent airlines and passengers said.
"United, if they're smart, will quickly and quietly settle the case," said Justin Green, a partner at the law firm Kreindler & Kreindler in New York who represents airline passengers.
(Additional reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York, writing by Ben Klayperson in Detroit; Editing by Frances Kerry and Richard Chang)
The logo of Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) is seen at its headquarter building in Beijing January 17, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
WASHINGTON The World Bank Group and the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank said on Sunday they agreed to deepen their cooperation with a framework for knowledge sharing, staff exchanges, analytical work, development financing and country-level coordination.
The memorandum of understanding signed at the World Bank and International Monetary Fund spring meetings in Washington comes a year after the two multilateral lenders established mechanisms for cost-sharing and co-financing of investment projects.
Since then, the AIIB and the World Bank have co-financed five projects, supporting power generation in Pakistan, a natural gas pipeline in Azerbaijan, and projects in Indonesia to rebuild slums, improve dam safety and develop regional infrastructure.
They said in a joint statement that they are discussing more projects to be co-financed in 2017 and 2018.
"Signing this memorandum of understanding fits into our vision of a new kind of internationalism," AIIB President Jin Liqun said in a statement. "It deepens our relationship with the World Bank Group and sets up the mechanisms through which we can more easily collaborate and share information."
A World Bank spokesperson said the knowledge-sharing memorandum was similar to one that was in place during the AIIB's early development stages, but which ended when the Beijing-based institution was formally launched in January 2016.
They said the new agreement does not specify financing amounts or targets, adding that those will be determined through meetings and consultations to discuss the banks' respective portfolios.
The AIIB has been viewed as a rival to the Western-dominated World Bank and Asian Development Bank. The United States initially opposed its creation and is not a member, but many U.S. allies, including Canada, Britain, Germany, Australia and South Korea have joined.
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim told Reuters on Thursday that they want to push the Washington-based lender's business model towards harnessing more private capital for development finance.
In a statement on Sunday, Kim said: "Collaboration between development institutions is essential to make the best use of scarce resources, crowd-in the private sector, and meet the rising aspirations of the people we serve."
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Phil Berlowitz, Peter Cooney and David Gregorio)
Manager Mauricio Pochettino has played down Tottenham Hotspur's chances of beating Chelsea to the Premier League title this season, but admitted "nothing is impossible" after watching their team cut the gap on the leaders over the weekend.
Chelsea saw their lead trimmed to seven points after falling to a shock 2-1 home defeat by Crystal Palace on Saturday, while second-placed Spurs beat Burnley 2-0 away to breathe life back into the title race.
Pochettino, however, said there was still a "massive difference" between the teams and insisted that Tottenham's main target was to improve on last season's third-placed finish.
"Nothing is impossible – that is our idea and our philosophy. We need to keep going in that direction. It is tough to compete and win every game in the Premier League," Pochettino told a news conference on Monday.
"We reduced the gap to Chelsea by three points but it is still a big gap. Seven points is a massive difference. For us it's about being focussed and trying to improve on last season in terms of numbers."
Tottenham visit relegation-threatened Swansea City on Wednesday, while Chelsea's lead could be cut further after they host fourth-placed Manchester City, but Pochettino said there was no pressure on the league leaders.
"Our challenge is to be consistent but there is still a big gap to Chelsea and a lot of work to do," they said.
"So many of their players have the experience of how to manage pressure. They can win or lose but it is not a question of putting pressure on them. We are fighting to keep our position in the table – second – and then see what happens.
"We will keep to our philosophy and if we assess the season it is fantastic, very good," they said. It is a reality that we are there, second in the table. Now in the last period of the season we must focus, give our best and fight to the end."
The Argentine will still be without striker Harry Kane, fullback Danny Rose and midfielder Erik Lamela for the trip to Swansea, while youngster Harry Winks could be out for the season after injuring their ankle at Burnley.
The 21-year-old left the field on a stretcher, and Pochettino said it "will be difficult for them to play again this season".
Midfielder Victor Wanyama injured their back in the Burnley game and faces a late fitness test to see if they will be available for Wednesday.
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
* Investors worry Trump may take protectionist steps with Xi
* European stocks touch 16-month high, then ease
* Generally upbeat manufacturing data supports dollar
* Oil prices under pressure on Libyan output recovery (Adds close of European markets, oil settlement prices)
By Herbert Lash
NEW YORK, April 3 Global equity markets eased on Monday as investors awaited the first meeting later this week between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, while the dollar gained on a positive backdrop of rising U.S. interest rates.
European shares touched a 16-month high before paring gains as they tracked Asian shares higher in the wake of upbeat manufacturing data out of Europe and China.
Shares on Wall Street fell as investors assessed how Trump's protectionist stance on trade will play out during meetings with Xi slated for Thursday and Friday.
Trump held out the possibility, in an interview published on Sunday by the Financial Times, of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation against North Korea.
"The market will be anxious and will be eager to glean whatever they get from those talks," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey.
"The market was a little taken aback by Trump's comments recently about the meeting," they said.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index fell 0.57 percent to close at 1,494.48, shedding earlier gains, and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.31 percent.
German manufacturing growth hit almost a six-year high in March, Markit's Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) showed. Manufacturing activity in France and Italy also rose, adding to signs of a pick-up in the global economy.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 74.98 points, or 0.36 percent, to 20,588.24. The S&P 500 lost 10.85 points, or 0.46 percent, to 2,351.87 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 25.61 points, or 0.43 percent, to 5,886.13.
The dollar rose amid investor expectations U.S. rates will continue to rise this year, even as Federal Reserve officials have said the Fed is in no rush to tighten monetary policy.
"U.S. fundamentals remain solid, may improve further still, if the president can make some quick progress on tax reform," said Shaun Osborne, chief FX strategist at Scotiabank in Toronto.
U.S. construction spending and manufacturing data were positive overall, affirming the economy's steady improvement and helping lift the dollar. Construction spending grew 0.8 percent to $1.19 trillion, the highest since April 2006.
The dollar index rose 0.16 percent, with the euro up 0.19 percent to $1.0669. The Japanese yen gained 0.45 percent versus the greenback at 110.89 per dollar.
Oil prices were under pressure as a rebound in Libyan oil output over the weekend offset upbeat economic data from Asia that suggested robust energy demand from the region.
Benchmark Brent futures fell 41 cents to settle at $53.12 a barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures settled down 36 cents at $50.24 a barrel.
Manufacturing data showed factories across much of Asia posted another month of solid growth in March.
The Bank of Japan's "tankan" survey showed business sentiment improved, albeit slightly less than expected.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yields touched more than one-month lows as a reallocation into U.S. government debt at the start of the quarter boosted demand and drove up prices.
Benchmark 10-year notes last rose 14/32 in price to yield 2.3443 percent.
Yields on German government bonds, regarded as among the safest assets in the world, tumbled after a subway explosion in St. Petersburg, Russia, boosted demand for safe-haven debt just as a reduction in the European Central Bank's asset purchases kicked in.
Ten-year Bund yields hit a one-month low of 0.275 percent.
(Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)
Arsene Wenger lives to fight another day after Arsenal twice battled back to draw 2-2 with Manchester City on Sunday but, despite their praise for the club's fans, their side are in danger of missing out on the top four for the first time since 1996.
Against a background of supporter discontent over the form of Wenger's team as the Frenchman decides their future, with a protest outside the ground before kick-off urging the manager to leave their post, Arsenal were nervy from the start.
When they fell behind to Leroy Sané's fifth-minute opener, the hosts appeared destined to collapse in a fashion that has become all-to-familiar under Wenger, whose charges have won one of nine matches against their top seven rivals this season.
However, Arsenal rallied - demonstrating a mental strength that has been absent in recent weeks - - and silenced some of the dissenters with a gutsy fightback.
"Despite all that's happened on the fans front, I felt our fans were fantastic today," Wenger told reporters. "In very difficult moments in the game, I felt our fans, at 1-0 down , 2-1 down just before halftime, could have turned against us.
"I felt they were absolutely sensational and helped the team today get through that difficult moment."
Regardless of Arsenal's comeback, Wenger's future appears as precarious as ever, with CEO Ivan Gazidis telling fans at a scheduled meeting before the match that the club's recent underwhelming form could be a "catalyst for change".
"I'm not aware of what's happening outside," Wenger added. "What's important in football is what happens on the pitch and inside the stadium, and I feel the fans were absolutely outstanding today."
The Frenchman may yet decide to stay at The Emirates, although there is an increasing sense of finality about their tenure and Wenger's proud record of 20 consecutive top-four finishes seems in jeopardy.
Arsenal is sixth on 51 points, with 10 games to play, two behind Manchester United in fifth and seven adrift of Manchester City, who occupy the fourth and final Champions League qualifying position and have played a game more.
Some fan discontent may have been quelled by Arsenal's recovery on Sunday but unless Wenger can oversee an upturn in form, their proud top-four record, and reign in north London, are set to be undermined by their side's continued underachievement.
(Editing by Ken Ferris)
GENEROUS: Superintendent Craig Hawkins and Inspector Pat Swindells handed over almost $300 to pensioner Carol Arthurson.
GENEROUS: Superintendent Craig Hawkins and Inspector Pat Swindells handed over almost $300 to pensioner Carol Arthurson. Jim Alouat
WHEN Bundaberg disability pensioner Carol Arthurson lost their purse containing their $450 pension they were devastated.
Ms Arthurson retraced their steps but had no luck finding it.
They took to Facebook and posted on the Bundy Classifieds page in the hope of finding a Good Samaritan who may have come across it and handed it in.
"That money meant a lot to me," they said.
A Bundaberg police officer saw their post and felt sorry for Ms Arthurson they started a whip around, raising nearly $300 from fellow officers at Bundaberg Police Station.
A tearful Ms Arthurson visited the station yesterday to receive the gift.
"I was not expecting it," they said.
The keen op shopper said they were grateful for the kindness of the Bundaberg police department and the act had restored their faith in the community.
"Thank you so much," they told police.
Bundaberg police Inspector Pat Swindells said they were told about the situation a couple of days ago.
"We felt it would be the perfect opportunity to give back to the community because they help us during our times of trouble," they said.
"When you are out shopping make sure you don't let your handbags, wallets out of your sight."
Ms Arthurson said they would spend the money on a wireless printer for their laptop so they could print out stuff instead of having to travel into town.
"A big thank you to everyone on Facebook to for all the help I've had," they said.
* The Biggest reduction in the UAE, which had lagged on compliance
* Saudi ups supply but stays below its OPEC output target
* Cut-exempt Nigeria, Libya pump less
* For output by country, compliance details, see
By Alex Lawler and Rania El Gamal
LONDON/DUBAI, March 29 OPEC oil output is likely to fall for a third straight month in March, a Reuters survey found on Wednesday, as the United Arab Emirates made progress in trimming supplies while maintenance and unrest cut production in exempt nations Nigeria and Libya.
The reduction by the UAE has helped boost OPEC compliance this month with its production-cutting deal to 95 percent, up from an initial February estimate of 94 percent and a record high, according to Reuters surveys.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries pledged to reduce output by about 1.2 million barrels per day (bpd) from Jan. 1 - the first accord on supply curbs since 2008. Non-OPEC countries pledged to cut about half as much.
OPEC wants to end a glut that is keeping oil below $52 a barrel, half the level of mid-2014. But stocks are still high despite strong OPEC compliance, boosting expectations that the group will seek to prolong the agreement.
"OPEC is now facing the prospect of falling short of its objective," said Stephen Brennock of oil broker PVM. "Bulging global oil stockpiles will not draw down to the five-year average unless OPEC-led cuts are extended."
Compliance of 95 percent is higher than OPEC achieved in its last cut in 2009, Reuters surveys show. Analysts including those at the International Energy Agency have put adherence in 2017 even higher, with the IEA calling it a record.
March's biggest reduction came from the UAE, which was slower than Kuwait and Saudi Arabia to trim supply. Output is lower this month because more cuts have been implemented and due to planned maintenance, industry sources say.
After limited reductions earlier in 2017, UAE officials and industry sources have said the country would improve average compliance during the six-month duration of the supply cut.
The Reuters survey showed Saudi Arabia's output rose slightly in March from a large reduction in February. Even with March's increase, the total curb achieved is 564,000 bpd, well above the target cut of 486,000 bpd.
As a result, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and as of this month, the UAE, compensated for the weaker adherence of other members, including Algeria, Ecuador, Gabon and Venezuela.
Iraq has boosted compliance too, the survey found, with exports from northern and southern ports falling. A supertanker collided with a berth at Basra oil terminal in late March, although this did not affect shipments significantly.
Iran's production rose slightly. Tehran was allowed a small increase in output under the OPEC agreement.
Lower output in Nigeria and Libya, which are exempt from the curbs, helped bring overall OPEC production down.
Nigerian production fell partly because of planned maintenance at the Bonga field. A recovery in Libya ran into a setback after armed protests blocked output from two fields.
OPEC announced a production target of 32.5 million bpd at its Nov. 30 meeting, which was based on low figures for Libya and Nigeria and included Indonesia, which has since left the group.
The Libyan and Nigerian reductions mean OPEC output in March has averaged 32.01 million bpd, about 260,000 bpd above its supply target adjusted to remove Indonesia.
The Reuters survey is based on shipping data provided by external sources, Thomson Reuters flows data, and information provided by sources at oil companies, OPEC and consulting firms.
(Editing by Dale Hudson)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster signed the Work Zone Safety bill that will increase fines for thoughtless drivers in work zones. This comes after two SC DOT workers were killed in Aiken County by a driver back in March.
Under the new law, you could lose up to points off your license if you're caught speeding in work zones as well as face fines ranging from $500 to $5000 for endangering any workers, whether they're hit or not.
It took five years to get the Work Zone Safety bill passed. Governor Henry McMaster signed the bill Wednesday with several families in attendance who have lost loved ones while working on SC roads. "They're actually driving a lethal weapon. You must be careful and a moment not paying attention can cause tragedy for families for generations they will never get over," says Governor McMaster
Most recently, two SC DOT workers, Anthony Redmond and Robert Clark were killed back in March while working in Clearwater. Lonnie Miller was arrested and charged with two counts of hit and run in a deadly accident. Carla Rentschler, who knew both victims, says it's been an emotional couple of months "To have to take Tony's and Robert's life to get a bill that was trying to be passed five years ago, It's bittersweet. I'm glad it's passed now but I hate we had to lose Tony and Robert to do it."
Rentschler's family, including their husband, work for the Department of Transportation. They say they all have come into close contact with cars several times while working. And going forward, they hope this bill and the costly fines up to $5,000 goes a long way to drivers. "Please slow down. So, it's not another father, son, brother, grandfather, cousin or whatever. Just slow down and watch out for these guys that are working on the roads."
"They don't have on bulletproof vests like the law officers do and they're not carrying weapons like the military but they're putting their lives at risk to keep our state growing and prospering," says McMaster.
Aside from the increased fines, there will also be an increased police presence with these crews and they'll be on the lookout for drivers.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved
April 13 Nikkei
* Daito Trust Construction's group operating profit is likely to rise about 4% to roughly 125 billion yen for current fiscal year ending March 2018 - Nikkei
* Daito Trust Construction Co Ltd 's sales are seen climbing 6 percent to 1.58 trillion yen for the current fiscal year ending March 2018 - Nikkei Source text for Eikon: [ID:s.nikkei.com/2o9QN93] Further company coverage:
Scana
* Ceo says to continue westinghouse project work during a 30-day period of evaluation
* Ceo says needs 30-day period to determine most prudent path forward
* Says preferred option is to finish westinghouse plants
* Says expects westinghouse resources are sufficient to compensate for cost overruns without resorting to toshiba guarantees Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
March 28 FIRSTFARMS A/S
* IN 2017, FIRSTFARMS EXPECTS AN EBIT-RESULT IN LEVEL OF DKK 18-22 MILLION
* EARNINGS IN 2017 ARE EXPECTED TO BE STABLE FOR MILK- AND PIG PRODUCTION IN EU
* 2017 CROP PRICES ARE EXPECTED TO BE ON PAR WITH REALISED PRICES IN 2016, AND A MILK PRICE OF DKK 2.50 IS EXPECTED
* IN 2017, COMPANY WILL WORK ON DEVELOPMENT OF PLATFORM FOR PIG PRODUCTION AND STABILISE OPERATION IN MILK PRODUCTION.
* FY NET TURNOVER DKK 130.3 MILLION VERSUS DKK 111.8 MILLION YEAR AGO
* 2016 EBIT-RESULT IS IMPROVED BY DKK 12 MILLION COMPARED TO 2015
* FY EBIT LOSS DKK 2.8 MILLION VERSUS LOSS DKK 14.7 MILLION YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* 22.6 million barrels of crude sold from storage in March
* Chinese demand, more crude deliveries to Asia trigger sales
* Crude oil shipments to Asia to hit record levels in April
By Mark Tay
SINGAPORE, April 20 Crude oil sales from storage tanks around Singapore rose to an 11-month high in March, with nearly half of the volumes going to China and traders clearing inventories ahead of record shipments to Asia expected to arrive in April.
Traders sold a total of 22.6 million barrels of crude from storage in Singapore, southern Malaysia and northern Indonesia in March, Thomson Reuters Eikon trade data showed. Around half of the volumes went to China, partly to help quench the still-growing demand from the country's independent refiners.
"Strong demand from the teapots played its part, as they feared delays to their June quota renewal, and so (they) over-bought during Q1 2017," said Virendra Chauhan, oil analyst at Energy Aspects.
China started granting independent refiners, sometimes called teapots, crude oil import rights from 2015, resulting in a surge of overseas orders in 2016. That has continued into this year, with China's overall March crude imports hitting a record at nearly 9.2 million barrels per day (bpd).
Despite the large sales this pulled from Singapore storage, the inventory drawdown does not necessarily indicate that an effort led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to cut production to tighten supplies and prop up prices is bearing fruit.
"It's too early to say (if this means the OPEC output cut is working). Of course China buying almost 600,000 barrels per day more crude in Q1 2017 has helped, but we don't see that as a sustainable pace of growth," Chauhan said.
There are also concerns that while China's surging imports eat up crude volumes, they may contribute to a fuel overhang as Chinese refiners churn out more products like gasoline and diesel than the market can absorb.
MORE OIL ARRIVING
Traders said the storage clearances were also in part due to anticipation of large volumes coming into Asia from other regions in the coming weeks.
Crude shipments to Asia will rise to a record of 744.3 million barrels in April, about 20 million barrels more than March deliveries, according to Eikon trade data.
"The 20 million (additional) barrels and the 22.6 million barrels (sold from storage) – there is some kind of correlation there," said Oystein Berentsen, managing director for oil trading company Strong Petroleum in Singapore.
"They are refilling their storage tanks ... The contango is a bit deeper, so if you already have an empty tank and you are paying 50 to 60 cents a month then it makes economical sense," Berentsen said.
Producers in Latin America, the United States and the Mediterranean have been taking advantage of higher prices in Asia than in the Atlantic basin, with the trade data showing they will ship a record 87.6 million barrels of crude to Asia this month.
The April-arrival Atlantic Basin crude shipments to Asia were likely traded in late-January or February when U.S. WTI crude prices were about $2.50 a barrel below global benchmark Brent crude CL-LCO1=R, making the trades profitable.
Oil shipments from the U.S. Gulf Coast, via the Cape of Good Hope, typically take up to 60 days to reach Asia.
(Reporting by Mark Tay, with additional reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Tom Hogue)
FILE PHOTO: Smoke bellows from the chimneys of Belchatow Power Station, Europe's largest biggest coal-fired power plant, in this May 7, 2009 file photo. REUTERS/Peter Andrews/Files
BRUSSELS Power plants in the European Union will have to cut the amount of toxic pollutants they emit such as nitrogen oxides under new rules approved by EU member states on Friday and widely applauded by environmental groups.
The decision imposes stricter limits on emissions of pollutants like nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide, mercury and particulate matter from large combustion plants in Europe.
"Air pollution is the prime environmental cause of premature death in the European Union," said Enrico Brivio, a spokesperson for the European Commission.
Large combustion plants account for a big share of air pollutant emissions across the EU: 46 percent of sulfur dioxide, 18 percent of nitrogen oxide, 39 percent of mercury and 4 percent of dust, they added.
NGOs say the new rules could save more than 20,000 lives every year by reducing pollution from coal-fired power plants alone.
The EU's Industrial Emissions Directive, its main instrument regulating pollutant emissions from industrial plants, entered into force in 2011.
It sets EU-wide emission limits on large combustion plants for certain pollutants which can cause respiratory diseases.
However, the directive has been criticized for exemptions which have allowed more than half of Europe's coal plants to exceed limits for harmful pollutants, according to a report by environmental groups last year.
Several countries which are heavily reliant on coal, such as Poland, Bulgaria, Germany and the Czech Republic, were opposed to the changes.
"EU coal power plants will now either have to reduce their pollution or close down," said Darek Urbaniak, senior energy policy officer at WWF.
"It is about time Europe quits its dirty coal addiction for good and invests in energy efficiency and renewables instead."
There had been concerns in some countries such as Bulgaria that power plants would be forced to close down or that electricity prices would go up.
Brivio said "the European law does not require the closure of Bulgarian plants and will not increase the price of electricity."
National authorities will be able to use a derogation, or form of exemption, when costs would be disproportionate compared with the environmental benefits, Brivio said, while respecting environmental safeguards.
The stricter limits will apply to all 2,900 large combustion plants in the EU, including coal-fired power stations and peat, oil and gas power plants, and will have to be met by 2021.
(Additional reporting by Nina Chestney in London; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
A yellow card for a high tackle in the third test against the British and Irish Lions and one in their very next match for the Blues against the Sunwolves have forced Jerome Kaino, one of the hardest hitters in the game, to change how they defend.
Both sin-binnings were costly and that has added to the gravity of what Kaino has admitted is a trend.
The All Blacks were leading the Lions 12-9 at Eden Park in July when Kaino was shown a yellow card for their high tackle on lock Alun Wyn Jones early in the second half and the test finished in a 15-all draw.
Against the Sunwolves in Tokyo a week later, Kaino again was given 10 minutes on the sideline in the second half as their side crumbled to a shock 48-21 defeat, and there was no sidestepping the issue for the 34-year-old loose forward.
Advertisement
"I definitely have to address it," they told the Herald.
"I have to try to adapt to how the games are being officiated now. We could throw our hands up and say they are marginal calls but it's the way the game is going now and anything close to the head is going to be ruled on.
"That's where I have to evolve and change my tackling technique. We're well under way with that. I've been trying to lower my tackle focus.
"I'm definitely aware it wasn't a one-off. Getting two yellow cards is a trend and so I have to take it on myself to change."
Neither of Kaino's hits was intentionally high but both made contact with their opponent's head and under World Rugby's new directives this year, the decisions by the officials were relatively straightforward.
Kaino was unlucky to strike Jones as the Lions lock ducked their head into the tackle, but there was no such excuse for the flanker striking the head of Sunwolves centre Willy Tupou for the second one.
"When you don't intend for things to happen and you have to spend time away when your teams are doing the hard yards without you [it's difficult], but we know the rules," they said.
Kaino's front-on defence around the breakdown has been notoriously aggressive since before the 2011 World Cup, a tournament in which they played all but a couple of minutes for the All Blacks.
They were in devastating form again four years later in England and Wales and since then, but now they have no choice but to amend their technique.
Kaino, who made their All Black debut back in 2004, is the longest serving player in the team and is one of the few who can remember when winning the Bledisloe Cup was a novelty.
The All Blacks have held what they regard as their second most important piece of silverware after the World Cup since 2003.
"I remember meetings when guys in the environment who had never really had the trophy," Kaino said.
"I was lucky to come into the environment when we had just won it back. You got to see the appreciation and how treasured the trophy was.
"I saw guys like Justin Marshall and Anton Oliver, how they really appreciated being able to touch the trophy. They'd talk about times when they tried to take it off Australia and couldn't."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Formula One - F1 - Bahrain Grand Prix - Sakhir, Bahrain - 13/04/17 - McLaren Honda Formula One driver Stoffel Vandoorne of Belgium speaks during drivers' press conference at the Bahrain International Circuit ahead of the Bahrain F1 Grand Prix. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
SOCHI, Russia Belgian rookie Stoffel Vandoorne is set to start Sunday's Russian Formula One Grand Prix from the back of the grid after their troubled McLaren suffered more engine problems in Friday practice.
Honda said the power unit had been changed, with the excessive use of various components translating into a 15-place penalty.
The Belgian is now on their fifth turbocharger and fifth heat motor generator unit (MGU-H) in three races. The rules allow each driver four power units, made up of six separate elements, to last the full 20 round seasons.
Vandoorne qualified 17th at the previous race in Bahrain, 16th in China and 18th in the Australian season-opener, with 20 cars on the grid.
Former champions McLaren are enduring a miserable season, currently last in the championship and without a point.
Such is the team's plight that Vandoorne's Spanish teammate and double world champion Fernando Alonso will be skipping the showcase Monaco Grand Prix next month to instead compete in the Indianapolis 500 on the same day.
The 35-year-old told reporters on their arrival at the Sochi circuit, after spending the weekend watching IndyCar and having a seat fitting in the United States, that the decision had given them something positive to focus on.
"You reset a little bit your mind and you are again a rookie in a sense, so you start learning things and being very open to engineers' discussions," they said.
"These two weeks from Bahrain to here, instead of re-thinking about the disappointment of Bahrain you have been very busy. So you arrive here with again a motivation to do well and hopefully finishing the race.
"It's good for the head."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Mitch Phillips)
* Premium for cash tin over 3-month jumps
* LME/ShFE arb: tmsnrt.rs/2oQ5nm2 (Adds closing prices)
By Pratima Desai
LONDON, May 2 Copper prices hit a three-week high on Tuesday due to concerns about supply disruptions in Indonesia, but caution over slowing demand in top consumer China capped gains.
Benchmark copper on the London Metal Exchange, untraded in the rings, ended up 1.2 percent at $5,735.50 a tonne from an earlier $5,820 a tonne, its highest since April 10.
"The news about the strike in Indonesia at Grasberg has lifted prices," said Julius Baer analyst Carsten Menke, adding that slowing activity in China's manufacturing sector, a major source of demand for industrial metals, was a negative.
GRASBERG: Thousands of workers from the Indonesian unit of Freeport McMoRan Inc staged a rally near the Grasberg copper mine on Monday, protesting against layoffs by the miner due to a contract dispute with the government.
CHINA: China's factory sector lost momentum in April, with growth slowing to its weakest pace in seven months as domestic and export demand faltered and commodity prices fell, a private survey showed on Tuesday.
LEAD: The price of lead was slightly weaker at $2,248 a tonne, but supported by worries about supplies on the LME market.
LEAD STOCKS: Latest data shows lead stocks in LME approved warehouses up 4,150 to 169,425 tonnes MPBSTX-TOTAL, but that total is still 10 percent below the level at the end of March.
LEAD WARRANTS: Cancelled warrants -- material earmarked for delivery and so not available to the market -- account for nearly half of total inventories. Traders are also watching a large position holding between 30 and 39 percent of warrants.
LEAD SPREADS: The premium, or backwardation, for cash metal over the three-month contract rose to $34.50 a tonne on Friday, its highest since late January MPB0-3.
LEAD DEMAND: "On the demand side, offtake remains strong on both sides of the Atlantic, with only limited signs of seasonal weakness," INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir said. "European battery demand is particularly good on account of strong vehicle sales. However, the Chinese market does not look as inspiring."
TIN SPREADS: The premium for cash tin over the three-month rose to $90 a tonne MSN0-3 on Friday, its highest since March 21 as traders fretted about shortages on the LME market. Three-month tin rose 0.3 percent to $19,960 compared with an earlier $20,085, its highest since April 12.
TIN STOCKS: Inventories of tin in LME warehouses at 2,865 tonnes are less than half the 5,995 recorded on Feb. 16 and account for less than one percent of global consumption estimated at around 350,000 tonnes this year.
PRICES: Aluminium was up 0.9 percent at $1,929.50 and zinc added 1.2 percent to $2,655. Nickel was ended 0.7 percent higher at $9,515 a tonne.
(Editing by Jane Merriman and David Evans)
BOSTON, April 10 Hedge fund Jana Partners has lined up a handful of people including former Gap Inc Chief Executive Glenn Murphy to serve as possible directors at organic grocery chain Whole Foods Market, a person familiar with the matter said on Monday.
Murphy bought $44 million worth of Whole Foods stock, according to a regulatory filing made by Jana Partners. Additionally Tad Dickson, a former CEO of Harris Teeter Supermarkets, and Meredith Adler, a former Barclays analyst, have committed to serve on Jana's slate. Diane Dietz, former chief marketing officer at Safeway, and food writer Mark Bitman are working with the hedge fund. (Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
NEW YORK Pacific Investment Management Co on Thursday said it had hired Gregory Hall as a managing director and head of private strategies.
As part of the job, Hall will manage a number of private-equity funds invested in real estate, distressed debt and making other bets in the credit market. They start May 1.
Hall previously worked for Blackstone Group LP (BX.N) for 12 years, most recently as a senior managing director, according to Pimco.
Pimco, which managed nearly $1.47 trillion on Dec 31 and is based in Newport Beach, Calif., is a unit of German insurer Allianz SE (ALVG.DE).
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by David Gregorio)
BARCELONA, April 6 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The Green Climate Fund, set up to channel billions of dollars to help poor countries tackle climate change, came under fire on Thursday over its choice of which projects to back, as activists said it was overlooking the needs of the most vulnerable people.
The board, which met for the past three days at the fund's head office in South Korea, approved $755 million in funding for eight new projects, bringing its total allocation to $2.2 billion since 2015.
But civil society groups were disappointed the board did not support a $100 million proposal to bolster Ethiopians, especially women, against an increasing risk of drought, which is currently affecting more than a fifth of the population.
The refusal by some rich nations to get behind the U.N.-led project reflected disagreement over whether the fund's cash should be used for activities that might be regarded as overseas development assistance rather than closely focused on helping people adapt to climate change effects.
"The ones who benefit most from adaptation are the most vulnerable, the most marginalised, the poorest - and in my opinion, those are the people who should be at the heart of the Green Climate Fund," said Karen Orenstein, a climate finance specialist with Friends of the Earth U.S., who was at the board meeting in Songdo.
Brandon Wu, ActionAid USA policy director, said they hoped the Ethiopia decision would not deter other developing nations.
"This is potentially a disincentive for countries to come forward with really ambitious adaptation proposals," they said.
Environment and development groups said the board appears to favour projects that can be clearly labelled as addressing climate change, such as expanding renewable energy or making infrastructure more resilient to extreme weather.
They were highly critical of the board's decision to spend $50 million on improving Tajikistan's hydropower sector, including the rehabilitation of a six-decade-old dam, a proposal from the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
Last month, around 10 international organisations that work on environmental policy sent a letter to the board urging it not to invest in large-scale dam projects.
They argued hydropower is vulnerable to climate change impacts, especially drought, and dams can have negative impacts on biodiversity as well as uprooting people.
Other projects approved this week include a renewable energy financing programme in Egypt, a climate resilience project in Tanzania, and two water-related proposals in Morocco.
Top Green Climate Fund officials declined interview requests.
In a statement issued after the meeting, board co-chair Ewen McDonald of Australia said the fund needed to show "we can implement the funding we have committed by strengthening our core operations and improving the quality of the project pipeline".
Very little money has so far been disbursed by the fund, held up by bureaucratic bumps in completing formal agreements with agencies that will carry out projects on the ground.
The fund has pledges of $10.3 billion. But there is a question mark over whether the U.S. government will deliver the remaining $2 billion of its $3 billion promise to the fund, as U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened to cut off international funding for climate change programmes.
This week's board meeting did not discuss the issue, observers said. (Reporting by Megan Rowling @meganrowling; editing by Alex Whiting. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
April 13 Kvb Kunlun Financial Group Ltd :
* Group is expected to record a loss for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Expected result due to decrease in leveraged foreign exchange and other trading income mainly resulted from low market volatility Source text : (bit.ly/2ovcjHW) Further company coverage:
KIEV/WARSAW Poland temporarily closed its consulates in Ukraine after a grenade attack overnight at one of its buildings near the Polish border that Kiev said was intended to harm bilateral ties with Warsaw.
Relations between Poland and Ukraine have deteriorated in the past year in a row over World War Two atrocities, although Warsaw still strongly supports Western sanctions imposed on Russia for the 2014 annexation of Ukraine's Crimea Peninsula.
Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko and Polish president Andrzej Duda both condemned the attack, which took place in the early hours on Wednesday in the town of Lutsk near the border.
No one was hurt but the roof of the Polish consulate there and some windows were damaged. Ukraine's Security Service said the weapon used appeared to be a rocket from an RPG-26, a disposable anti-tank launcher developed by the Soviet Union.
"The investigation considers several options of the incident, including act of terrorism," the security service said in a statement.
"The provocations against the Republic of Poland, which once in a while occur in Ukraine, are of benefit only to one party - the Russian Federation. Its methods of operation can be seen from far off."
Russia's Foreign Ministry did not immediately respond to a Reuters request to comment, but a spokesperson for the ministry, Maria Zakharova, refuted Kiev's assertions on social media.
Russian officials say Ukraine and the West are waging an anti-Russian campaign which involves firing off false and unsubstantiated allegations against Moscow at regular intervals.
Poroshenko's spokesperson said on social media that Russian state security had tried to orchestrate a prank call on Wednesday to Poroshenko by pretending to be Duda.
"The 'pranksters' did not know that such a call had already taken place and that Poland's presidential administration is in constant contact with the administration of the Ukrainian president," Poroshenko's spokesperson, Svyatoslav Tsegolko, wrote.
Duda said the grenade attack incident required "decisive intervention", according to a statement on their website.
The head of Poland's National Security Bureau, Pawel Soloch, said: "Undoubtedly, this was a provocation."
"The question is: who did it and for what purpose? We know the context - there is a Russian aggression against Ukraine," they said on Polish private RFM-FM radio.
(Additional reporting by Maria Tsvetkova in Moscow; Writing by Lidia Kelly; Editing by Louise Ireland)
WASHINGTON May 3 A former accountant at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is expected to settle parallel criminal and civil charges, after they were caught illegally trading options while working at the agency, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter.
The charges against David R. Humphrey, a 16-year SEC veteran, represent a rare instance of the SEC taking enforcement action against one of its own employees, and constitute an unusual violation of the SEC's ethics rules.
Humphrey is charged with one criminal count of making a false written statement, after repeatedly filing false government ethics forms that failed to disclose certain investments, according to a federal court filing.
Sources familiar with the case say they are expected to plead guilty to the criminal charge, and settle related civil SEC charges, after they were caught trading options -including many on their SEC work computer - over the course of more than a decade for himself, as well as for their mother and a friend. (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch)
April 3 Sierra Oncology Inc:
* Sierra Oncology Inc - Sierra Oncology collaborator ICR reports preclinical synthetic lethality data for chk1 inhibitor sra737 at aacr
* Sierra Oncology Inc - data supports genetically-driven clinical development strategy Sierra intends to pursue for sra737
* Sierra Oncology Inc - "gemcitabine is known to impair b-family DNA polymerases, further supporting rationale for its clinical combination with sra737." Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Different treatments for different people
Irving, Texas, May 05, 2018 –Choice Cancer Care is well known and awarded for its patient-centered and individualized care, and the doctors who work there know that cancer isn't going to be defeated with just one solution that is magically going to work for everyone. The doctors recommend various cancer treatments depending on how severe the cancer is and where it is on the patient's body, with more specific treatments tailored to areas like a prostate or breast cancer.
Types of treatments included:
Breast-Specific Gamma Imaging (BSGI): This procedure can be used if you have dense breasts or if doctors suspect any signs of cancer could be missed by other scans. The BSGI uses tracers to enhance imagining technology and give a deeper look at the tissue.
Prostate Seed Therapy- This therapy is only for prostate cancer, and it is a radiation therapy that inserts radioactive seeds directly into the cancer tumor. The seeds then release a pulse of radiation meant to kill the cancer tumor and the cells around it, while leaving the unaffected cells mostly unharmed. Brachytherapy is one of the specializations at Choice Cancer Care and the doctors are extremely knowledgeable about its use.
Hormone Therapy- Hormones often fuel cancer cells and help them grow faster, so hormone therapy is often used with other treatments to block estrogen (in the case of breast cancer) and testosterone (in the case of prostate cancer) from fueling cells and allowing other treatments the time to work while the tumor can't expand as fast.
The doctors at Choice Cancer Care change their treatments based on the situation of the individual, while also using common forms of treatment like surgery and chemotherapy, in order to destroy cancer and keep their patient healthy and ready to return to a normal life.
About Choice Cancer Care
Choice Cancer Careis an independent, physician-owned cancer center network. Dr. Gregory Echt, a radiation oncologist with over two decades of experience, is the founder of Choice Cancer Care. Choice Cancer Care is among the busiest practices in the country for brachytherapy, or prostate seed implant therapy – a cancer treatment plan for prostate cancer that provides remarkable success rates and fewer life-limiting side effects.
FEARFUL: Stephen Bennett and farmer Brad Newton have expressed fears about Labor's plans for the agriculture sector.
FEARFUL: Stephen Bennett and farmer Brad Newton have expressed fears about Labor's plans for the agriculture sector. Contributed
MEMBER for Burnett Stephen Bennett came out swinging to fight for the rights of farming families as Annastacia Palaszczuk's new government was sworn in today.
Mr Bennett said they were fearful for the future of agriculture under a re-elected Palaszczuk Labor Government, particularly given Labor's views on vegetation management reforms and power prices.
"I hold genuine fears that this Labor Government will continue down a destructive path of pushing aggressive, anti-agriculture laws on our hard-working farmers and landholders and completely wipe them out of existence.”
Local landholder Brad Newton holds similar fears.
Mr Newton said the future of their business and farm were under threat by a government determined to take away property rights.
"They will continue to take more country off us and take away our property rights altogether,” they said.
"We are going to lose people off the land - young people aren't going to want to stay on the land. They feel that there's no future in farming.
"Why do people in the rural sector have to pay for the ideologies of people in the city?”
Mr Bennett challenged the Premier to be honest about their government's future plans for the state's agriculture sector.
They said they feared Labor's management of energy would also see the demise of farming families.
"We haven't seen any action from Labor to help farmers and irrigators battling high electricity costs ... they've done nothing but blame them for their energy use,” they said.
North Isis cane farmer John Russo said increasing power costs continued to plague irrigators despite their best efforts to cut back on energy use.
Mr Russo said in the past three years they had, at considerable expense, installed a combination of low pressure irrigators, variable speed drives and a solar pump for one irrigator.
"We understand that the majority of the voting power is not within the rural sector, but if this trend of escalating power prices continues, farming as we know it today will no longer exist.”
Pound coins are seen in front of a displayed U.S. 100 dollar banknote in this picture illustration taken January 18, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
LONDON Sterling rose against a broadly weaker dollar on Thursday, with polls showing British Prime Minister Theresa May on course to win a landslide in June's snap election cementing the view that they will get a stronger mandate for two years of Brexit talks.
The pound surged almost four full cents to its highest level against the dollar since early October on Tuesday after May's surprise calling of an early general election for June 8.
After easing off a little on Wednesday, it was back up half a percent on Thursday at around $1.2835 by 1500 GMT, less than a cent away from Tuesday's high of $1.2908.
Investors appear to be judging that a stronger mandate for May in parliament would potentially give them more chance of making the major compromises with the European Union necessary to smooth Britain's exit from the bloc and cap any damage to the UK economy.
"An increased majority for the Conservative party in the upcoming election would provide the PM with a clear mandate at the start of the Brexit negotiations, as well as minimising political uncertainty," wrote BNY Mellon strategists in a note to clients.
May's Conservatives had 48 percent of the vote in a YouGov poll for The Times on Wednesday, compared with 24 percent for the opposition Labour Party, suggesting a landslide victory under Britain's first past the post electoral system.
The pound was flat at 83.84 pence per euro, having hit 83.145 pence - its strongest since December - on Tuesday.
That the pound has not pushed on more strongly since Tuesday relates to the doubts over the Brexit process and other parts of the election fallout.
"Consolidation will be the order of the day now, because I think there's a realisation that there's both upside and downside risk on the table," said ING currency strategist Viraj Patel.
"The positive case from the general election, potentially minimises the risk of a cliff-edge Brexit," they added. Markets see a hard Brexit as a large negative.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said on Wednesday success for their Scottish National Party on June 8 would make it impossible for May to stop a new referendum on Scottish independence.
Victory for May will also further weaken any opposition from outside their party to the clean break with Europe they have outlined, likely including Britain's exclusion from the continent's single market.
The EU's foreign policy chief on Thursday said Britain will lose more from the European Union from its decision to leave the bloc, adding talks with London were expected to be difficult.
(Editing by Janet Lawrence)
March 31 Tatwah Smartech Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net loss to be 14 million yuan to 24 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 5.9 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are production suspension of some engineering projects and increased financial expense
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/K4NofM
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO - The Vivendi logo is pictured at the main entrance of the entertainment-to-telecoms conglomerate headquarters in Paris, March 10, 2016. REUTERS/Charles Platiau/File Photo
MILAN French media group Vivendi (VIV.PA) has told the European Commission it could "de facto" control Telecom Italia (TLIT.MI) after a shareholder meeting next month appoints a new board of directors, three sources close to the matter said.
The group, which is Telecom Italia's top shareholder with a 24 percent stake, filed a pre-emptive notification to the Commission as it seeks to win two-thirds of the company's board seats, two of the sources said.
To do this it needs to get its slate of nominees approved by a majority of shareholders at the May 4 meeting.
An EU Commission spokesperson confirmed that it had received a notification from Vivendi and would rule on the matter by May 12.
"The investigation is ongoing," spokesperson Ricardo Cardoso said.
Sources told Reuters last week that Vivendi was also considering putting its chief executive Arnaud de Puyfontaine forward as Telecom Italia's next chairperson, potentially aggravating concerns about the French group's growing influence over Italian companies.
Vivendi's influence at Telecom Italia has come under the spotlight after it took a significant holding in Italian broadcaster Mediaset (MS.MI), leading to speculation over whether it plans to combine the two companies.
Vivendi has until now always maintained that it does not control Telecom Italia.
(Reporting by Stefano Rebaudo, Mathieu Rosemain and Foo Yun Chee, writing by Silvia Aloisi)
LONDON, April 3 (IFR) - Pan-European stock exchange Euronext, has signed a binding agreement of terms with ICE Clear Netherlands for the provision of derivatives and commodities clearing services.
The deal, which is expected to be formalised in the coming weeks, comes days after Euronext's attempts to gain control of LCH.Clearnet SA were thwarted. The agreement will see the exchange sever ties with the Paris-based clearing firm for the purpose of derivatives clearing when an agreement with LCH comes to an end in December 2018.
Euronext was due to take control of LCH's French clearing arm for €510m, contingent on the successful US$14bn acquisition of LCH's parent, London Stock Exchange Group, by Deutsche Boerse.
A merger between the two exchange giants was blocked by EU antitrust commissioners last week on the grounds that it would create a monopoly in fixed income markets.
Under the new agreement, customers would begin to migrate to the ICE CCP during the second half of 2018, ahead of the expiration of an existing agreement with LCH.Clearnet SA.
The agreement with ICE Clear Netherlands, which covers clearing for financial and commodity derivatives over a 10-year period, will see Euronext make an upfront investment of €10m in the clearing firm. Euronext will also appoint one representative to the CCP's risk committee as well as chairing a product committee dedicated to the exchange's clearing service.
According to Euronext, the deal will deliver a 15% reduction in client costs through lower headline clearing fees, treasury management fees and further capital efficiencies.
Clearing operations will be run from Amsterdam, while a new asset financing, inventory management and physical delivery platform for commodities will be built by Euronext and operated from Paris.
For cash equity markets, Euronext has launched its own Preferred Clearing service offering trading participants a choice of central counterparties from Clearnet and EuroCCP, in which it holds a 20% equity stake.
Stephane Boujnah, Euronext CEO and chairperson of the managing board, said the exchange remained a willing buyer of LCH's Paris-based clearing business at the agreed terms, irrespective of the merger's demise.
"Euronext has reaffirmed to both LSE and LCH Group its willingness to proceed with the acquisition of Clearnet for €510m, and Euronext continues to remain a willing buyer of Clearnet," said Boujnah in a statement. "In the absence of obtaining an agreement to complete this acquisition, Euronext is fully committed to securing the best long-term solution for its post-trade activities, in the interests of clients and shareholders." (Reporting by Helen Bartholomew)
MILAN Juventus were held to a 2-2 draw at Atalanta on Friday after a rare defensive mix-up by the Serie A leaders allowed the hosts to snatch a late equaliser.
Dani Alves appeared to have won the game for Juventus when they headed them in front in the 83rd minute but Remo Freuler pounced to equalise six minutes later as they punished some sloppy defending.
Juventus, who moved nine points clear of AS Roma, have one of the strongest defences in Europe and have conceded only 22 goals in the league all season in 34 games.
Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri was more angry at their team for pouring forward to try to grab a late winner than for the earlier mistakes they made.
"We conceded two goals after making mistakes, the sort of mistakes which shouldn't happen but the lads are human," they said. "The important thing is to stay calm."
"Once it was 2-2, we charged forward looking for the third and we risked throwing everything away. Points (not just wins) are important as well."
Fifth-placed Atalanta have been one of the surprise packages in Serie A this season, losing only three times at the Atleti Azzurri d'Italia stadium, and they gave Juve a hard time as expected.
Juventus twice escaped after mistakes by defender Giorgio Chiellini set up the hosts but there was no let-off when Andrea Conti forced Alejandro Gomez's cross over the line on the stroke of halftime.
The Turin side equalised six minutes after halftime when Miralem Pjanic's free kick flew across the face of the goal and was turned into their own net by Leonardo Spinazzola at the far post.
Atalanta goalkeeper Etrit Berisha twice denied Sami Khedira with excellent saves before Alves got in front of their marker to meet Pjanic's long ball at the far post with a diving header and give Juventus the lead.
Juve's usually impregnable defence let them down when Pjanic and Stephan Lichtsteiner collided while trying to clear and the ball ran loose to Freuler.
Their first shot was blocked by Gianluigi Buffon but the Swiss forced home the rebound despite the attention of three defenders who were left slumped on the ground.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne; Editing by Clare Fallon)
May 2 Ecolab Inc:
* Ecolab first quarter reported diluted eps $0.86 adjusted diluted EPS $0.80, +4pct expects full year 2017 adjusted diluted EPS of $4.70 to $4.90
* Sees Q2 2017 adjusted earnings per share $1.08 to $1.15
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share $4.70 to $4.90
* Ecolab Inc- expect second half of year to show better earnings growth comparisons than first half
* Ecolab Inc- expect foreign currency translation to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 1 percentage point on full year sales
* Ecolab Inc qtrly net sales $3,161.6 million versus $3,097.4 million
* Ecolab - higher delivered product costs are expected to have an increased impact in q2, particularly in global industrial and global energy segments
* Ecolab Inc - expect q2 special charges, including acquisition, integration costs associated with anios and swisher, to be about $0.02 per share
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.81, revenue view $3.16 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $1.16 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $4.80 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Ecolab Inc - expect foreign currency translation to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 1 percentage point on full year sales
* Ecolab sees foreign currency translation to have estimated 1 percent point (approximately $0.05 per share) unfavorable impact on FY earnings per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
We are very pleased and proud to inform you about the opening of new Zoom'n'Joy branch store in Budapest, Hungary.
Zoom'n'Joy is constantly working on expanding its geographic presence in the world in order to give the maximum number of customers an opportunity to purchase high-quality and affordable optics. The opening in Budapest, one of the most populated cities in Europe, is very big step forward for Zoom'n'Joy and a great opportunity for the residents of Hungary to become owners of wonderful optical devices or to buy special gifts for friends and family.
A country of rich history, remarkable architecture and stunning nature, Hungary is the perfect place for exploring and investigation, outdoor activities and observing. Stargazing, astrophotography, studying the microcosm, and birdwatching – that is just the short list of hobbies and entertainment that become available for owners of Levenhuk optics. From our side, we guarantee the highest level of service for our customers. The full range of Levenhuk, Bresser, Celestron, Sky-Watcher etc. optical devices – telescopes, microscopes, binoculars, spotting scopes and much more – are already available for purchase at our online store: www.zoom-n-joy.hu
Contact information:
Zoom'n'Joy Magyarország
Szegedi út 54. 1136 Budapest
Phone: +36 70-297-46-13
www.levenhuk.hu
Roman Reigns is scheduled to face Brock Lesnar for the WWE Universal Championship in the main event of WrestleMania 34. It's the second time Reigns headlines a WrestleMania alongside Lesnar, and "The Big Dog" was recently a guest on Cheap Heat with Peter Rosenberg to discuss their opponent.
In an effort to generate a positive fan reaction, Reigns has been doing shoot-promos on RAW where they call out Lesnar's performance schedule, their work ethic and their status and Vince McMahon's "boy." With Lesnar not appearing on RAW multiple times despite being advertised as part of the show, the promos have generally received good responses from audiences. Reigns commented on Lesnar's current standing with the fans.
"It's a little bit different for him, right now, especially where we are at and the stuff I am bringing to light about them and their character and work ethic, I think some of the fans are taking it negatively," Reigns said. "For the most part, Brock Lesnar is a cool dude, you can't deny the fact that they are a big, jacked up brother who comes in and throws people on their necks."
In addition to their main event at WrestleMania 31, Reigns and Lesnar have worked together many times in the past. Reigns said over time they have developed a chemistry in the ring, but they're not close with each other beyond that.
"I've had interactions with him, I've had history with him. We had our main event match at WrestleMania 31 and we had a few different Four-Ways and Triple-Threat matches like that where other characters are involved. It's a different dynamic," Reigns said. "Every time you are in a situation like that you do get to spend a little more time with somebody. Yeah, on their own time they seem like a cool dude, I don't know them that well, but we're not friends or anything."
Whenever they work with Lesnar, Reigns knows he's in for a very physical match. At the Royal Rumble in January, Lesnar legitimately punched Braun Strowman in the face after Strowman connected with a stiff knee. Reigns said they never backs down from Lesnar's aggressiveness because it's nothing they can't handle. They said their upbringing and their past as a college football player prepared theirs to match Lesnar's physicality should Lesnar decide to shoot on him.
"If they throw two at me I'm throwing three back. My dad was a big man. One of the easiest things about wrestling Brock Lesnar is that there isn't much thinking about it. It's just all physical stuff, and I've been doing physical stuff since I was seven years old. I played Division-One Football at Georgia Tech, so I've seen and been around some of the best athletes in the world," they said. "What we do is a different form of entertainment and athleticism, but you still have to be an athlete in order to do what we do all year round, you have to keep yourself in that shape so, I'm never scared to be able to push that button, let's go, if I have to protect myself, I'm more than capable, no doubt."
If you use any of the quotes in this article, please credit Cheap Heat with Peter Rosenberg with a H/T to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
Source: Cheap Heat with Peter Rosenberg
Peter Bahi contributed to this article.
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
BAGHDAD A suicide truck bomb blew up at a checkpoint in the south of the Iraqi capital Baghdad on Wednesday, killing at least 17 people and wounding more than 60, police sources said.
They said the bomber detonated their explosives among other vehicles waiting to be searched at the checkpoint, setting some of them on fire.
No group immediately claimed responsibility. But the attack occurred with Islamic State battling Iraqi forces in its last stronghold in the country in the city of Mosul. As the militants have lost territory captured in a 2014 offensive across northern and western Iraq, they have stepped up bomb attacks elsewhere.
(Reporting by Baghdad bureau; writing by Patrick Markey; editing by Mark Heinrich)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is concerned about the potential use of sarin gas in Syria, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday, a day after Washington warned it was prepared to consider military action if necessary to deter chemical weapons attacks by the Syrian government.
Mattis, speaking with reporters, said the Syrian government had repeatedly used chlorine as a weapon. They stressed that the United States did not have evidence of sarin gas use.
“We are even more concerned about the possibility of sarin use, (but) I don't have the evidence,” Mattis said. “What I am saying is that other groups on the ground - NGOs, fighters on the ground - have said that sarin has been used, so we are looking for evidence.”
Mattis did not provide further details on which reports on the use of sarin they were referring to.
However, the Syrian Negotiations Commission (SNC), an opposition group, said chemical weapons had been used by the government of Bashar al-Assad in Ghouta.
Rescue workers and medical groups working in the rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta, near Damascus, have accused government forces of using chlorine gas three times over the last month, including early on Thursday.
“Chemical weapons are being used in Ghouta and we have proof,” SNC spokesperson Yahya al-Aridi told Reuters.
A deadly sarin attack on another rebel-held area in April 2017 prompted President Donald Trump to order a U.S. missile strike on the Shayrat airbase, from which the Syrian operation is said to have been launched.
“We are on the record and you all have seen how we reacted to that, so they would be ill-advised to go back to violating the chemical (weapons) convention,” Mattis said.
France said on Friday it was “deeply concerned” that Syria's government was flouting its pledges to stop using chemical weapons and Paris was working with its partners to shed light on recent suspected toxic gas attacks.
In 2013, Syria said it would give up all of its chemical weapons. In the past two years, a joint United Nations and Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) inquiry found the Syrian government used the nerve agent sarin and several times used chlorine as a weapon.
U.S. officials have said the Syrian government may be also developing new types of chemical weapons.
The Syrian army and government have consistently denied using chlorine or other chemical weapons during the war and has said it cooperates with international investigations.
CANADA STOCKS-Futures lower as oil prices fall on rising output
June 14 Stock futures pointed to a lower opening for Canada's main stock index on Wednesday as oil prices declined after data showed an increase in U.S. crude stockpiles and the OPEC reported a rise in production.
April 28 S&P
* S&P says ratings on the Republic Of the Philippines affirmed at 'BBB/A-2'; outlook stable
* S&P says affirming 'BBB' long-term and 'A-2' short-term sovereign credit ratings on the philippines
* S&P says also affirming 'AXA/AXA-2' ASEAN regional scale ratings on the Philippines
* S&P says stable outlook balances the Philippines' lower middle-income economy and policy vulnerabilities against its strong external position
* S&P says ratings on the Philippines reflect assessment of its strong external position, featuring ample foreign exchange reserves,low and declining external debt
* S&P on the Philippines - believe the Duterte administration will broadly continue with fiscal and economic development policies of previous administration Source text (bit.ly/2pbP3iP)
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Standings for the Bundesliga on Friday P W D L F A Pts 1 Bayern München 20 16 2 2 49 16 50 2 Dortmund 21 9 7 5 45 29 34 3 Leverkusen 20 9 7 4 41 27 34 4 Schalke 04 20 9 7 4 32 25 34 ................................................ 5 Frankfurt 20 9 6 5 26 20 33 ................................................ 6 Leipzig 20 9 5 6 32 29 32 ................................................ 7 M'gladbach 20 9 4 7 30 32 31 ................................................ 8 Augsburg 20 7 7 6 29 26 28 9 Hoffenheim 20 7 6 7 31 32 27 10 Hannover 20 7 6 7 28 30 27 11 Hertha BSC 20 6 8 6 27 27 26 12 Freiburg 20 5 9 6 22 35 24 13 Wolfsburg 20 4 11 5 23 24 23 14 Stuttgart 20 6 2 12 16 26 20 15 Mainz 05 20 5 5 10 24 35 20 ................................................ 16 Bremen 20 3 8 9 16 25 17 ................................................ 17 Hamburg 20 4 4 12 16 29 16 18 Köln 21 3 4 14 17 37 13 1-4: Champions League 5: Europa League 6: Europa League preliminary round 7: Europa League depending on domestic cup 16: Relegation play-off 17-18: Relegation
(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula during a phone conversation on Friday, the White House said in a statement.
Trump and Xi also agreed that the recent adoption of a United Nations Security Council resolution on North Korea was an important step towards achieving peace and stability on the peninsula, it added.
"President Trump and President Xi agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behaviour," the statement said.
The White House said the "relationship between the two presidents is an extremely close one, and will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LEYSIN, Switzerland Briton Simon Yates seized the lead of the Tour of Romandie on the penultimate day on Saturday by winning a two-man sprint to the line with Australian Richie Porte in the fourth stage.
Orica rider Yates pulled away from Porte (BMC) with 100 metres to go, sprinting to victory and giving themselves a 19-second lead over the Australian overall going into Sunday's 18.3-km time trial around Lausanne.
Chris Froome, of Team Sky, preparing to defend their Tour de France title, was dropped on the day's final climb to Leysin and finished behind the leading group.
Overnight leader Fabio Felline, of Italy, stayed in touch with the peloton on the 163.5-km stage but lost time and slipped down to fourth place overall.
(Writing by Clare Fallon; Editing by Neville Dalton)
BRUSSELS, March 29 A European Commission's spokesperson said on Wednesday that the EU executive could not confirm reports of a preliminary deal between Greece and its international creditors on the terms of the country's bailout programme.
Sources close to the talks had said earlier on Wednesday that Greece had reached an agreement with its lenders on key labour reforms, spending cuts and energy issues, moving closer to clinching a deal before a meeting of euro zone finance ministers on April 7. (Reporting by Francesco Guarascio)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON BHP Billiton (BHP.AX) (BLT.L) said on Monday the cost of a proposal from hedge fund manager Elliott Advisors to unlock shareholder value would outweigh any benefits.
The plans would involve scrapping the mining giant's dual corporate structure, demerging its oil business and rejigging its capital return policy. [L3N1HI3HI]
"After reviewing the elements of Elliott's proposal, we have concluded that the costs and associated risks of Elliott's proposal would significantly outweigh any potential benefits," BHP said in a statement.
(Reporting by Rahul B and Barbara Lewis; editing by Jason Neely)
Jhanvi Kapoor REVEALS why they DELETED private photos from Instagram ! | FilmiBeat
The young and lovely Jhanvi Kapoor only allowed a limited set of people to follow them on Instagram previously and kept their account mostly private right from the start. They shared all of their crazy and personal pictures there as they felt comfortable sharing them, as it was viewed only by their near and dear ones. However, all of that changed when they signed for Dhadak and was asked by the film-makers to open their account to the public.
Jhanvi Kapoor, sensed that their personal pictures would be misused if ever they make their account public, so they sat for a day and deleted most of their previous pictures that they found were too personal. Only after deleting more of their pictures, did they make their account public and now has a following of close to two million.
Janhvi Kapoor Was Quoted As Saying "As for my Instagram, I used to have a private profile and then I was told I need to open it up, so I deleted everything to start from the beginning," said Janhvi Kapoor.
On The Work Front Janhvi Kapoor is all geared up for the release of their upcoming debut movie Dhadak.  They are paired alongside Ishaan Khatter in the movie.
Full On Promotions Janhvi Kapoor is all over the place promoting their movie Dhadak along with Ishaan Khatter. The duo was spotted in several malls all across Mumbai and shook a leg with the fans as well.
High Energy Janhvi Going by the way how Janhvi Kapoor is promoting their upcoming movie, we can assume that they are taking their work seriously and is filled with high energy!
Grand Release Of Dhadak Dhadak, which is a remake of the superhit Marathi movie Sairat, is all set to hit the theatres on July 20,2018.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ascension Health and Providence St. Joseph Health are in talks about a merger between the two Catholic non-profits that would create the largest U.S. hospital chain, the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday, citing people familiar with the discussions.
A deal between St. Louis-based Ascension and Renton, Washington-based Providence would give the combined entity 191 hospitals in 27 states and annual revenue of $44.8 billion, the Journal reported. That would surpass the current largest U.S. hospital operator, HCA Healthcare Inc (HCA.N), a for-profit company.
Providence declined to comment on the report. Ascension did not respond to a request for comment.
The two have been in talks about a deal for months but have not reached an agreement, the Journal reported. The paper said that unlike for-profit companies, mergers of nonprofit hospital operators do not typically involve one entity buying the other.
The merger talks come at a pivotal time in the industry, as a series of deals, major changes to the 2010 Affordable Care Act, dubbed Obamacare, and rising drug prices have reshaped the U.S. healthcare landscape.
Last week, Catholic Health Initiatives CAHEA.UL and Dignity Health announced that they had signed a definitive agreement to align their organizations. The merger would result in the formation of a large and diverse Catholic health system.
On Dec. 3, CVS Health Corp (CVS.N) and Aetna Inc (AET.N) proposed a $69 billion merger, arguing it would enable the companies to tackle soaring healthcare spending by offering lower-cost medical services in pharmacies. That deal, the year's largest, would combine one of the nation's biggest pharmacy benefits managers and pharmacy operators with one of its oldest health insurers.
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC +0.4 pct, CSI300 +0.1 pct, HSI +0.5 pct
* HK->Shanghai Connect daily quota used 1.8 pct, Shanghai->HK daily quota used 24.8 pct
* HK->Shenzhen Connect daily quota used 5.2 pct, Shenzhen->HK daily quota used 2.8 pct
* CNY official close 6.8965 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 +0.2 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index +1.0 pct
SHANGHAI, April 28 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* China to push yuan internationalization, free trade - c.bank official
* China sets deadline for refiners to apply for oil import permits
* China March services trade deficit widens to $22.1 bln - FX regulator
Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* Buying overseas, Chinese conglomerates leverage offshore assets for financing
* Didi seeks $6 bln funding, to become China's second-most valuable private firm
* BP sells stake in China petrochemical venture to Sinopec for $1.7 bn
* China Life Q1 profit rises 17 pct on strong premium growth
* Ping An Insurance posts 11 pct rises in first-quarter net profit
* China Construction Bank Q1 net profit rises 3 pct
* China Vanke's Q1 net profit down 16.5 pct, sees growth for full year
* CRRC Corp Q1 net profit down 42 pct
* Sinopec Q1 profit up 168.7 pct
* Air China profit drops in first quarter as oil rises, yuan weakens
* Shandong Molong says CSRC investigation still in progress
2016 results
* Focus Media net profit up in Q1 after 2016 rise
* TCL's net profit down in 2016, up in Q1
* New Century Cruise's net profit up in 2016, Q1
* Unisplendour's net profit up 696.8 pct in Q1 after 2016 rise
* Hesteel's net profit up sharply in Q1, 2016
Q1 results
* Great Wall Motor Q1 net profit down 18.4 pct
* Wanda Cinema Line's Q1 net profit up 2.3 pct
* GF Securities' Q1 net profit up 18.4 pct
* Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Q1 profit up 16.3 pct
* Shuanghui Investment & Development's Q1 net profit down 18.2 pct
* Shaanxi Coal swings back to black in 2016, Q1
* China Coal Energy returns to profit in Q1
* Wuliangye Q1 net profit up 23.8 pct
* Yanghe Brewery's Q1 net profit up 11.7 pct
* Tsingtao Brewery Q1 net profit up 8.5 pct
* Shanghai International Airport's Q1 net profit up 23.5 pct
* Financial Street's Q1 net profit down 31.0 pct
* China International Marine Containers' Q1 net profit up 24.2 pct
* Shandong Cheming Paper's Q1 net profit up 74.7 pct
* Weifu High-Technology's Q1 net profit up 59.2 pct
Equity changes/IPOs
* Aier Eye Hospital adjusts private placement, to raise up to 2.15 bln yuan
* Lock-up period for TCL's 124.55 mln shares to end on May 2 M&A
* Beijing Xinwei, Spacecom acquisition talks remain frozen Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* China State Construction Engineering new contracts totalled 31 bln yuan (Compiled by Luoyan Liu; Editing by Sam Holmes)
April 5 China Unicom Hong Kong Ltd
* Contemplation of significant matters by ultimate parent company and resumption of trading
* Co has been notified by China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd that Unicom Group is contemplatin matters relating to mixed ownership reform
* As related plan for these matters is still under further deliberation, these matters are still subject to substantial uncertainty
* Made an application for resumption of trading in shares and debt securities of co with effect from 9 a.m. On 6 april 2017
* Significant matters may potentially involve a change in shareholding structure of unicom a share company
* Significant matters may also involve using China United Network Communications Ltd as a platform for mixed ownership reform Source text ( bit.ly/2oBwhlA ) Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
TOKYO Japanese investors dumped a record amount of French bonds in February, rattled by the rising popularity of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in the upcoming presidential election, data from the Ministry of Finance showed on Monday.
Japanese investors, who were major foreign buyers of French debt last year, sold 1.58 trillion yen (13.4 billion euros, £11.5 billion) of French bonds in February, surpassing a previous record of 1.25 trillion yen marked in June 2015.
"They are worried about the third surprise (after U.K referendum and U.S. Presidential election last year)," said Hideki Kishida, senior strategist at Nomura Securities.
While most investors see the chance of Le Pen winning as slim, risk-averse Japanese investors remain in no mood to stomach the chance of a victory, which could lead to a plunge in French debt prices.
French voters go the polls on April 23 and May 7 in the two-round election, which is being closely followed outside France as another test of popular discontent with traditional parties and institutions such as the European Union.
Le Pen's anti-European Union stance has prompted investors to price in various risks, including the possibility that French bonds may be redeemed in a new national currency, such as a resurrected franc, not the euro.
Such worries drove the premium investors demand for holding French bonds over benchmark German debts to around 0.84 percent in February, hitting the highest level since 2012. The yield spread now stands at around 0.66 percent, still well above the premium of around 0.3 percent seen six months ago.
Japanese investors had flocked to French bonds last year after the Bank of Japan introduced its deeply unpopular negative interest rate policy, which wiped out yields in Japanese bonds.
The appeal of French bonds stems from their high credit rating, higher yields compared to German bonds and deep market liquidity that allows investors to trade a large amount without affecting prices too much.
From January to October last year, Japanese investors bought 4.23 trillion yen of French bonds. Analysts estimate Japanese investors held 27 trillion yen of French bonds, about 12 percent of the entire market, at the end of last year.
While most investors are expected to stay on the sidelines ahead of the elections, there are some who think French bonds now offer an attractive investment opportunity.
"In the big picture, the global bond sell-off triggered by expectations about Trump's policy has come to an end," said Akira Takei, a fund manager at Asset Management One.
"The outcome of the French election is hard to tell ... but the French opinion polls show not many people support an exit from the euro."
(Reporting by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Source: Sports Illustrated
"Mean" Gene Okerlund spoke with Sports Illustrated to look back on their long career. Here are some of the highlights:
"I felt the chemistry with Hulk Hogan and the people, and that dated back to our time together in Minnesota. It was instantaneous. They had a lot of magic and a lot of charisma, and the fans will tell you everything if you wait long enough, but this was instantaneous. They won people over in their first month with the territory after they made the circuit just one time, and they are arguably the biggest star ever in professional wrestling."
Their toughest interviews:
"I had a tougher time with some guys than I did with others, but the Ultimate Warrior interviews still stand on their own. They were a very tough man to understand, and when they started on the 'moons and the stars' and all of that other garbage, I'm sure that the audience missed it, but they liked the way they pulled the ropes and worked with that fantastic body. As for Andre the Giant, they really didn't have to say too much. They would mumble, they would have a cocktail or two and could be a little off the beaten path, but they got their message across. They were a good man."
See Also Andre The Giant Documentary To Premiere On HBO, Vince McMahon Comments
Jumping to WCW:
"Ric and I would drink Dirty Ketel One martini, but I'd never try to out-drink Ric. I was too smart to try that, but my move to WCW helped a lot. Now I went over there first, all alone, and brought guys like Bobby Heenan with me shortly thereafter. I came in late 1993, and Bobby Heenan started in the first part of 1994. Then the coffers opened from Ted Turner, and the list of talent kept growing bigger and bigger and bigger. Then, finally, Kevin Nash and Scott Hall came in and formed the NWO with Hogan. Virtually all of the top stars went over there, and that was a storyline that had legs for a couple of years."
Gene Okerlund also discussed the origin of their nickname and what surprised them the most in wrestling. You can read the full interview by clicking here.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
HANOI Vietnam on Thursday criticised a U.S. State Department award to detained blogger and environmental activist Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh, often referred to by their pen name, "Mother Mushroom".
Quynh, detained in October for anti-state propaganda, was one of 13 women worldwide to receive an International Women of Courage Award. The awards were presented by First Lady Melania Trump on Wednesday.
Foreign ministry spokesperson Le Hai Binh said making an award to someone being investigated for breaking Vietnam's law was "not suitable and beneficial to the development of the two countries' relationship".
Vietnam has been keen to establish ties with President Donald Trump's administration.
It stands to lose as much as any country with their decision to pull the United States from the Trans Pacific Partnership free trade agreement.
Vietnam is also in a dispute with China over the South China Sea and strengthened its alliance with the United States under President Barack Obama.
In an award citation, the State Department said Quynh, 37, "has blogged extensively on environmental and human rights issues in Vietnam, publishing principled arguments to inspire change and greater transparency".
Quynh is known by their pen name of "Me Nam" - which translates as Mother Mushroom.
Despite sweeping reforms in Vietnam's economy and increasing openness towards social change, including gay, lesbian and transgender rights, the Communist Party retains tight media censorship and zero tolerance for criticism.
(Editing by Matthew Tostevin and Clarence Fernandez)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Figtree Holdings Ltd
* Unit entered into a joint venture agreement with existing shareholders
* Deal for consideration of RMB20.0 million
* Vibrant group, holding Co of Singapore Enterprises, is also a joint venture partner subscribing for a 31% stake in Pucheng for consideration of RMB31.0 million
* Purchase consideration represents approximately a 9.05% premium over share of net asset value of Pucheng
* Subscription is not expected to have a material impact on earnings per share of group for current financial year ending 31 December 2017
* No service contract is proposed to be entered into between company and any such person. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 Union National Bank Pjsc
* Q1 net profit 452 million dirhams versus 450 million dirhams year ago
* Customer deposits increased by 5 percent on year on year basis to 75.6 billion dirhmas as at March 31, 2017
* Q1 net interest income and net income from Islamic finance 652 million dirhams versus 623 million dirhams year ago
* Loans and advances up by 8 percent on year on year basis to 73.5 billion dirhams as at March 31, 2017 Source: (bit.ly/2o5lY5r) Further company coverage:
LONDON, April 28 Concern about global trade and U.S. President Donald Trump's "America First" policies kept appetite for risky assets in check on Friday, setting world stocks on the path to a sluggish end to what will still be their fifth straight month of gains.
In an interview with Reuters, Trump called the five-year-old trade pact with South Korea "unacceptable" and said it would be targeted for renegotiation after their administration completes a revamp of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico.
Trump's comments stunned South Korean financial markets, sending Seoul stocks and the won into reverse.
Saturday marks Trump's 100th day in office and their attacks on free trade and scepticism about their administration's ability to see through tax and spending campaign promises has dented some of the enthusiasm in markets that followed their election win.
"Trump is reaching the 100 day mark with nothing to show for it and these recent comments just coincide with that. They (the U.S. administration) are finding it hard to push through fiscal plans and all this rhetoric is probably related," Kiran Kowshik, strategist at Unicredit.
The mood on Europe, however, remained relatively upbeat.
Euro zone bond yields rose across the board and the euro strengthened on Friday as economic output data from several countries reaffirmed a picture of economic strength in the bloc.
The single currency also strengthened, rising 0.1 percent against the dollar to $1.0885. while euro zone bond yields rose 1-2 basis points across the board.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch noted that the $21 billion of inflows into European equity funds over the past week were the highest since December 2015.
"The hard data for equities is earnings -- and they are powering ahead. Q1 earnings season is very strong and revisions trends are positive and broad based," said analysts at the U.S. broker.
Banking results dominated early trading with Barclays shares sliding 5 percent after weak investment banking results at the UK bank while UBS jumped 2.6 percent after it handily beat analyst expectations.
The STOXX 600 was little changed on the day and set to post a 1.6 percent gain for the month. It is up 7 percent so far this year.
In commodities, oil prices rose but were still on track for a second straight weekly loss on concerns that an OPEC-led production cut has failed to significantly tighten an oversupplied market.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude CLc1 was at $49.43 per barrel at 0649 GMT, up 46 cents, or 0.94 percent, from their last close. However, WTI is still set for a small weekly loss and is around 8 percent below its April peak.
Brent crude LCOc1 was at $51.91 per barrel, up 47 cents, or 0.91 percent. Brent is almost around 8.5 percent down from its April peak and is also on track for a second, albeit small, week of declines. (Additional reporting by Sujata Rao Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
SHANGHAI, April 28 Agricultural Bank of China Ltd (AgBank) , the country's third-largest lender by assets, reported on Friday a 1.87 percent rise in net profit for the first quarter, missing analysts estimates.
Profit was 55.71 billion yuan ($8.08 billion) in the three months through March compared to 54.69 billion yuan in the same period a year prior.
The result compared with an average estimate of 56.1 billion yuan, according to three analysts polled by Reuters.
AgBank's non-performing loan ratio was 2.33 percent at end-March, compared to 2.37 percent at the end of December. ($1 = 6.8972 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Engen Tham in Shanghai and Matthew Miller in Beijing; Editing by Stephen Coates and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
FILE PHOTO: New Secretary of Energy Rick Perry speaks during their swearing in ceremony accompanied by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence (L) at the Executive Office in Washington, U.S., March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry pushed for opening Nevada's Yucca Mountain nuclear waste site in a meeting with the state's governor on Monday, but the local leader said they remain staunchly opposed to the project.
The visit with Governor Brian Sandoval was Perry's first official travel since becoming energy secretary. The multi-billion-dollar nuclear storage project, which was rejected by former President Barack Obama, has been championed by the Trump administration.
Most of Nevada's politicians question the long-term safety of the site and the transportation of radioactive waste through the state.
"I stressed the need for Nevada to maintain its key role as we seek sensible, stable, and long-term solutions to fulfilling our responsibility to safely manage spent nuclear fuel," Perry said in a release about their conversation with Sandoval.
But Sandoval was not swayed.
"The storage of high-level waste at Yucca Mountain is not something I am willing to consider," Sandoval said. The meeting with Perry "was not the beginning of a negotiation with regard to Yucca," they said.
The White House's proposed 2018 budget, released on March 16, included $120 million for the restart of licensing at Yucca and for interim storage of the waste before the project opens. Yucca could take years to start as the federal government first must address local concerns and as billions of dollars worth of construction must be completed.
The U.S. government has studied Yucca since the 1970s as a potential dump for the nuclear waste from power plants and the military. Currently the waste is stored at nuclear power plants and other sites in pools and in casks.
Nuclear power opponents say waste at power plants is vulnerable to attacks and natural disasters, though many nuclear power backers say it can be held there safely for decades or more. Some lawmakers refuse to support legislation for innovation in nuclear power until waste solutions are found.
Yucca has never opened because of legal challenges and opposition from politicians, environmentalists and Native American groups.
The proposed funding for Yucca in the budget signals that the Trump administration sees opening the site as essential to extend the lives of nuclear plants. More details of the budget are expected in May. Congress will debate the plan and it is uncertain whether the funds will remain.
Other Nevada politicians were also critical of Yucca.
"Nevadans do not want a project with dangerous implications for the environment, economy, and security of the state," Representative Dina Titus said in a tweet.
(Reporting by Timothy Gardner; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
May 3 Veresen Inc
* Increased full year 2017 distributable cash guidance mid-point by 6% to $1.13 per common share
* Veresen announces first quarter financial results and increased 2017 guidance
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share C$0.12
* Q1 earnings per share view C$0.12 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Veresen Inc - Increased full year 2017 distributable cash guidance mid-point by 6% to $1.13 per common share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
German stocks - Factors to watch on June 15
BERLIN, June 15 - The DAX top-30 index looked set to open flat on Thursday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0624 GMT.
April 10 Juventus FC SpA:
* "Call option" for definitive transfer of registration rights of player Simone Zaza has been exercised by Valencia Club De Futbol SAD
* Permanent transfer fee is 16 million euros ($16.92 million) and may increase of further 2 million euros on achieving given conditions in the course of the duration of the contract
* This transaction generates a positive economic effect, in 2016/2017 financial year, for about 3.7 million euros Source text: www.1info.it Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9454 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
A Kashmiri demonstrator (R) throws a stone towards an Indian police officer during a protest against by-polls in Srinagar April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Danish Ismail
An Indian police officer stands guard in a deserted street during a strike called by Kashmiri separatists for the boycott of by-polls in Srinagar April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Danish Ismail
Women wail during the funeral of Umar Farooq, a civilian who was killed on Sunday during a protest against by-polls, in Barsoo village in Ganderbal district in Kashmir April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Danish Ismail
People offer funeral prayers for Umar Farooq, a civilian who was killed on Sunday during a protest against by-polls, in Barsoo village in Ganderbal district in Kashmir April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Danish Ismail
Kashmiri demonstrators (C) throw stones towards Indian police officers during a protest against by-polls in Srinagar April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Danish Ismail
SRINAGAR Indian police on Monday imposed curfew-like curbs on movement of people across several parts of disputed Kashmir, a day after clashes with protesters during a by-election killed eight people and injured more than 200.
Separatist factions in Kashmir called for a two-day strike in protest. Their calls to boycott the poll in Srinagar, and the ensuing violence, resulted in voter turnout of a mere 7 percent on Sunday and forced 70 polling stations to shut down.
During clashes in Budgam district, police initially used tear gas against protesters who were throwing stones, but then opened fire, killing seven people, a senior police official told Reuters. One protester was killed in a separate incident.
Security was beefed up on Monday across the Himalayan region, with police blocking roads with barricades and restricting movement of vehicles. Some train services were also suspended in the region, a railway official said.
India accuses Pakistan of backing separatist fighters - a charge Islamabad denies. Kashmir, part of India's only Muslim-majority state, witnessed deadly protests after a well-known separatist militant was killed last year.
The violence has killed 84 civilians and wounded more than 12,000 civilians and security force personnel.
The state's chief electoral officer, Shantmanu, said "more than 200 incidents of violence" were reported on Sunday, including stone-pelting, petrol bomb attacks and setting ablaze of a polling station.
Sunday's by-election was held in the state's key city of Srinagar to fill a vacant seat in India's lower house of parliament, the Lok Sabha. A second by-election in the state is set to take place on April 12 in Anantnag.
"We are worried about Anantnag polls because it is a more sensitive area," the police official said.
On Monday, in a separate incident, Indian defence official Rajesh Kalia said four suspected militants were killed after they tried to infiltrate along the disputed frontier with Pakistan near an area known as the Keran sector.
"We noticed movement of militants early in the morning and killed them during an ambush," Kalia said. Details of the incident could not immediately be independently verified.
Each neighbour claims the region in full, but governs separate parts. Two of the three wars they have fought since independence from Britain in 1947 have been over Kashmir.
Last September, tension escalated as gunmen killed 19 Indian soldiers at an army camp in Kashmir, an attack India blamed on Pakistan-based militants.
(Writing by Aditya Kalra; Editing by Euan Rocha and Clarence Fernandez)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Trilogy Metals Inc:
* TRILOGY METALS REPORTS YEAR END RESULTS
* TRILOGY METALS INC - QTRLY LOSS OF $6.7 MILLION COMPARED TO INCOME EARNED OF $2.7 MILLION IN Q4 OF 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Chicago police have arrested a 14-year-old boy and expect to charge a second youth in connection with the sexual assault of a teenage girl by multiple young men that was seen on Facebook Live (FB.O) in March, officials said on Sunday.
An arrest warrant has been issued for a 15-year-old boy, and several people are expected to face charges in the incident, police told reporters.
"The young men responsible, they should be ashamed of themselves," Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said. "Now they are going to be held accountable."
They said many details could not be disclosed, citing the sensitivity of the case and the fact that some of the offenders are juveniles.
At least one adult was also involved, authorities added at a news conference.
Officials said the girl had been lured to the residence where they were assaulted and not allowed to leave.
The girl's mother had approached police after an unrelated news conference and shown them images of their daughter being assaulted by five or six young men.
The mother said the girl's uncle had told them about a video on Facebook Live that showed the assault. The high school first-year student had gone to the store and their mother became concerned when they did not return.
The incident was among several in recent months in Chicago in which the social media site played a role in broadcasting apparent crimes.
The shooting death in February on the city's West Side of a 2-year-old boy was captured on Facebook Live by their aunt, who was also shot. In January, an attack by four people on a 19-year-old man with special needs was partially broadcast on the social media site. The four accused in the attack have pleaded not guilty.
(Reporting by Chris Michaud in New York and Letitia Stein in Tampa, Fla.; Editing by Randy Fabi and Peter Cooney)
By Radio.com Staff
It's Valentine's day and artists are taking to social media to show love for their fans and significant others.
Related: John Mayer is Cupid's Secret Weapon
Katy Perry, Paul McCartney and Miley Cyrus are just a few of the musicians to spread the love.
Chris Young had their tongue planted firmly in their cheek when they wished fans a “Happy Taco Tuesday,” and then there was Kesha, who loves their fans, but worries their cats will eat them Valid concern.
Check out the best Valentine's Day messages below.
❤✨So much love for my #KatyCats on this mushy day! Thanks for keeping me floating and grounded all at the same time… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… —
KATY PERRY (@katyperry) February 14, 2017
All we need is love. Happy Valentine's Day. X #ValentinesDay https://t.co/DsxieopcYJ —
Paul McCartney (@PaulMcCartney) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day https://t.co/p4VIPntyHx —
Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) February 14, 2017
Have a Happy Hippie Valentimezzzzz! TBTuesday to my date night with @tywrent!!!!!! It's all about L-O-V-E everyday.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… —
Miley Ray Cyrus (@MileyCyrus) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day to all our fans ❤️ https://t.co/IzYZEVsyEX —
Pearl Jam (@PearlJam) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day ❤😘😍 I love you —
Austin Mahone (@AustinMahone) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentines Day X Adam https://t.co/eiKiysyNE3 —
(@U2) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day, ya creeps. —
Mark Hoppus (@markhoppus) February 14, 2017
I think I'm forgetting something today... Oh yeah! Happy Taco Tuesday everybody! —
(@ChrisYoungMusic) February 14, 2017
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, waves from their car as they leaf their home before voting in the first round of 2017 French presidential election in Le Touquet, northern France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Reuters TV
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, delivers a speech after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS Far-right leader Marine Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron are leading in the official vote count in France's presidential election with about 38-39 percent of votes counted so far, official figures from the Interior Ministry showed on Sunday.
The figures do not include results from France's major cities, where Le Pen's level of support tends to be low relative to smaller towns and villages where counts were complete.
With 20 million votes counted from France's 47 million strong electorate and pollster projections pointing to a turnout approaching 80 percent, the figures put Le Pen on 24.38 percent, Macron on 22.19 percent, conservative Francois Fillon on 19.63 percent and Jean-Luc Melenchon on 18.09 percent.
Early projections from opinion pollsters on the results had shown Macron ahead of Le Pen.
The two highest-scoring candidates from the first round go through to contest a run-off second round on May 7.
(Reporting by Sybille de la Hamaide; Andrew Callus; Editing by Geert De Clercq)
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration needs Corbus Pharmaceuticals to show positive data from only one late-stage study on its experimental treatment for scleroderma to support a marketing application, the company said.
Corbus said on Wednesday it expects to start the study on 270 patients in the fourth quarter and that it was in talks with the European health regulator to wrangle a similar deal for the drug's approval.
The earliest the drug, anabasum, could win U.S. approval to treat scleroderma is in the latter half of 2020, if all went well, Chief Executive Yuval Cohen told Reuters.
The company's stock rose about 3.7 percent to $8.35 in early trading.
Scleroderma comes from the Greek words for "hard skin" and mostly affects women. It is a chronic, rheumatic disease that affects about 90,000 people in the United States and Europe.
Anabasum aims to mimic a natural process to "turn off" chronic inflammation and scarring, without causing immuno-suppression.
The drug is also being tested to treat other inflammatory disorders, including cystic fibrosis (CF) and lupus.
Corbus last week announced positive data from a study testing anabasum's safety and tolerability as an add-on therapy for CF, a genetic disorder characterized by a progressive loss of lung function.
The company said the results showed anabasum has an acceptable safety profile and potential clinical benefit in reducing acute pulmonary exacerbations.
However, noted TheStreet columnist Adam Feuerstein accused Corbus of "cherry-picking" trial data to mislead investors, allegations that Cohen vehemently denied in an interview with Reuters on Wednesday. (bit.ly/2o2fQO2)
Cohen however said they expect Corbus would have to conduct multiple studies on anabasum in CF patients before applying for approval.
(Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto and Savio D'Souza)
WASHINGTON April 10 The Pentagon and Lockheed Martin Corp could shave at least 5 percent off the price of stealthy F-35 fighter jets in their upcoming annual purchase contract as the standard version of the plane heads toward a price of below $80 million, people familiar with the talks told Reuters.
The Pentagon, under the direction of Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, has been exploring how to cut the costs of its most expensive weapons program.
The deal for last year's annual purchase contract, struck this February, put the standard takeoff and landing version of the jet at the lowest price ever, $94.6 million, a 7.3 percent reduction from the previous annual purchase price of $102 million.
The current negotiations are for a batch of about 130 planes. The talks could shave 5-7 percent, or $660 million, from the approximately 100 standard takeoff and landing "A-model" jets for the U.S. Air Force and the U.S. allies, the people said.
The F-35 comes in three configurations: the A-model; the B-model, which can handle short take-offs and vertical landings for the Marine Corps and the British navy; and the carrier-variant F-35C jets.
The number and type of jets in the deal as well as the timing for an agreement have not been finalized, the people said. They spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.
The Pentagon's F-35 Joint Program Office said it remains focused on getting the best deal for the planes and for taxpayers, but would not comment on the negotiations. A Lockheed Martin representative declined to comment.
President Donald Trump and other U.S. officials have criticized the F-35 program for delays and cost overruns, but the price per jet has steadily declined in recent years as production increases.
Speaking at a conference last month, Lieutenant General Chris Bogdan, head of the F-35 program for the Pentagon, said the government hoped that by 2020 the F-35 would cost less than $80 million, a 16 percent drop from its current price.
Lockheed, the prime contractor for the jet, and its partners including Northrop Grumman Corp, United Technologies Corp's Pratt & Whitney and BAE Systems Plc, have been working to lower costs by building a more cost-effective supply chain for the production line in Fort Worth, Texas. (Reporting by Mike Stone; Editing by Frances Kerry)
FILE PHOTO - The seal of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission hangs on the wall at SEC headquarters in Washington, DC, U.S. on June 24, 2011. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday announced a crackdown on alleged stock promotion schemes in which writers were secretly paid to post hundreds of bullish articles about public companies on financial websites.
Twenty-seven individuals and entities, including a Hollywood actor, were charged with misleading investors into believing they were reading "independent, unbiased analyses" on websites such as Seeking Alpha, Benzinga and Wall Street Cheat Sheet.
The SEC said many writers used pseudonyms such as Equity Options Guru, The Swiss Trader, Trading Maven and Wonderful Wizard to hype stocks.
It said it found more than 450 problem articles, of which more than 250 falsely said the writers were not being paid.
"This is different from the fraud cases that you usually see us bring," Stephanie Avakian, acting director of the SEC enforcement division, said on a conference call.
"Here, we allege that the fraud was in presenting the analysis as impartial," they said. "It was bought and paid for."
Seventeen defendants, including Galena Biopharma Inc (GALE.O), ImmunoCellular Therapeutics Ltd (IMUC.A) and Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO.O), agreed to pay more than $4.8 million, including fines, to settle, and to refrain from further wrongdoing.
Not all defendants are making payments, and Galena, ImmunoCellular and Lion did not admit wrongdoing. None of the websites was charged.
The other 10 defendants face SEC lawsuits in Manhattan federal court.
The SEC said they include Lidingo Holdings LLC, run by Kamilla Bjorlin, 46, an actor from Encino, California, who performs under the name Milla Bjorn; and CSIR Group LLC, a New York firm overseen by Christine Petraglia, 49.
It is unclear whether those defendants have hired lawyers. A lawyer representing Lidingo and Bjorlin in separate litigation had no immediate comment. CSIR and Petraglia did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The SEC also issued an alert warning investors that articles on investment research websites may not be objective and independent, and that they should never invest based solely on information published there.
Mike Taylor, a Seeking Alpha managing editor, said in an email that its policies "act as a strong deterrent against potential promotions," including documenting "all authors' claims to not having been compensated by third parties."
Benzinga said in an email that it uses a disclaimer to identify articles from outside contributors, and that each "does not represent the opinion of Benzinga and has not been edited."
The operator of Wall Street Cheat Sheet did not respond to a request for comment.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Richard Chang and Jonathan Oatis)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Vodafone Group Plc:
* VODAFONE ANNOUNCEMENT REGARDING MEDIA SPECULATION
* ‍CONFIRMS THAT IT IS IN EARLY STAGE DISCUSSIONS WITH LIBERTY GLOBAL REGARDING POTENTIAL ACQUISITION OF CERTAIN OVERLAPPING CONTINENTAL EUROPEAN ASSETS OWNED BY LIBERTY GLOBAL​
* VODAFONE IS NOT IN DISCUSSION WITH LIBERTY GLOBAL REGARDING A COMBINATION OF BOTH COMPANIES
* ‍THERE IS NO CERTAINTY THAT ANY TRANSACTION WILL BE AGREED, NOR AS TO TERMS, TIMING OR FORM OF ANY TRANSACTION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PARIS Police officers were deliberately targeted in the Paris Champs Elysees avenue shooting, but it is too early to say what the motive was, French Interior Ministry spokesperson Pierre-Henry Brandet said on Thursday.
Police sources had said earlier that the shooting could have been an attempt at an armed robbery.
(Reporting by John Irish, Gerard Bon and Emmanuel Jarry; Writing by Ingrid Melander)
(Repeats earlier story with no change to text. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON, Australia, April 13 It's probably best to look at China's extremely strong commodity imports in March as a history lesson, rather than a pointer to future trends.
Record high imports of crude oil, the second-most for iron ore and a 34 percent surge in the first quarter for coal from the same period in 2016 all speak of robust demand in the world's importer of commodities.
However, the chances are that this is as good as it gets, at least for a while.
This isn't to suggest that commodity imports are due for a sharp pullback in coming months, rather the likelihood is that they will moderate back toward more sustainable growth rates.
Crude oil imports surged 22.6 percent from February to 38.95 million tonnes, equivalent to about 9.17 million barrels per day (bpd). This was well above the previous record of 8.57 million bpd, which was posted only a few months back in December.
It appears that much of the surge in March oil imports was down to buying from independent refiners keen to use newly-acquired quotas for overseas purchases.
But it's also likely that part of the March surge was due to the arrival of cargoes from more distant origins than the main suppliers in the Middle East, such as Europe's North Sea and the United States.
This reflects another impact from the agreement by OPEC and other producers such as Russia to cut their output by a combined 1.8 million bpd for the first six months of 2017.
These cuts encouraged Chinese refiners to look to non-traditional suppliers for crude, but cargoes purchased in January would only have arrived last month, given the longer sea voyages.
It's also worth noting that China's exports of oil products also jumped in the first quarter of 2017, rising 22.6 percent to 11.96 million tonnes, which is about 1.06 million bpd.
This means some of the strength in crude imports is simply a reflection of higher exports of refined fuels, but this growth trend may moderate in coming months as the Chinese authorities have lowered export quotas.
With refiners also heading into their maintenance season, it is also possible that crude imports will moderate in coming months.
DOMESTIC FACTORS INFLUENCE IRON ORE, COAL
Turning to iron ore, and again the strength in March, and indeed the first quarter, seems largely due to a growth trend that may be easing, rather than accelerating.
China imported 95.56 million tonnes of the steel-making ingredient in March, up 14.5 percent from the prior month and 12.2 percent from the same month in 2016, and just below the record 96.27 million from December 2015.
This took first-quarter imports to 270.88 million tonnes, a 12.2 percent gain on the same period last year.
Imports have been rising on optimism surrounding demand for steel as Chinese manufacturing shows signs of improvement.
But it's also the case that inventories at Chinese ports SH-TOT-IRONINV have reached record levels, peaking at 132.45 million tonnes in the week to March 24, and falling only slightly since than to 131.4 million for the week to April 10.
Steel output gained 5.8 percent in the first two months of the year from the same period in 2016, providing some justification for the strong iron ore imports.
But with steel production expected to moderate in coming months amid ongoing cuts to capacity and efforts to control pollution, it's likely that iron ore imports will moderate as well.
However, much will depend on how domestic iron ore mines respond to the recent sharp fall in prices, and if they shut some production, it may allow imports to continue to grow.
Spot iron ore prices .IO62-CNO=MB have declined from a peak this year of $94.85 a tonne on Feb. 21 to $68.04 on Thursday, with that 28.3 percent drop certain to hit domestic miners harder than the low-cost exporters in Australia and Brazil.
Coal continued its surprisingly strong run, with imports of 22.09 million tonnes in March, up 24.9 percent from February and 12.2 percent from a year earlier. For the first quarter, imports are 33.8 percent higher at 64.71 million tonnes.
Strong domestic coal prices are likely behind the appetite for imports, and the outlook for imports will depend on whether the authorities are successful in getting coal miners and power utilities to agree to longer-term supply contracts at lower prices.
Lower exports from Australia in the wake of Cyclone Debbie, which shut down much of the coal rail infrastructure in Queensland state, may also cause a downward blip in imports in April and May.
(Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
Mehmet Hakan Atilla (R), a deputy general manager of Halkbank, is shown in this courtroom sketch with their attorney Gerald J. DiChiara (C) as they appear before Judge James C. Francis IV in Manhattan federal court in New York, New York, U.S., March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jane Rosenberg
Mehmet Hakan Atilla, a deputy general manager of Halkbank, is shown in this courtroom sketch as they appear in Manhattan federal court in New York, New York, U.S., March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jane Rosenberg
ISTANBUL Shares of Turkish state lender Halkbank suffered their biggest one-day fall on Wednesday after U.S. prosecutors charged a senior executive with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate sanctions against Iran.
Halkbank, Turkey's fifth-largest listed bank by assets, confirmed Deputy General Manager Mehmet Hakan Atilla had been detained in the United States and said it and the Turkish government were looking into the matter.
The 47-year-old is accused of conspiring with wealthy Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars of illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other entities in that country.
"Our bank and relevant state bodies are conducting the necessary work on the subject and information will be shared with the public when it is obtained," Halkbank said in a statement.
The arrest escalates a case that has added to tensions between the United States and Turkey. President Tayyip Erdoğan has said - without elaborating - they believed U.S. authorities had "ulterior motives" in prosecuting Zarrab, who was arrested in March 2016 in Miami.
Halkbank shares tumbled as much as 16 percent, and closed down 14.3 percent at 10.34 lira, their biggest one-day fall since their May 2007 listing, according to Thomson Reuters Data.
TURKISH INVESTIGATION
The U.S. complaint bears similarities to a 2013 Turkish investigation, which also named Zarrab and Atilla and which Erdoğan, then prime minister, cast as a plot by their political enemies to undermine him. (reut.rs/2njgK5T)
In that investigation, prosecutors accused Zarrab, along with others, of having paid cabinet-level officials and bank officers bribes to facilitate transactions benefiting Iran.
The prosecutors were removed from office, police were reassigned, and the investigation was dropped after a court ruled evidence was not properly obtained. At least two of the prosecutors fled the country in August 2015 and are wanted by the Turkish authorities.
Zarrab has denied the charges in their case. It was unclear whether Atilla, who briefly appeared before a U.S. magistrate at a court hearing in New York on Tuesday, had hired a lawyer or made a bail application. Halkbank said last year it had no connection with the U.S. investigation into Zarrab.
In an email to Reuters in 2010, when the United States blacklisted Iran's central bank and a number of other Iranian financial institutions, Atilla rejected the suggestion that Halkbank had been involved in any improper activity.
"We as Halkbank have never executed or accommodated any transaction regarded or considered as illegitimate," they said in the email. "We are fully committed to international regulations and we share concerns of (the) international community regarding illegal activity of any country or institution."
BOND ROADSHOW
Atilla had been in New York to meet with investors as part of a marketing "roadshow" for a planned bond issue, bankers said. They were arrested at John F. Kennedy International Airport.
"The first thing we are trying to understand is how far the process will extend," said one senior banker, who asked not to be identified. "We ask ourselves the same questions in the Zarrab process. Will this remain with just accusations against a few people or will the allegations be widened and have an impact on some Turkish companies or higher levels?"
Some industry sources said they didn't believe the arrest would impact Halkbank's expected bond issue.
"I do not think there will be any problem in the roadshow," said another senior Turkish banker. "It will not create a problem among investors concerning the bank's borrowing."
Still, the lira weakened more than 1 percent late on Tuesday after the news of Atilla's arrest, while the Istanbul bourse's index of bank stocks fell nearly 2 percent on Wednesday.
"It is obviously very difficult to judge the impact on Halkbank itself right now," said Trieu Pham, a strategist at MUFG Securities. "There is a chance that this could play out further, but there are also a lot of people who think at this level it does look interesting."
Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said the case would be discussed with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson when they visit Ankara on Thursday. Cavusoglu, speaking to broadcaster TRT Haber, also called for a transparent process regarding Atilla's arrest.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim told broadcaster NTV that Turkey would ask Tillerson for an explanation for the arrest and would follow the legal process very closely.
Atilla was detained on the same day it was revealed that Zarrab, the gold trader, had added former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, a confidante of President Donald Trump, to their legal team.
According to the U.S. criminal complaint, Atilla worked with Zarrab and others from 2010 to 2015 to conceal Zarrab's ability to supply currency and gold to Iran through a Turkish bank, without subjecting the bank to U.S. sanctions.
As part of that scheme, Atilla and Zarrab used front companies and fake invoices to trick U.S. banks into processing transactions disguised to appear as though they involved food, and thus were exempt from U.S. sanctions, prosecutors said.
(Additional reporting by Ebru Tuncay, Birsen Altayli, Nevzat Devranoglu and Tuvan Gumrukcu in Ankara and Karin Strohecker in London; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Nick Tattersall and Mark Potter)
MEXICO CITY Videos showing Mexico City subway riders reacting to close-ups of men's' buttocks and subway seats with moulded penises were part of a bold advertising campaign launched recently by UN Women, an arm of the United Nations.
The videos have been on YouTube since March 20, but it was only this week that UN Women issued a press release taking responsibility for the initiative.
At a press conference Thursday, the organisation said it would show the videos on 12 subway lines in Mexico City over the next three weeks.
The first video, called Seat Experiment (bit.ly/2nBMq95) showed subway riders' reactions to a seat moulded in the shape of a nude male body with a prominent penis. Lots of men who tried to sit on the seats were surprised or uncomfortable.
"It's unpleasant sitting here, but it's nothing compared to the sexual abuse women experience on their commute every day," reads a sign on the floor below the seat.
Nearly 6 million people take the Mexico City subway each day and women are molested on a regular basis. Trains have had designated women-only subway cars for years and beginning last year, men who use them have been subjected to fines.
In the second video in the campaign, Screen Experiment (bit.ly/2nigqnf), men waiting for the subway see their buttocks projected onto subway television monitors. Many women smile as some of the men cover up their backsides in humiliation.
The campaign drew angry reactions from some men on YouTube and Twitter, who felt they were being stigmatized as rapists and criminals.
According to UN Women, nine of every 10 women in Mexico City, one of the world's most populous metropolises, have been subjected to some type of sexual abuse riding the subway.
(Reporting by Sofia Menchu in Mexico City, Written by Dan Freed; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
MUMBAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - A unit of China's Alibaba has invested $146 million in Indian online grocer BigBasket, strengthening its position in the country's online retail space and potentially posing a challenge to U.S. rival Amazon.com .
Alibaba.com Singapore Ecommerce Pvt Ltd led the $196.7 million Series E funding round, which was approved by the BigBasket board in January, regulatory filings seen by Reuters on Friday showed.
Online grocery sales are fast becoming popular in India, with BigBasket, SoftBank-backed rival Grofers and Amazon's India unit vying for a bigger piece of the market.
Sands Capital Pvt Growth Ltd, International Finance Corp and Abraaj Basket I Pvt Ltd also participated in the latest funding round.
Founded in 2011, Bengaluru-headquartered BigBasket services more than 6 million registered customers across 26 Indian cities.
Through its units, Alibaba holds various investments in India's growing online retail space, including a stake in the parent of mobile payments provider Paytm. (Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
LONDON (Reuters - Kenya's new world 1,500m champion Elijah Manangoi can break the 19-year-old world record for the event, Asbel Kiprop said after losing their title to their younger compatriot on Sunday.
“I see Elijah as a fresh talent, a new guy, who will take the event to the next level," Kiprop told reporters after failing in their attempt to win a fourth consecutive 1,500 gold medals at the World Championships. "He is new, young, strong and smart; they are the guy to run under 3:26.”
Moroccan Hicham El Guerrouj set the world record of 3:26.00in Rome on July 14 1998.
Kiprop, 28, finished ninth on Sunday, more than three seconds behind Manangoi's time of three minutes 33.61 seconds, and said they would now move up to the 5,000 metres.
“I used a wrong tactic and used a lot of energy in closing the gap. When the race settled, the pace had become too hot for me.
“I will move to the 5,000m to fill the void being left by Mo Farah and to try and bring the title back home,” they said.
The last Kenyan to win the world 5,000 title was Benjamin Limo in 2005 in Helsinki.
Manangoi, who finished ahead of fellow Kenyan Timothy Cheruiyot, thanked Kiprop for mentoring them but was coy about their world-record ambitions.
“I thank everybody who made this possible," Manangoi, 24, said. "It is like a dream. I particularly thank Asbel for mentoring me. As for the world record, let's not talk about it.”
* Australia stocks highest since mid-2015, Asia up modestly
* Upbeat U.S. consumers help offset Trump uncertainties
* Pound under pressure as UK formally starts Brexit
* Risk-on mood supports commodities, oil holds gains
By Wayne Cole
SYDNEY, March 29 Asian shares inched ahead on Wednesday while the dollar and commodities held gains as investors shook off disappointment about U.S. President Donald Trump's failed healthcare bill and focussed on an improving outlook for global growth.
The good cheer did not extend to the pound which was on the skids as the British government sent a letter to Brussels formally starting the country's exit from the European Union.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan edged up 0.2 percent and back toward recent 21-month peaks. Australia's main index climbed 0.8 percent to its highest since mid-2015.
Japan's Nikkei added 0.1 percent, with a number of ex-dividend stocks cutting around 130 points from the index. Spreadbetters pointed to moderate opening gains for European bourses, while S&P 500 futures added 0.1 percent.
The Dow snapped an eight-day losing streak, its longest run of losses since 2011, in part as a survey showed consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high.
"Economic fundamentals still remain exceedingly sound here in 2017 and you do not need Trump's pro-growth fiscal agenda for this to be one of the best years for growth since the recovery started," argued Tom Porcelli, chief U.S. economist at RBC Capital Markets.
"We still think tax reform happens, but you are better off thinking about the timing as an end of year event at best."
The Dow ended Tuesday up 0.73 percent, while the S&P 500 gained 0.73 percent and the Nasdaq 0.6 percent.
The dollar bounced from 4-month lows as a top Federal Reserve official talked of more rate hikes to come while political uncertainties surrounding Britain's exit from the EU pressured European currencies.
Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer, one of the more influential policymakers with markets, said two more rate increases this year seemed "about right".
B-DAY
The pound shed a further 0.3 percent to $1.2414 after British Prime Minister Theresa May signed a letter notifying the EU of Britain's intention to leave the bloc.
The Brexit letter is due to be delivered to Brussels later on Wednesday, triggering years of uncertain negotiations that will test the endurance of the European Union.
That came a day after the Scottish Parliament voted in favour of a second independence referendum that would break up the UK.
The euro pulled back to $1.0811, while the dollar bounced to 111.20 yen. Against a basket of currencies, the dollar was steady around 99.756.
The biggest loser overnight was the South African rand which has shed almost five percent in two sessions on speculation well-respected Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan might lose their job.
In commodity markets, base metal prices bounced on more upbeat economic news from China with copper gaining 2 percent overnight.
Oil prices gained after a severe disruption to Libyan oil supplies and as officials suggested the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producers could extend output cuts to the end of the year.
U.S. crude added 19 cents to $48.56 a barrel, while Brent rose 15 cents to $51.48.
Spot gold was 0.2 percent softer at $1,248.80 an ounce. (Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
(Corrects annual premiums in paragraph 1 to over C$2 billion, from $2 billion)
May 2 Canadian insurer Intact Financial Corp said it would buy OneBeacon Insurance Group Ltd for $1.7 billion, creating a North American specialty insurance company with over C$2 billion ($1.46 billion) of annual premiums.
The $18.10 cash offer represented a 15.3 percent premium to OneBeacon's Tuesday close. ($1 = 1.3710 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
FILE PHOTO: Visitors try Huawei's devices during Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February 27, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Journalists follow the presentation of a Huawei smartphone ahead of the IFA Electronics show in Berlin, Germany, September 2, 2015. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke/File Photo
HONG KONG Chinese telecom equipment and smartphone maker Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] on Friday said annual profit growth was nearly flat, its slowest pace in five years, as it ramped up spending to boost market share amid fierce competition.
Strong competition in China's smartphone market from previously little-known domestic rivals OPPO and Vivo cost Shenzhen-based Huawei its top spot as the biggest vendor in the domestic market last year.
"Only revenue growth and no profit growth will not be tolerated," said Huawei rotating Chief Executive Eric Xu.
Huawei, the world's No. 3 smartphone maker behind Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS), said 2016 net profit edged up just 0.4 percent to 37.1 billion yuan ($5.3 billion).
Profits took a hit after Huawei's consumer business spent an additional 4.9 billion yuan in part on branding, while it continued to expand its smartphone business, which is less lucrative than its telecom equipment business.
In February, Reuters reported that internal memos highlighted intense pressure to improve earnings and efficiency and a smartphone division head said the flagship unit had missed internal profit targets.
Global revenue climbed 32 percent to 521.6 billion yuan, slightly slower than 35 percent growth a year earlier, the company said.
Xu declined to elaborate on goals for its consumer business but said keeping a net profit margin of around 7 percent for the group overall "is a reasonable target now".
Huawei's net profit margin overall dropped to 7.1 percent from 9.3 percent a year ago.
Additional spending by the company's consumer business contributed 0.9 percentage points to the decline in net profit margin, chief financial officer Sabrina Meng said.
"I see 2017 as a consolidation year for Huawei, holding share steady and focusing on a return to profit before it considers its next move," said Richard Windsor, an independent tech analyst.
Revenue from its consumer business grew 44 percent to 179.8 billion yuan ($26 billion).
Huawei shipped 139 million phones last year, up 29 percent compared with a flat global smartphone market. That just missed an earlier target of 140 million.
To offset rising production costs, Huawei and other Chinese firms are expected to increase prices for their smartphones this year, said Avril Wu, analyst with market intelligence firm Trendforce.
Revenue from its carrier business group, which competes with Sweden's Ericsson (ERICb.ST) for the top spot globally for telecommunication equipment, rose 24 percent to 290.6 billion yuan thanks to demand for 4G communications equipment.
Revenue from its enterprise business group climbed 47 percent to 40.7 billion yuan.
(Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree, Edwina Gibbs and Randy Fabi)
KIGALI, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Rwandan brewer Bralirwa 's first-half pre-tax profit more than tripled from last year, helped by prudent cost management, it said.
Profits at the brewer, controlled by Heineken, the world's second-largest beer maker, surged to 2.91 billion Rwandan francs ($3.53 million), from 929 million francs in the first half of 2016.
The firm said in a statement it had faced "a challenging operating environment" in the first half, but had managed to minimise the impact on earnings "through price ... management, as well as a strong cost focus."
Bralirwa, Rwanda's oldest brewery, was started in 1957 and is known for beers like Primus and Amstel, as well as a range of sodas produced under licence from The Coca-Cola company.
The firm said it expected some difficulty in the second half from "cost pressures and constrained consumer spending" and that this would likely depress earnings.
Earnings per share jumped to 2.03 francs for the period from 0.58 francs a year earlier. ($1 = 824.9700 Rwandan francs) (Reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana; editing by Elias Biryabarema and Adrian Croft)
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The leading candidate for Mexico's presidential election, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, reiterated on Thursday their pledge to review oil contracts if elected, a day after the most successful auction since a landmark energy opening was finalized in 2014.
Royal Dutch Shell Plc snapped up nine of 19 Gulf of Mexico oil and gas blocks awarded in the auction on Wednesday, as Mexico offered foreign energy firms the right to drill beneath prized deep waters that may contain billions of barrels of oil.
“We're going to review the contracts,” said Lopez Obrador, who is leading opinion polls five months before the July vote.
Mexican officials estimated the auction could bring $93 billion in investment to the country as oil firms develop the areas they won.
Slideshow (3 Images)
The stakes were high for Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and their struggling party, which wants to showcase the results of its energy liberalization ahead of the presidential election.
Lopez Obrador said that Wednesday's auction “is just a show, pure demagoguery.”
Along with other officials of their leftist MORENA party, Lopez Obrador has in the past called for a public referendum on the liberalization as well as the need to review signed contracts.
“The contracts that were signed are, more than anything else, for financial speculation, not for production, not to extract oil, not to develop the oil industry.”
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
TOKYO May 2 Oil prices edged down on Tuesday, as a recovery in Libyan output and rising U.S. supplies raised worries that OPEC-led production cuts may not significantly tighten a bloated market.
Oil has been weighed down by the market's impatience with the slow pace of inventory drawdown globally, even after major oil producers agreed to cut production by 1.8 million barrels per day for the first half of 2017.
London Brent crude for July delivery was down 7 cents, or 0.1 percent, at $51.45 by 0021 GMT, after settling down 53 cents on Monday. Brent crude has risen only around $1 from a one-month low of $50.45 hit on Thursday that came after the restart of two key Libyan oilfields.
NYMEX crude for June delivery was down 10 cents, or 0.2 percent, at $48.74.
Libya's National Oil Company said production has risen above 760,000 bpd to its highest since December 2014, with plans to keep boosting production.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and participating non-OPEC countries meet on May 25 to discuss whether to extend that reduction.
U.S. drillers added nine oil rigs last week, bringing the count to the most since April 2015, energy services company Baker Hughes said on Friday. Crude output C-OUT-T-EIA in the United States is at its highest since August 2015.
U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke on Monday signed an order directing the government to issue a new five-year plan for development on the U.S. Outer Continental Shelf to implement President Donald Trump's directive to review drilling bans in parts of the Atlantic, Arctic and Pacific Oceans.
U.S. crude inventories likely fell for a fourth straight week, while refined product stockpiles were seen up last week, a preliminary Reuters poll on Monday showed.
Industry group, the American Petroleum Institute (API), is scheduled to release inventory data for the week to April 28 at 4:30 p.m. EDT (2030 GMT) on Tuesday. (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Richard Pullin)
April 3 Prochnik SA:
* Said on Friday that its estimated FY 2016 net profit was 282,000 zlotys ($71,124)
* The company reported net profit of 889,000​ zlotys for 2015
* Terminates negotiations regarding the acquisition of e-lady.pl online shop as no transaction terms have been set
* Prochnik does not plan to extend the negotiations for now
* Announced its acquisition plans in Dec.
Source text for Eikon:,
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9649 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
Job seekers fill out applications at a job fair at the Denver Workforce Center in Denver, Colorado, U.S. February 15, 2017. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
WASHINGTON, March 30 - The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell less than expected last week, suggesting some loss of momentum in a labor market that continues to tighten.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits slipped 3,000 to a seasonally adjusted 258,000 for the week ended March 25, the Labor Department said on Thursday. The prior week's data was unrevised.
Claims have now been below 300,000, a threshold associated with a healthy labor market, for 108 straight weeks. That is the longest stretch since 1970, when the labor market was smaller.
The labor market is currently near full employment.
A Labor Department analyst said there were no special factors influencing last week's claims data. Claims for Louisiana and Hawaii were estimated.
The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, increased 7,750 to 254,250 last week.
The labor market strength suggests that an apparent slowdown in economic growth at the start of year is probably temporary. The Atlanta Federal Reserve is forecasting gross domestic product rising at a 1.0 percent annualized rate in the first three months of 2017.
The economy grew at a 2.1 percent pace in the fourth quarter. Job growth has averaged 209,000 per month over the past three months and the unemployment rate is at 4.7 percent, close to the nine-year low of 4.6 percent hit last November.
Thursday's claims report also showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid increased 65,000 to 2.05 million in the week ended March 18. The four-week average of the so-called continuing claims fell 1,250 to 2.03 million, the lowest level since June 2000.
The continuing claims data covered the survey week for March's unemployment rate. The four-week average of claims fell 31,000 between the February and March survey periods, suggesting some improvement in the unemployment rate.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao)
(Adds context, detail)
DUBAI May 2 Saudi Basic Industries Corporation (SABIC) is "very positive" about 2017 despite global challenges, its chief executive said on Tuesday.
Yousef Abdullah al-Benyan told reporters in Riyadh the firm was monitoring the global situation, but it was difficult to predict prices due to the uncertainty in oil markets.
Al-Benyan was speaking a day after the petrochemical maker reported an 80 percent jump in net profit from a year earlier in the first quarter of 2017.
Al-Benyan said SABIC had no plans to raise new debt, but might consider refinancing.
The company is aiming to become the world's third biggest petrochemical maker by growing its existing businesses and by making acquisitions, Al-Benyan said, adding SABIC was currently ranked number four. (Reporting by Marwa Rashad, Reem Shamseddine in Riyadh, writing by Alexander Cornwell and Hadeel Al Sayegh in Dubai; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips and Mark Potter)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
The logo of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen below the Swiss national flag at a building in the Federal Square in Bern May 15, 2014. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
Credit Suisse Group AG (CSGN.S) paid $400 million to settle claims that the Swiss bank sold toxic mortgage securities that contributed to the demise of three federal credit unions, a U.S. regulator said on Wednesday.
The National Credit Union Administration said the settlement resolves the 19th of 20 lawsuits it filed in the last six years against banks over their underwriting or sale of securities to five credit unions that failed in 2009 and 2010.
Including a $445 million accord with UBS Group AG (UBSG.S) announced on Monday, the NCUA said it has recovered roughly $5.1 billion from the banks from these lawsuits.
It said proceeds will be used to pay claims against the Constitution Corporate, Members United Corporate, Southwest Corporate, U.S. Central and Western Corporate credit unions.
Credit Suisse's payment resolves claims that the bank misled Southwest Corporate, U.S. Central and Western Corporate about the risks of $715 million of residential mortgage-backed securities bought from 2005 to 2007, court records show.
The payment is separate from a $50.3 million settlement that the bank reached in April 2016 to resolve claims in a separate NCUA lawsuit, the regulator said.
Credit Suisse did not admit wrongdoing.
A spokesperson, Nicole Sharp, said the bank was pleased that "another legacy matter has been resolved," and had set aside enough money for the settlement in the first quarter.
The NCUA voluntarily dismissed its case against Credit Suisse on Tuesday in connection with the settlement, court records show.
It said the 20th case over mortgage securities relates to the now-bankrupt NovaStar Financial Corp.
The case is National Credit Union Administration Board v. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC et al, U.S. District Court, District of Kansas, No. 12-02648.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Coach Inc
* Coach CEO - closed over 140 locations in Q3 & expect another few to be closed in Q4; in spring season-to-date, co's days on promotion down 35 percent - conf call
* Coach CEO - across global fleet, there were 28 craftsmanship bars installed at end of Q3, and expect to add about 7 more by end of fiscal year - conf call
* Coach CEO - sales in directly-operated Asian markets outside of China, Japan hit by softness in South Korea where macroeconomic headwinds pressured spending by domestic consumers, tourists - conf call
* Coach CEO - "would not comment any further on acquisition activity and won't do so unless and until there's something specific to announce" - conf call
* Coach executive - not looking for brands that have "lost their way", or need to be "completely repaired or repositioned in the minds of consumers" - conf call Further company coverage:
Barclays tries to whistle a new tune
Barclays chief executive Jes Staley's attempts to unmask a whistleblower will be a test case for a regime put in place last year that aims to hold bank bosses to account if they fail to defend reinforced standards. At stake is not just the image of a bank whose chief promised to reform its aggressive culture but also the efficacy of the fledgling Senior Managers Regime, which aims, among other things, to protect those who risk their jobs bringing wrongdoing to light. Reuters' Lawrence White and Huw Jones report.
here
Stockholm attack tests tolerance in liberal Sweden
Hours after the truck attack that killed four people in Stockholm, Muslim taxi driver Abdi Dahir found themselves in a choke-hold from a man sitting in the back seat. Struggling to breathe, Dahir, who moved to Sweden from Somalia as a child, felt they could die at the hands of an angry passenger who blamed the attack on the country's openness to Muslim immigrants. Anti-Muslim anger is testing Sweden's liberal traditions after a man hijacked a truck and rammed it into a pedestrian mall, and the country is bracing for rising intolerance and hate crimes as it tightens its immigration policies. Reuters' Johan Ahlander and Mansoor Yosufzai report.
here
U.S. tax reform debate moves away from Paul Ryan blueprint
Rival approaches are emerging from the White House, Senate and other quarters in Congress, Reuters' David Morgan reports. Congressional aides, lobbyists and analysts say the changing focus could delay passage of a tax bill until late 2017 or 2018, potentially foiling Republican efforts to score a legislative victory for President Donald Trump by August, following last month's failed bill to repeal and replace Obamacare health insurance.
here
Pence's Indonesia trip: try to pack some extra good will
Washington has billed Vice President Mike Pence's visit to Indonesia next week as a booster for the Strategic Partnership between the world's second- and third-largest democracies, but a raft of bilateral tensions from a perceived U.S. bias against Muslims to Indonesia's disputes with U.S. companies, could sap the good will from their trip. Reuters' Kanupriya Kapoor and Fransiska Nangoy report.
here
Whole Foods experts see empty calories in Jana Partners' proposal
Activist investor Jana Partners' proposal that Whole Foods move grocery distribution in-house to reduce its dependence on its biggest supplier, United Natural Foods, doesn't earn much credit with the experts. Reuters' Anya George Tharakan and Lisa Baertlein find out why.
here
'Hey buddy, would you like to buy a watch real cheap?'
A diamond-studded Rolex at 40 percent off the $34,000 retail price or an Omega Speedmaster Moonphase for less than $10,000? The increasing prevalence of such deals highlights the predicament in which luxury watchmakers find themselves. With sales falling, more unsold watches are finding their way from official retail networks to online platforms where they are often offered at steep discounts. Swiss watchmakers say they loathe this "gray market" because high discounts hurt their prestige, but as Reuters' Silke Koltrowitz reports, it's moving the merchandise.
here
Reuters photo of the day
Spring
here
A crow flies toward a tree in a blooming rapeseed field on a spring morning in Vufflens-la-Ville, Switzerland. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
MUMBAI, April 6 India's central bank will focus on draining excess liquidity from the system in the new fiscal year, Governor Urjit Patel said after the monetary policy meeting on Thursday.
The Reserve Bank of India kept its repo rate unchanged at 6.25 percent for a third consecutive policy meeting on Thursday as it continues to guard against a potential flare-up in inflation and an uncertain global economic environment.
"The objective is to more finely align the money market rates with the policy rate, bring down volatility and create conditions for improved transmission of monetary policy across the whole spectrum of interest rates," Patel said.
(Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury; Writing by Abhirup Roy)
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tide is turning
Steve Bruce reckons the ‘dark days' at Aston Villa are now finally behind them.
The club had struggled for years in the Premier League before that fatal relegation season in 2016 and last term's failed promotion push made matters even worse.
But a fine start to 2018 has lifted spirits in the claret and blue camp and automatic promotion is now in sight.
Away from football, this week has been particularly difficult for the boss after dealing with an illness to their mother.
But the strong support network around them at Villa have played a major role in keeping things ticking over.
“I must thank my staff this week because they've been great,” said Bruce.
“They prepared the team for Sheffield United so they deserve all the plaudits.
“I watched on as the staff, supporters, the team, all celebrated. The whole lot of them were engrossed in the winning goal.
“And it's little moments like that, that tell me, thankfully, it is starting to turn our way a little bit.
“Hopefully the tide is turning."
Roomies
Aaron Tshibola will be facing a familiar face this weekend when their loan club Kilmarnock face Celtic in the SPL.
The 23-year-old made the move north of the border to join Killie for the remainder of the season, after their MK Dons spell came to a premature end.
For a short while in 2016, the young midfielder was in the same side as Scott Sinclair, before the winger left for the Scottish champions.
And speaking to BT Sport, Tshibola revealed that the pair shared a room while on pre-season under Roberto Di Matteo.
“He was actually my room-mate at Aston Villa,” Tshibola said.
“I know Scotty quite well and it will be good to see them again. We have kept in touch.
“I didn't really speak to them too much before coming up here but I'm obviously aware of what Scotty's achieved here. He's a great player and a great person so I'm happy for him.
Signings rated
Dr Tony Xia has spent around £80million of their hard-earned cash and handed out whopping contracts to give Aston Villa a shot at the Premier League.
Villa's Chinese owner has signed 25 players since buying out Randy Lerner 18 months ago. In fact, their spending has been so vast that Villa has spent the last six months trying to avoid breaching Financial Fair Play regulations.
The first manager of the Xia era, Roberto Di Matteo, was handed a whopping transfer kitty in 2016 and signed nine players on permanent deals.
The second, Steve Bruce, has signed 16 players in little over 15 months since replacing the Italian in the Villa hotseat.
The only signing who hasn't been immediately drafted into the first team is rookie defender Jacob Bedeau, who cost the club the best part of £1million when they joined from Bury this time last year.
As most of you are probably aware, the Birmingham Mail put out an appeal on social media yesterday for supporters' opinions on the 25.
Benchwarmers
Aston Villa's substitutes would beat Burton Albion at the moment.
That's the view of Nigel Clough, who is preparing their Brewers side for the trip across the Midlands to Villa Park this weekend.
Burton are rock bottom of the Championship at present, having lost their last three matches including the 3-1 reverse at home to Reading on Tuesday, and are now a couple of points adrift of safety.
The claret and blues, meanwhile, are in polar opposite form - they've now won five games in a row and are up to third.
Clough, who saw their side edged out in a 2-1 defeat in the same fixture last season, pulled no punches about where the two sides are at at the moment and even suggested Villa had enough quality on the bench to beat Albion.
Grabban the opportunity
Lewis Grabban wants to fire in the goals that send Aston Villa back to the Premier League - and then make Villa Park their home.
The 30-year-old joined on loan from Bournemouth but knows that their only way of achieving a permanent deal is by repeating the goalscoring form that made them a hit at Sunderland earlier this term.
Grabban smashed in 12 goals for the Black Cats and wants a similar return in the Midlands as the claret and blues chase down automatic promotion.
They will have to wait for at least another week to get underway, though, after boss Steve Bruce revealed they would not be risking them in the matchday 18 against Burton Albion after a month without a game.
The feeling of disappointment is evident as the striker conducts their first interview since joining with the Birmingham Mail.
This is a man who is now at their 12th club but explains the only reason for so many loan moves in their career is because he's desperate to play.
An explanation
Steve Bruce has confirmed Aston Villa are NOT in a position to offer Alan Hutton a new contract due to their ongoing battle with Financial Fair Play.
Hutton, 33, has been in excellent form for Villa this season and Bruce has selected them from the start in 16 of the last 18 Championship fixtures.
The Scottish defender is out of contract at the end of the season and recently approached the manager to discuss the possibility of a renewal only to be told an extension was off the table.
Despite Hutton's disappointment, Bruce insists it's ‘not the end of the world' for the defender and expects plenty of suitors. The Villa manager also refused to rule out a u-turn - but that depends on what division Villa are in come the end of the campaign.
Transcript
Aston Villa take on basement side Burton Albion at Villa Park tomorrow looking to secure their sixth consecutive Championship win.
Nigel Clough's side have really struggled of late and Steve Bruce's promotion chasers are expected to put them to the sword.
Burton were on the agenda at Bruce's pre-match press conference this afternoon, as was new boy Lewis Grabban.
Here's everything the manager said in the first part of Villa's media briefing.
Too soon
Steve Bruce has hinted today's match with Burton Albion will come too soon for Aston Villa newbie Lewis Grabban as the Bournemouth loanee looks to get up to speed following their Deadline Day arrival.
Grabban trained with Villa for the first time yesterday following their last minute switch from the Premier League Cherries and Bruce is delighted to have added another forward to their ranks.
Bruce made no secret of their desire to bring in a new striker at the beginning of the transfer window with Jonathan Kodjia out long term.
Leonardo Ulloa was Bruce's first choice target but the Argentine elected to re-join former club Brighton rather than link up with Villa.
But the man Villa did get, Grabban, will prove an ‘excellent bit of business' according to Bruce.
Big factor
Tommy Elphick has cited Reading manager Jaap Stam as the key reason behind their decision to leave Aston Villa for the Royals.
Elphick, 30, was allowed to leave Villa Park after making just three Championship starts this season and linked up with Reading on Monday.
The former Villa captain will spend the rest of the campaign on loan at the Madejski Stadium in a move which should be made permanent in the summer.
And Elphick is delighted to link up with Stam, whom they admired as a player.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Here's hoping
Aston Villa want to make Sam Johnstone their goalkeeper for the long-term future but know the only way to keep them at the club is to win promotion.
The on-loan Manchester United stopper has starred this season and was influential in the latest win at Sheffield United.
No other goalkeeper in the Championship has more clean sheets than Johnstone this season and that's part of the reason why boss Steve Bruce is desperate to sign them up in the summer.
“We hope they will be our keeper for the next five years,” said Bruce.
“That would delight me.  They are a big tick as far as we are concerned.
“But whether we can do a deal, we will have to wait until the end of the season.”
Selection dilemma
Aston Villa go in search of a little bit of history against Burton Albion this weekend.
Steve Bruce's side are taking 2018 by storm and recorded a fifth successive Championship win courtesy of Robert Snodgrass' late stunner at Sheffield United on Tuesday.
If Villa can beat Burton - who they dismantled 4-0 at the Pirelli Stadium in September - they will have recorded six league wins on the spin for the first time since 1990.
The claret and blues are third in the Championship and just one point behind Derby County, who take on Brentford on Saturday.
Team news
Villa are expected to be at virtually full strength once again. Jonathan Kodjia (ankle) and back-up goalkeeper Jed Steer (shoulder) remain long term absentees but Bruce should be able to call upon everyone else.
Chris Samba, Henri Lansbury, Andre Green and Gabby Agbonlahor weren't even named on the bench at Bramall Lane, such is the incredibly talented pool of players Bruce has to choose from.
MELBOURNE, March 30 Korea Zinc Inc, the world's third-largest zinc smelter, has agreed to take a 15 percent drop in annual processing fees for 2017 as smelters grapple with a dearth of mine supply, Metal Bulletin reported.
The South Korean firm agreed annual treatment charges with Canada's Teck Resources of $172 per tonne, Metal Bulletin reported, citing unidentified people with knowledge of the matter.
The first major deal of the year, it is likely to set the global benchmark and compares to $188 a tonne in 2016 agreed between Teck and Glencore, the deal that set last year's benchmark.
Korea Zinc declined to comment. Teck Resources did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Mining companies pay treatment charges (TCs) to smelters, to have their concentrates turned into refined metal. The charges fall when supplies dwindle as smelters compete to find supply.
Zinc mine supply has been shrinking as several blockbuster mines, such as Australia's Century and Ireland's Lisheen, have been tapped out with no new major lodes in the pipeline.
Korea Zinc said last month it planned to cut its refined zinc production by 7.7 percent to just under 600,0000 tonnes this year due to tightening supply and low treatment charges.
London Metal Exchange zinc has risen 11 percent so far this year to $2,861 a tonne, having soared 60 pct last year, after prices touched seven year lows last January.
Zinc treatment charges have a pricing component which are linked to LME prices. Smelters win a percentage increase in treatment charges for every dollar the LME price increases above a set basis price, but if the price falls, TCs also drop, alleviating fees miners must pay in a low price environment.
In 2017 terms, Korea Zinc will pay for 85 percent of the contained zinc in concentrate, according to Metal Bulletin, meaning it still has exposure to rising prices considering recovery rates are generally 94-95 percent.
(Reporting by Melanie Burton Additional reporting by Jane Chung in SEOUL and Susan Taylor in TORONTO; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BEIJING, March 29 Agricultural Bank of China Ltd (AgBank), the country's third-biggest listed lender by assets, is in discussions to undertake more than 20 debt-to-equity deals, after signing agreements with eight companies.
The eight deals were valued at about 70 billion yuan ($10.16 billion), AgBank President Zhao Huan said at a press conference on Wednesday.
The bank earlier said it had prepared for the establishment of a specialized institution for debt-to-equity swaps.
AgBank on Tuesday reported an 8.7 percent on-year profit growth for the fourth quarter ended December, boosted by higher fee and commission income.
But net interest margin dropped to 2.25 percent at end-December, compared with 2.31 percent at end-June, the eighth straight quarter in which margins have been squeezed.
The bank's non-performing loan ratio (NPL), a key indicator for credit quality, eased to 2.37 percent at end-December, from 2.39 percent at end-September.
Kang Yi, the bank's vice president, said the lender was seeing a "turning point" on its loans business, with the pricing of loans rebounding. ($1 = 6.8890 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting By Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
NEW YORK/RIYADH More than two dozen U.S. insurers affiliated with Travelers Cos have sued two Saudi banks, companies affiliated with Osama bin Laden's family, and several charities for at least $4.2 billion (£3 billion) over the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks.
The lawsuit filed late on Wednesday night in the U.S. District Court in Manhattan is the latest effort to hold entities in Saudi Arabia liable for the attacks.
Nearly 3,000 people died when hijacked airplanes crashed into New York's World Trade Center, the Pentagon near Washington, D.C. and a Pennsylvania field.
The 10 defendants in the lawsuit include Al Rajhi Bank, National Commercial Bank, aviation contractor Dallah Avco, the Mohamed Binladin Co, the Muslim World League, and other charities.
They were accused in the lawsuit of having "aided and abetted" the attacks through a variety of "activities in support of al Qaeda" in the years leading up to them.
"But for the assistance provided by defendants," the lawsuit said, "al Qaeda could not have successfully planned, coordinated, and carried out the September 11th attacks, which were a foreseeable and intended result of their material support and sponsorship of al Qaeda."
The insurers are seeking to recoup sums paid to policyholders who suffered personal, property and business injuries from the attacks.
Their lawsuit seeks at least $1.4 billion of compensatory damages, triple damages and punitive damages.
The defendants could not immediately be reached for comment on Thursday, which is the start of the weekend in the Gulf.
Al Rajhi has previously said that U.S. courts have "repeatedly" dismissed similar claims against the bank, which "has no links to terrorism" and is "committed to operating at the highest levels of compliance" with applicable rules.
The Saudi government and affiliates including the Public Investment Fund, its sovereign wealth fund, have a majority stake in National Commercial Bank.
A Travelers spokesperson, Matt Bordonaro, had no immediate additional comment on Thursday.
Several other lawsuits pending in the Manhattan court seek to hold Saudi Arabia liable to individuals and insurers over its alleged involvement in the Sept. 11 attacks. The Saudi government has denied such involvement.
Saudi Arabia long had broad immunity from such lawsuits in the United States, but Congress in September overrode a veto by former President Barack Obama and allowed such lawsuits to proceed.
The case is Charter Oak Fire Insurance Co et al v Al Rajhi Bank et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 17-02651.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York, Katie Paul in Riyadh and Tom Arnold in Dubai; Editing by Toni Reinhold)
March 28 Canada's main stock index futures were trading modestly higher on Tuesday as investors looked past President Donald Trump's setback on healthcare reform to their planned stimulus policies.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were up 0.04 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
Canada's main stock index advanced on Monday, helped by strength in gold-mining shares amid heightened demand for safe-haven assets like precious metals.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.05 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were up 0.03 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were up 0.1 percent.
No major economic releases are scheduled in Canada.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
Russian diamond miner Alrosa is not interested in buying Canada's Dominion Diamond Corp,, Alrosa's Chief Executive Sergey Ivanov said.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Detour Gold Corp: RBC cuts target price to C$20 from C$23; rating "sector perform"
Heroux-Devtek Inc: Raymond James cuts target price to C$13 from C$14.50
Newcastle Gold Ltd: Canaccord Genuity starts coverage with "speculative buy" rating; C$1.50 target price
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1254.20; -0.12 percent
US crude: $48.13; +0.84 percent
Brent crude: $51.15; +0.79 percent
LME 3-month copper: $5803; +0.75 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON TUESDAY
08:30 Advance goods trade balance for Feb: Prior -$68.84 bln
08:30 Advance Wholesale Inventory for Feb: Prior -0.3
08:30 Advance Retail Inventory Ex Auto for Feb: Prior 0.0
09:00 CaseShiller 20 MM SA for Jan: Expected 0.7 pct; Prior 0.9 pct
09:00 CaseShiller 20 MM NSA for Jan: Prior 0.3 pct
09:00 CaseShiller 20 YY for Jan: Expected 5.6 pct; Prior 5.6 pct
10:00 Consumer Confidence for Mar: Expected 114.0; Prior 114.8
10:00 Rich Fed Comp. Index for Mar: Prior 17
10:00 Rich Fed, Services Index for Mar: Prior 15
10:00 Rich Fed Manufacturing Shipments for Mar: Prior 16
10:30 Texas Service Sector Outlook for Mar: Prior 15.6
10:30 Dallas Fed Services Revenue for Mar: Prior 14.1
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory
($1= C$1.34) (Reporting by Nikhil Kumar; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday, led by the property sector, as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike.
April 20 Fronsac reit
* Fronsac REIT announces a financing
* Fronsac REIT- May sell up to 10.2 million units at a price of $0.49 per offering unit
* Fronsac REIT- Net proceeds of offering will be used for acquisitions and for working capital Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Repeats with no changes to text. John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are their own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2o9bWk8
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2o99z11
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2mHKHQA
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2mHQRjK
* Chart 5: tmsnrt.rs/2nEuP0w
By John Kemp
LONDON, March 27 Hedge funds have unwound much of the concentration of bullish positions that contributed to a fall in oil prices this month, suggesting a broader range of views about where prices go next.
Hedge funds and other money managers now hold a combined net long position in Brent and WTI of 684 million barrels, down from a record 951 million on Feb. 21, though still well above the recent low of 422 million on Nov. 15 before OPEC announced output cuts.
Fund managers reduced their net long position in the three main futures and options contracts linked to Brent and WTI by 38 million barrels in the week to March 21.
They have cut their net long position by a total of 268 million barrels over the last four weeks, according to an analysis of data published by regulators and exchanges (tmsnrt.rs/2o9bWk8).
Fund managers have unwound half of the 529 million barrels of extra net long positions they accumulated between the middle of November and the middle of February (tmsnrt.rs/2o99z11).
The hedge fund community remains bullish overall towards crude but there is now a much wider range of opinions about whether prices will rise or fall in the short term.
Bullish long positions outnumber bearish short positions by a ratio of almost 4:1 but the ratio has dropped from more than 10:1 just four weeks ago (tmsnrt.rs/2mHKHQA).
Hedge funds hold 918 million barrels of long positions in Brent and WTI, down from a record 1.05 billion barrels on Feb. 21.
But managers have more than doubled the number of short positions from 102 million barrels to 235 million barrels over the same period.
The more balanced distribution of hedge fund positions should reduce the risk of further sharp oil price moves in the short term.
There are still a large number of long positions that could be liquidated in the coming weeks if prices drop further and managers are forced to sell.
But the emergence of a substantial number of short positions that will ultimately need to be bought back should help counteract further price falls.
Hedge fund managers appear to have embarked on a new cycle of short selling, which would be the sixth since the start of 2015 (tmsnrt.rs/2mHQRjK).
But the down-cycle could prove more short-lived than earlier cycles, with Brent prices no longer falling and finding some support just above $50 per barrel (tmsnrt.rs/2nEuP0w).
Far fewer long positions were liquidated in the week ending on March 21 than had been closed out during the week ending on March 14.
And only 21 million barrels of fresh short positions were established compared with 70 million in the week to March 14.
The enormous concentration of hedge fund positions that presaged the sharp drop in oil prices starting on March 8 seems to have dissipated and the immediate outlook appears much more balanced. (Editing by Edmund Blair)
A container is carried onto a truck at Tianjin Port, in northern China February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
BEIJING China's imports from North Korea in the first quarter of 2017 rose 18.4 percent in yuan value from a year ago, while exports to North Korea jumped 54.5 percent in yuan value terms, the customs said on Thursday in a press conference.
China's total trade with North Korea was worth 8.4 billion yuan ($1.22 billion) in the January to March period. China's trade surplus with North Korea totaled 1.52 billion yuan, an increase of 3.9 times, the customs said.
China's coal imports from North Korea plunged 51.6 percent in the first three months in 2017 from a year ago at 2.678 million tonnes.
China suspended issuing permits for importing coal from North Korea on February 18 as part of its efforts to implement United Nations sanctions against Pyongyang.
($1 = 6.8743 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, May 3 Investors jumped into U.S.-based funds at the quickest pace in two months, Investment Company Institute data for the latest week showed on Wednesday, as the market shook off concern that stocks have advanced beyond reason. Mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States attracted $20.8 billion during the week ended April 26, the trade group said. That includes $11.6 billion for stocks and $8.6 billion for bonds. The figures exclude money-market funds where investors park cash. "The fear wore off," said Kristina Hooper, global market strategist at Invesco Ltd. "We are very much in an environment of disruptions. We have to recognize there will continue to be geopolitical risks around every corner, although they tend to have short-term impact." Voters head to the polls on Sunday in the French presidential election runoff, but the chances for a euroskeptic winner seemed to ebb when centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron led in the first round on April 23. That paved the way for $4.8 billion to move into world stock funds, the 21st straight week of inflows. Taxable bond funds have attracted money throughout that period as well, and brought in nearly $8 billion in the latest week. Ostensibly high prices did not scare investors away from U.S. stock funds, which attracted the most money in a month, $6.8 billion. "If we were to look over all the stock markets certainly valuations seem extended now," said Hooper. "Earnings have improved, but that doesn't account for all the run-up." S&P 500 earnings grew 14 percent in the first quarter over the year prior, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S estimates. Seven in 10 of those companies have reported results so far. The following table shows estimated ICI flows, including mutual funds and exchange-traded funds (all figures in millions of dollars): 4/26 4/19 4/12 4/5 3/29 Equity 11,601 4,725 3,101 -6,111 1,576 -Domestic 6,757 1,253 -2,666 -12,761 276 -World 4,844 3,472 5,767 6,650 1,300 Hybrid 566 -596 -665 -1,467 -1,077 Bond 8,615 3,229 4,275 11,142 7,594 -Taxable 7,962 2,743 2,963 10,589 6,950 -Municipal 653 487 1,312 553 644 Commodity -7 740 111 -125 100 Total 20,775 8,099 6,822 3,440 8,194 (Editing by Matthew Lewis)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
April 6 IZEA Inc
* Reported bookings of $7.8 million for Q1 of 2017, up 5% from $7.4 million in same year-ago quarter
* Company expects revenue in 2017 to increase to $32-$33 million compared to $27.3 million in 2016
* Gross margins in 2017 are expected to range between 47% to 48% compared to 48% in 2016
* FY2017 revenue view $32.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Unilever Plc:
* Unilever to acquire Sir Kensington's
* Signed an agreement to acquire Sir Kensington's, a New York-based condiment maker
* Co-founders Mark Ramadan and Scott Norton will continue in their roles at Sir Kensington's
* Terms of deal were not disclosed
* Deal is expected to close in next few weeks Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - The ever-closer relationship between Chinese companies and banks can be a toxic mix. A growing number of companies in the People's Republic are buying into local lenders that need to raise capital. The interdependence is risky.
One danger is that banks lend to their corporate shareholders on more lenient terms than to regular borrowers, regardless of credit risks. That concern sparked a selloff in Jilin Jiutai Rural Commercial Bank's stock on Monday, the first trading day following an 85 percent plunge in the market value of shareholder China Huishan Dairy. The milk group's chairperson controls the company through an entity that also owns more than 15 percent of Jilin Jiutai's Hong Kong-listed stock. The lender in turn is Huishan's second-largest creditor, with some $262 million on the line, according to Caixin.
Losses can flow the other way too, as corporate equity injections bind banks and companies closer together. Take Yanzhou Coal Mining. The group bought about 2.2 percent of China Zheshang Bank in the mid-sized lender's Hong Kong IPO a year ago. Since then, the miner has boosted its holding to about 2.8 percent, currently worth about $254 million, according to Reuters Eikon data. Yanzhou Coal made that investment even as it grappled with more than $7 billion of net debt in a sector suffering from massive overcapacity.
There's no suggestion that Zheshang is in trouble, but risks are mounting. Shaky “special mention” loans swelled more than 50 percent at the end of 2016 from a year earlier. That's on top of debt officially classed as non-performing which amounts to 1.3 percent of total loans. More trouble is brewing in Zheshang's $78 billion portfolio of investment receivables – often loans disguised as investments. Writing off less than 2 percent of those assets would wipe out the bank's 2016 net profit. In that scenario, Yanzhou Coal's investment would take a hit, further undermining its own creditworthiness.
The corporate-bank nexus may spare the government from directly injecting capital into banks. But when things go wrong, Beijing will still have to pay the price for letting bad companies prop up bad lenders.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
April 3 NYX Gaming Group Ltd
* NYX Gaming Group enters new long-term partnership with Nederlandse Loterij
* NYX Gaming Group has been selected as new platform provider to Nederlandse Loterij
* Under terms of agreement NYX will also provide Nederlandse Loterij with its open gaming system (OGS) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Plymouth says Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports 6.28 percent passive stake in co
* Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports a 6.28 percent passive stake in Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc as of June 09, 2017 - SEC Filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
GENEVA, April 28 Nine people have died and eight are sick in Liberia after attending the funeral of a religious leader, the World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Friday.
A WHO spokesperson said initial results reported by Liberian authorities had ruled out Ebola as the cause, but could not say whether samples were being sent to other laboratories for confirmation.
On Wednesday, the WHO said Liberian health authorities were taking rapid precautionary steps after eight people died of a mystery illness, 10 months after the end of a two-year Ebola virus outbreak.
"It seems all of these people were attending the funeral of a religious leader," WHO spokesperson Fadela Chaib told a briefing in Geneva.
"They have taken samples from the dead bodies, and all the samples came back negative for Ebola. They will be looking of course for other haemorrhagic fevers and for bacteria, if there was any common exposure to water contamination or food contamination," they said.
Eight people remain under observation in hospital in Sinoe county, a four-hour drive southeast of the capital Monrovia, with symptoms including fever, vomiting and diarrhoea, they said.
Hospital staff are wearing protective equipment and contacts of the sick are being traced in the community to see if they have fallen ill, Chaib added.
"WHO, CDC (U.S. Centers for Disease Control) and other partners are providing technical and logistical support to the rapid response team that has been activated at district and county levels," they said.
In June last year, the WHO declared Liberia free of active Ebola virus transmission, the last of three West African countries at the epicentre of the world's worst outbreak of the disease. The epidemic killed more than 11,300 people and infected some 28,600 from 2013 as it swept through Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, according to WHO data.
A WHO advisory group of vaccine experts is due later on Friday to issue their findings after a three-day regular meeting on vaccines. The statement would include an update on "efficacy, safety and timelines for licensing Ebola vaccines", Chaib said. (Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
FILE PHOTO: A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin on August 11, 2015. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/File Photo
Alphabet Inc's non-advertising business, which houses its cloud unit, Pixel smartphones and the Play store, has long been sandwiched between Google's advertising juggernaut and its moonshot ventures that have captured popular imagination.
Not any more.
The business, categorized as "Other Revenue" in its earnings report, posted a 49.4 percent jump in revenue to $3.10 billion on Thursday – a sum already bigger than Twitter Inc's annual revenue.
The business now represents about 13 percent of Alphabet's total revenue, compared with 10 percent a year earlier.
That may not be a big jump but definitely shines a light on Google's efforts to cut down its dependence on revenue from advertising, where it competes with Facebook Inc.
"(Google) is doing a good job, a much better job in diversifying revenue than Facebook is," said analyst James Wang of ARK Investment Management. "We think that is quite an impressive achievement."
Alphabet does not break out revenue contribution within the "Other Revenue" segment. But analysts have said that cloud is the most prominent among the category's clutch of businesses.
To be sure, Google's cloud venture is still much smaller than market leader Amazon.com Inc's Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Corp's Azure.
But Google is investing heavily.
"In Q1, our largest growth in headcount and capital expenditure was in cloud," Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai said on a call with analysts on Thursday.
Amazon's cloud business grew 43 percent to $3.66 billion in the first quarter. Microsoft's cloud unit grew 93 percent.
"We believe Google will continue to gain traction in the cloud market, and when combined with Google Play and sales of Google's hardware products, we see Google's 'other' revenue growing 38 percent to nearly $14 billion in 2017," Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi wrote in a client note.
The company's hardware business also started gaining traction after Google released a pair of high-profile hardware products last year - the Pixel phone and the Google Home, a smart speaker like Amazon's Echo.
"People are hankering for a really awesome Android phone that basically gives them the iPhone experience," Wang said, adding that the growth in Google's "other revenue" bucket this quarter "shows sustained momentum for the Pixel."
Still, the lion's share of Alphabet's revenue comes from ads and that's not going to change any time soon.
Total advertising revenue increased 18.8 percent to $21.1 billion in the first quarter, the company reported on Thursday.
Profit also rose 29 percent to $5.43 billion, beating Wall Street estimates.
At least 10 brokerages raised their price targets on the stock after the earnings report.
Alphabet's drive for diversification also includes its "Other Bets" business, considered the company's loss-making arm.
The business, home to the Waymo self-driving car, Google Fiber and thermostat-maker Nest, posted a first-quarter loss of $855 million.
Google's shares were up 4.6 percent at a record high of $932.73 on Friday morning. They have gained 12.5 percent this year up to Thursday's close.
(Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru and Julia Love in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Geetha Panchaksharam; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Booz Allen Hamilton said on Friday it won a $621 million federal contract to develop and implement cybersecurity tools across the U.S. government.
The contractor, which earns billions of dollars a year contracting with U.S. intelligence agencies, said it was selected for a six-year task order to support the Department of Homeland Security's program known as Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation, which includes cybersecurity support for cloud and mobile devices and incident response services.
(Reuters) - Shares of Google parent Alphabet Inc fell 4 percent premarket on Friday, as investors were concerned about the company's rising costs and pressure on margins that are weighing on a profitable ad business.
Most analysts believe higher investments by Alphabet to boost its cloud offerings and hardware sales could put pressure on the search engine's margin expansion in fiscal 2018.
“Operating margin and profit dollars fell short of our estimates despite the top line beat given higher contribution from lower margin streams of revenue (hardware),” Credit Suisse analysts wrote in a client note.
The company's total traffic acquisition costs, a measure of how much money the company spends to attract users to its search engine, rose 33 percent in the fourth quarter to $6.45 billion.
Canaccord Genuity analysts said Alphabet's sequential gross margin contraction was the largest in the company's history.
However, some analysts looked past the costs and focused on a strong core ad business as well as positive comments from Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai on its fast-growing cloud computing business.
Investments are paying off, Pichai said, noting that cloud computing is generating $1 billion in quarterly sales.
Google sells ad space on its search engine, its fast-growing YouTube video streaming service and a network of third-party websites and apps.
Led by such ads, Alphabet generated $110.9 billion in full-year revenue, up 23 percent from 2016 and topping $100 billion for the first time.
But threats from Facebook Inc and Amazon.com Inc loom.
“Amazon has grown its position as the first destination for consumer product searches. This has the potential to cannibalize Google's revenue from retail advertisers,” wrote Scott Devitt, an analyst at Stifel who cut their rating to “hold” from “buy”.
At least 11 brokerages raised their price targets on Alphabet, while two cut their price on the stock. Susquehanna was the most bullish, raising its price target to $1,475.Jefferies analysts said Alphabet is placing the right bets on some very big opportunities such as YouTube/TV, hardware, GCP, Waymo, which will help fuel sustained growth and meaningful share appreciation over time.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 New York Times Co
* The New York Times Company reports 2017 first-quarter results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.08 from continuing operations
* Q1 circulation revenue $ 242.375 million versus $218.0 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.07 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.11 from continuing operations
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.11
* Total revenues for q1 of 2017 increased 5.1 percent to $398.8 million from $379.5 million in q1 of 2016
* Q1 advertising revenue $ 130.028 million versus $139.7 million
* New york times co - qtrly circulation revenues increased 11.2 percent, while advertising revenues declined 6.9 percent
* Total circulation revenues in Q2 of 2017 are expected to increase at a rate similar to that of Q1 of 2017
* Total advertising revenues in Q2 of 2017 are expected to decrease in low- to mid-single digits
* Operating costs and adjusted operating costs are expected to increase in mid-single digits in Q2 of 2017
* Expects capital expenditures of $85 million to $90 million on a pre-tax basis in 2017
* Paid digital-only subscriptions totaled 2.2 million at end of Q1 2017, net increase of 348,000 subscriptions compared to end of Q4 2016
* Growth in no. of paid digital-only subscriptions to news products in Q2 of 2017 is expected to be slower than prior two quarters Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc-
* Hilton reports first quarter results, raises full year outlook
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.38
* Q1 earnings per share $0.22 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.28 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc - for q1 of 2017, system-wide comparable revpar grew 3.0 percent
* Sees fy 2017 earnings per share $1.58 to $1.65 from continuing operations excluding items
* Sees q2 2017 earnings per share $0.47 to $0.51 from continuing operations excluding items
* Sees fy 2017 adjusted earnings per share $1.73 to $1.81
* Hilton Worldwide Holdings sees fy 2017 system-wide revpar is expected to increase between 1.0 percent and 3.0 percent on comparable and currency neutral basis
* Hilton Worldwide Holdings sees fy 2017 capital expenditures, excluding amounts reimbursed by hotel owners, are expected to be between $150 million and $200 million
* Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc sees q2 system-wide revpar is expected to increase between 1.0 percent and 3.0 percent on comparable and currency neutral basis compared to q2 2016
* Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc sees q2 2017 management and franchise fee revenue is projected to increase between 7 percent and 9 percent
* Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc sees q2 2017 diluted eps, adjusted for special items, is projected to be between $0.47 and $0.51
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.50 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $1.75 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
NEW YORK The backlash against the rough removal of a United Airlines (UAL.N) passenger to make room on a crowded flight has opened a divide in the U.S. industry over how to manage flight overbooking, with some renouncing the practice and others offering richer incentives to give up seats.
Overbooking is likely to be on the agenda when members of Congress hold hearings on industry behavior in coming weeks. The House Transportation Committee has summoned United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz to testify at the hearing aimed at determining "what can be done to improve the flying experience."
United on Thursday increased its maximum incentive to $10,000 for volunteers on overbooked flights. The Chicago-based carrier also said it aimed to reduce overbooking and decrease instances of involuntary denied boarding to "as close to zero as possible."
United on Thursday agreed to a settlement, with undisclosed terms, with Dr. David Dao, 69, who was dragged down the aisle of a plane in Chicago on April 9.
Southwest Airlines said on Thursday it would no longer overbook flights. The company had the highest forced bumping rate among large U.S. carriers in 2016, according to Transportation Department data.
Prior to the United incident, just one of the major U.S. carriers, JetBlue (JBLU.O), had a policy explicitly stating it would not overbook flights.
Some lawmakers have called for new airline regulations. By taking voluntary steps, carriers could deflect harsher scrutiny, as automakers have done in the past when confronted with safety scandals.
Overall, U.S. airlines are relying less on bumping passengers from overbooked flights, even as they increase the share of occupied seats.
According to a Reuters analysis of Department of Transportation data, the largest U.S. airlines have increased their domestic and international load factor, which measures how many seats are actually occupied by passengers, to 84 percent in 2016 from 80.8 percent in 2010.
In the same period, carriers also decreased the rate of passengers denied boarding on overbooked flights by more than 42 percent from 2010 to 2016.
Other airlines, including Delta Air Lines (DAL.N), did not renounce overbooking. But Delta increased its maximum passenger incentive to $9,950.
American Airlines (AAL.O), the world's largest carrier, updated its conditions of carriage to state that it would not "remove a revenue passenger who has already boarded in order to give a seat to another passenger." The company has not announced other changes to its sales practices.
In a post-earnings call after the United incident, Delta Chief Executive Officer Ed Bastian defended the company's policy on overselling flights, arguing that implementation, not the practice itself, was the problem.
"Overbooking is a valid business process," Bastian said. "It's not a question, in my opinion, as to whether you overbook; it's how you manage an overbook situation."
(Reporting by Alana Wise and Grant Smith; Editing by Richard Chang)
LONDON A panel of global regulators could police a new system that allowed Britain and the European Union to use each other's financial rules after Brexit without disrupting markets, an advisory group said on Monday.
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney called last week for such a "mutual recognition" system, and on Monday the International Regulatory Strategy Group (IRSG) fleshed out how it could work in practice.
The IRSG, backed by TheCityUK, which promotes Britain as a financial centre, and the City of London Corporation, home to the "Square Mile" financial district, said a dispute resolution model would be needed as the EU and UK regulatory systems diverge over time.
The IRSG set out several options, some currently used in free trade agreements, and some that would have to be started from scratch.
"These disputes could be referred to a new independent panel, made up of global standards setters, such as the Financial Stability Board or International Organisation of Securities Commissions, or a new panel of experts predominantly from outside the UK and EU," the report said.
Britain has triggered formal divorce talks with the EU, and it is unclear what the trading terms for cross-border financial services will be from 2019.
Reuters has already reported that the IRSG was proposing a mutual recognition model to avoid major disruption of cross-border customer links.
But it is unclear if the EU would accept such a regime, with some of its policymakers wanting an existing, more cumbersome system of EU market access - which banks in Britain want to avoid using - toughened up.
Frankfurt, Paris, Luxembourg and Madrid also hope that financial business will relocate to them after Brexit.
The IRSG said the "criteria for access" to markets should be based on global rules agreed by the FSB, IOSCO or the Basel Committee, which sets bank capital requirements.
"A joint UK-EU committee or forum could be established to make sure that regulation and principles of supervision are monitored as they evolve over time," the IRSG said.
Mutual recognition has never been tried on the scale being looked at by Britain and could take years to agree.
"There are no easy solutions, here but if the goal is to avoid fragmentation and maintain deep and liquid financial markets which benefit customers, then the UK and the EU will need to work together constructively to strike the right deal," IRSG Chairman Mark Hoban said.
(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Susan Thomas)
FILE PHOTO: People cross a street outside a tax-free department store popular among Chinese tourists in Tokyo, Japan, February 11, 2016. Picture taken February 11, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo
TOKYO Japan is considering relaxing restrictions on visas for tourists from China, three people with direct knowledge of the matter said on Thursday, hoping to extend a tourism boom and lend support to consumer spending.
Since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took office in late 2012, their government has gradually eased visa requirements for Asian countries, pushing to a record high the number of inbound visitors and sparking an increase in hotel construction.
The government is considering lowering the prescribed minimum annual income a Chinese citizen needs to obtain a multiple-entry visa to 3 million yen ($26,983.27) from around 4 million yen now, the sources said.
"We want to announce this policy when the time is right, depending on the pace of increase in hotel accommodation," said one source, who declined to be named because the plans are not final.
The number of foreign visitors to Japan rose 21.8 percent to a record 24 million last year, the Japan National Tourism Organization has said.
China was the number one source of tourists visiting Japan, accounting for 26.5 percent of all arrivals.
($1=111.1800 yen)
(Reporting by Yoshifumi Takemoto; Writing by Stanley White; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
April 3 NP3 FASTIGHETER AB:
* SAID ON FRIDAY AGREED TO ACQUIRE 14 PROPERTIES TOTALING 41,400 SQUARE METERS WITH AN UNDERLYING PROPERTY VALUE OF 310 MILLION SWEDISH CROWNS
* PROPERTIES HAVE AN OCCUPANCY RATE OF 98% AND ANNUAL RENTAL VALUE AMOUNTS TO 26.5 MILLION CROWNS
* AVERAGE REMAINING TERM OF LEASES OF PROPERTIES AMOUNTS TO 5.3 YEARS
* ACQUISITION IS FINANCED THROUGH OWN CASH, BOND LOAN AND BANK LOAN
* CHANGE OF HANDS TO TAKE PLACE DURING Q2 2017 Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FLY HIGH: The funeral for six-year-old Indie Armstrong will be held today at Gregson and Weight Chapel in Buderim.
FLY HIGH: The funeral for six-year-old Indie Armstrong will be held today at Gregson and Weight Chapel in Buderim. Contributed
THE Sunshine Coast Daily has been part of Indie Armstrong's life since the day they were born until the moment they will be laid to rest.
The Daily today unites with a grief-stricken community to farewell the six-year-old tragically killed when hit by a car in a Nambour shopping centre carpark on June 17.
Them funeral will be held from 10.30am at the Gregson and Weight Chapel in Buderim.
ALWAYS SPECIAL: Emily and Jason Armstrong with their little girl Indie when they were born. Greg Miller
Indie's father Jason Armstrong yesterday said they thought it was "only fitting" that as their little girl's first moments were recorded in the newspaper, so too were them last.
They remembered fondly the Daily's coverage of Indie's birth on April 29, 2012, made newsworthy by the fact it was a rare leap year birth.
At the time, Mr Armstrong said they were "just stoked" that Indie was born "happy and healthy".
Yesterday, on the eve of their funeral, Mr Armstrong said they knew Indie was special since the day they were born and they wouldn't want them remembered in any other way.
Indie Armstrong was one of two babies born on the Leap Year on February 29, 2012. Them story featured in the March 1, 2012, edition of the Sunshine Coast Daily .
"Everyone was drawn to them and they were a soft, caring and friendly little girl," they said. "She had a piercing smile with big brown eyes."
Indie was the little sister of eight-year-old Lily, big sister to Sunny and dearly loved daughter of Jason and Emily.
Mr Armstrong said Indie had shared a wonderful bond with their siblings, recalling how they would help Sunny with their breakfast, "mushing it up".
"She always wanted to make sure everyone around them was okay and they had the biggest heart," they said.
Indie was six when they died in a tragic accident at a supermarket carpark in Nambour. Contributed
"She was my bright little spark. They were so full of love and life."
Mr Armstrong said their family was grateful to everyone who had supported them over the past few weeks.
"I want everyone who has donated and supported us to know how beautiful Indie was and that we are so thankful," they said.
The Daily featured Indie (front) as one of the eap year babies born in the early hours of Wednesday morning at Nambour Selangor Private Hospital on February 29, 2012. Greg Miller
A GoFundMe page was set up for the family the day the tragedy occurred and has since raised more than $78,000.
Mr and Mrs Armstrong are small business owners in Yandina, where the community support has been immense.
Fundraising events have been organised and the support continues for Indie's grandmother, Sandy Brumpton, who was critically injured in the incident and is now recovering at home.
April 5 Jeevan Scientific Technology Ltd :
* Says resignation of Kilaru Gopi Krishna as a director and the managing director of the company Source text: bit.ly/2nWKne8 Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LIMA, April 6 Peru's central bank left the benchmark interest rate unchanged at 4.25 percent on Thursday, but said it was especially attentive to new inflation information and could change its monetary policy position in the near term.
The bank said the recent uptick in prices that has pushed 12-month inflation near the upper limit of its target range was temporary in nature and related to the El Niño climate phenomenon that has caused deadly flooding in Peru.
All 14 analysts polled by Reuters had forecast the rate would be held for the 14th month in a row. (Reporting by Marco Aquino and Teresa Cespedes; Writing by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by Sandra Maler)
* Graphic: Sterling and gilt yields bit.ly/2dgAXn1
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Graphic: Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, March 31 Sterling slipped against the dollar on Friday, as investors readied for the European Union's official response to Britain's letter of exit from the bloc, as well the final verdict on Britain's economic output last year.
EU Council President Donald Tusk will send leaders of the other 27 member states their proposed negotiating guidelines for Brexit talks before presenting the main points in Malta two days after British Prime Minister Theresa May formally triggered the two-year withdrawal process.
Meanwhile, revisions to fourth quarter UK GDP (Gross Domestic Product) are expected at 0830 GMT, giving investors a final snapshot of Britain's economic performance in 2016 following last June's Brexit vote.
Both events will be watched by investors as Britain gears up for what could be a tough period of political jousting with the European Union over the terms of its exit.
The pound was 0.1 percent lower at $1.2450 in London morning trade.
It was 0.2 percent lower at 85.73 pence per euro.
"I think we can assume the initial (EU) response is going to imply...the costs of the divorce bill need to be settled first, perhaps at least in principle," said Jeremy Stretch, currency strategist at CIBC World Markets.
"As a realization that that's the first point of contention between the two sides (Britain and the EU), then that might be just a cautious reason to suggest that sterling may soften a little this morning."
Political uncertainty surrounding Brexit and signs the UK economy is slowing as Britain enters a negotiating period with the EU have seen investors take net short positions on the pound versus the dollar to record highs.
British house prices fell in March for the first time since mid-2015, mortgage lender Nationwide said, adding to signs that households are turning more cautious.
And separate data showed British consumer morale steadied in March but households remain downbeat about the outlook for the economy.
Credit Agricole strategists said there was limited potential for a surprise in Friday's revised UK GDP numbers.
"In any case such data is backward looking and will not have any major impact on monetary policy expectations and/or the currency. We stay of the view that sterling is a sell on rallies within the last few months' trading range," they wrote in a note to clients.
Investors are also contemplating the risk of a broader breakup of the United Kingdom.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has written to Prime Minister Theresa May formally demanding that they allow a second referendum to be held on Scottish independence ahead of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. (Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho)
FILE PHOTO: An Amazon.com Inc driver stands next to an Amazon delivery truck in Los Angeles, California, U.S., May 21, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The Netflix logo is shown in this illustration photograph in Encinitas, California, U.S., on October 14, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Thousands of Writers Guild of America members and supporters hold signs during a large strike outside the Fox studio lot along the Avenue of the Stars in Los Angeles, California, U.S., on November 9, 2007. REUTERS/Chris Pizzello/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Audience members line up as striking Writers Guild of America members picket in front of NBC studios in Burbank, California, U.S. on January 2, 2008. REUTERS/Phil McCarten/File Photo
LOS ANGELES/NEW YORK U.S. President Donald Trump may finally get a break.
Late-night talk shows and topical satire, including NBC's "Saturday Night Live," will be the first hit if the Writers Guild of America (WGA) goes on strike next week in a stoppage that media analysts say could send viewers flocking irreversibly to streaming services.
Contract talks are likely to go down to the wire this weekend to avert a strike by some 9,000 TV and movie writers should they fail to reach a deal with the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP) by Monday night.
"A strike of any duration will drive audiences off broadcast and cable platforms and onto digital," said Jonathan Handel, an entertainment lawyer and contributing editor for the Hollywood Reporter who wrote a book about the last WGA strike in 2007-2008.
At the heart of the dispute is the television revolution in which Netflix Inc, Amazon.com Inc and Hulu have upended the traditional model of fixed "seasons" consisting of around 22 episodes of scripted comedy and drama.
The new trend is for fewer episodes - eight to 10 in many cases - but TV writers are still paid per episode. Royalties (known as residuals) are lower for streaming services than networks, resulting in earnings for the average TV writer-producer dropping by 23 percent in 2015-2016 compared with 2013-2014, the WGA says.
"In a time of unprecedented demand, TV writers are, illogically, earning less," the WGA said in a briefing paper.
"No one wants to strike. The prospect is kind of terrifying," said Los Angeles-based Nadria Tucker, a writer on the WGN drama "Underground." "But the business is changing so quickly that we are all just trying to catch up."
Movie studios are releasing fewer films - 114 in 2013 compared with 204 in 2006 according to a WGA study - and sales of DVDs and rentals have dropped.
Neither side is commenting publicly on the talks, but any strike would quickly affect productions like CBS Corp's "The Late Show," Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" and "Saturday Night Live," which rely on teams of writers to pen topical jokes.
Trump and their aides have been a chief target of such barbs, including "Saturday Night Live" impressions by Alec Baldwin and Melissa McCarthy.
Daytime soap operas would go dark next, with the impact on scripted comedy and dramas felt later if a strike is prolonged.
"The (scripted) shows for this season have been produced already," said one TV network executive, who wished to remain anonymous because they are not permitted to speak to the media.
"And even if the strike goes for months, writers don't generally start working on the fall shows until the summer. Some prep work might be missed, but that would be it,” they said.
CHANGING MEDIA LANDSCAPE
The last WGA strike - a 100-day stoppage in 2007-2008 - cost the California economy an estimated $2.1 billion in lost output according to a Milken Institute review. TV viewership dropped 21 percent in the first week, according to Nielsen figures, and people turned to videogames and watching DVDs.
This time, the impact could be bigger.
In 2007, "Netflix had just started streaming and the iPhone had just been released. Today, of course, the environment is quite different," Barclays Capital analyst Kannan Venkateshwar wrote in a research note.
Streaming services, with deep program libraries, are likely to emerge the big winners in any prolonged strike. Such a shift "could result in lasting changes in viewership patterns," Venkateshwar said.
"Did you miss 'Breaking Bad'? Or you never quite caught it and you wonder what all the buzz was about? Maybe now's the time to discover it. The sell is so direct it's practically a neon sign," said Handel of the likely benefit to Netflix and Amazon.The Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers, which represents the media conglomerates Comcast Corp, Walt Disney Co, CBS Corp, Viacom Inc, Time Warner Inc and Twenty-First Century Fox Inc, said this week it is "committed to reaching a deal ... that keeps the industry working."
Meanwhile, TV networks are making contingency plans to add more reality and news programming to their summer schedules. Some are also considering buying shows produced in other countries, like Canada, network executives said.
Steve Burke, chief executive officer of NBCUniversal, said on the company's April 27 earnings call that they were "optimistic and hopeful that the writers' strike will get resolved."
Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos said on an earnings call last week that Netflix would be less impacted by a strike than mainstream networks because "we're not on such a rigid production schedule ... we're in year-round production."
Nevertheless, lawyer and author Handel said the industry is not as prepared as it was for the 2007 strike, when it had time to stockpile scripts, especially for movies.
"Just about no one anticipated this strike until about a month and a half ago so there isn't much that is banked," they said.
(This version of the story has been refiled to remove extra comma from headline)
(Additonal reporting by Jessica Toonkel in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
March 31 U.S. stocks opened slightly lower on Friday as investors locked in gains on what is likely to be Wall Street's strongest first-quarter performance in four years.
they Dow Jones industrial average was down 36.13 points, or 0.17 percent, at 20,692.36, the S&P 500 was down 4.39 points, or 0.185384 percent, at 2,363.67 and the Nasdaq composite was down 8.77 points, or 0.15 percent, at 5,905.57. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
ZURICH The head of UBS (UBSG.S), one of Europe's leading financial groups, has criticised the British government for failing to encourage banks to stay in London after Brexit, predicting that many would soon trigger plans to shift operations elsewhere.
"The UK is not really helping this process by trying to help the industry to stay in London or to do things in London," UBS Chief Executive Sergio Ermotti told journalists on Friday.
"I do see the danger of people being forced to trigger contingency plans," added the CEO of Switzerland's largest bank.
Ermotti's remarks underline the potential impact of Britain's departure from the European Union on one of the mainstays of its economy. Brexit could prevent groups based in London from selling financial services freely across the bloc and trigger an exodus.
An executive at Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) said this week that it was considering whether to move thousands of its staff from London.
Ermotti, whose bank employs around 5,000 staff in London, said UBS would decide whether and where to relocate staff in the coming months.
"Our timeframe for making decisions (on Brexit) is still ... probably going to be towards the end of the summer, beginning of fall, so that we can start to take concrete steps to prepare ourselves," they said.
Ermotti said they were looking at alternative locations around Europe, including Frankfurt and Spain, where the bank already had a base. UBS has its headquarters in Zurich, outside of the European Union.
UBS has recently moved its London base to new offices in the main financial district. As well as managing the wealth of the rich, the group, with 2.2 trillion Swiss francs (1.71 trillion pounds) in assets, has an investment bank.
In January, UBS Chairman Axel Weber said around 1,000 of the bank's London employees could be hit by Britain's exit from the European Union, while Ermotti had previously placed the figure higher - at 20 percent to 30 percent of total jobs there.
Last month, Prime Minister Theresa May formally declared Britain's intention to leave the EU, opening a two-year period for both side to negotiate the divorce.
Talks were expected to begin in earnest in June, although May's surprise decision to call a snap election on June 8 has added to the uncertainty.
"Our goal would be to (keep) as many people in the UK as possible and only selectively have people in the continent, but it's up to the UK government to come up with pragmatic ways to do that," said Ermotti.
(Writing By John O'Donnell; Editing by Keith Weir)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer Football - Bayer Leverkusen vs Bayern Munich - Bundesliga - BayArena, Leverkusen, Germany - 15/4/17 Bayern Munich players walk off the pitch after the match Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
BERLIN German champions and league leaders Bayern Munich sorely missed their top scorer Robert Lewandowski as they were held to a goalless draw by 10-man Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday.
The stalemate left Bayern top of the Bundesliga on 69 points from 29 games, eight more than the closest rivals RB Leipzig who booked Champions League football next season for the first time in the club's history with a 4-0 home win over Freiburg.
Still reeling from Wednesday's 2-1 home defeat by holders Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final first leg, Bayern again lacked the cutting edge without Lewandowski who is struggling to recover from a shoulder injury.
The prolific Pole has scored 38 goals in 40 games in all competitions this season and Bayern could have done with their lethal finishing against Leverkusen as they missed a barrage of gilt-edged chances.
Arturo Vidal, Kingsley Coman, Thiago Alcantara and Thomas Mueller, playing as the lone striker in a makeshift formation, all came close before the home side had their Croatian defender Tin Jedvaj sent off on the hour for a second bookable foul.
Substitute Philipp Lahm missed Bayern's final and best chance in the 85th minute, when they dragged their shot wide from five metres with only goalkeeper Bernd Leno to beat after a good run and cross by Mueller.
Leverkusen, who have won only one of their last eight league games, moved one place up to 11th on 36 points from 29 games.
(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic; Editing by Ian Chadband)
U.S. education sec to redo regulation on helping defrauded college students
WASHINGTON, June 14 U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos on Wednesday called for a "regulatory reset," and delayed the effective date of a rule intended to speedily cancel the student-loan debts of borrowers defrauded by Corinthian Colleges Inc. and others, so that it can be rewritten.
- As noted, at the end of tonight's episode of SmackDown Live, Randy Orton confronted WWE Champion Bray Wyatt after Wyatt successfully defended their championship in a three-way match against AJ Styles and John Cena. Orton pledged their undying allegiance to Wyatt and said that they could not face them at WrestleMania 33.
SmackDown General Manager Daniel Bryan announced on Talking Smack that a battle royal will take place on next week's SmackDown with the winner going on to face Wyatt for the title at WrestleMania. AJ Styles is the first name confirmed for the battle royal.
- The Big Show will be appearing at the Dallas Autorama at the Dallas Market Center in Dallas, TX from 4 to 7 p.m. this Friday, Feb. 17. You can get more details at autorama.com.
- Former WWE and TNA Superstar - and Wrestling Inc. podcaster - Matt Morgan will be returning to the ring for a "Wrestling For Autism" event on Saturday, April 22nd in East Haven, CT. Robbie E, Willie Mack and Cortez Castro are also scheduled for the show. You can get more details at KOAutismCT.com.
- Speaking of Morgan, they seemed to tease a more permanent return to wrestling on Instagram today, as seen below:
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
April 10 NASDAQ HELSINKI OY
* PRELIMINARY RESULT OF THE SUBSEQUENT OFFER PERIOD OF MSSL ESTONIA WH OÜ'S PUBLIC TENDER OFFER FOR ALL SHARES AND STOCK OPTIONS IN PKC GROUP PLC
* SHARES TENDERED DURING SUBSEQUENT OFFER PERIOD REPRESENT ABOUT 1.54 PERCENT OF ALL SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS IN PKC
* ALL SHARES TENDERED IN TENDER OFFER REPRESENT APPROXIMATELY 95.72 PERCENT OF ALL SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS IN PKC Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Four men and a woman were in court today (Friday, October 6) charged with taking part in an illegal parade and wearing paramilitary style clothing.
Appearing side by side in the dock at Craigavon Magistrates Court all five refused to stand when asked to do so, initially by prison staff and the court clerk.
Martin Conlon.
The five, 48-year-old Martin Stephen Conlon, Christopher Martin Hamill (27) both from Lurgan, 49-year-old Audrey Sharpe and Omagh men Declan McCrory (47) and 24-year-old Sean Pearson, also refused to stand when Deputy District Judge Sean O'Hare asked them to.
Appearing for all five, defence barrister Conor Lunny told the judge they had warned the defendants “about the potential repercussions” of not recognising the court but that each were “exercising their right” not to do so.
Conlon, from Tarry Drive; Hamill, from Lurgan Tarry; Sharpe, from Drumbeg, Craigavon; McCrory, from the Aghaboy Road and Pearson, from Culmore Park, are all jointly charged with two counts of taking part in an un-notified public procession on April 15 and 16 this year.
They are also jointly accused on two further charges of wearing items of clothing, namely paramilitary style uniforms, “in such a way or in such circumstances as to arouse reasonable suspicion that they were a member or supporter of a proscribed organisation, contrary to Section 13(1) of the Terrorism Act 2000,” on the same dates.
Audrey Sharpe.
None of the surrounding circumstances giving rise to the allegations were opened in court but it is understood they relate to un-notified parades in Lurgan and Belfast on 15 and 16 April this year.
Giving evidence to the court a police constable said they knew the background facts and circumstances, adding that they believe they could connect each of the accused to the offences.
A prosecuting lawyer asked for the case to be adjourned for six weeks as “there's some expert evidence required” but Mr Lunny said they were taking “no issue” with the postponement.
While the defence barrister asked for legal aid to be granted, Judge O'Hare deferred the application but said it could be looked at again “when the defendants recognise the court.”
Christopher Hamill.
All five were freed to appear again on November 17.
According to a police press release two other men, aged 35 and 41 have been reported to the Public Prosecution Service for similar offences relating to the same processions while a 48-year-old man has also been reported to the PPS for the offence of ‘organising an un-notified procession.'
A woman posing as a sign language interpreter has baffled the hearing impaired after making gibberish gestures during a crucial police press conference in a high profile serial killer case.
As Tampa police Chief Brian Dugan announced important information about the case, phony interpreter Derlyn Roberts stood beside them and waved their arms around "like they were singing Jingle Bells".
"A lot of them were invented signs," said Rachelle Settambrino, a University of South Florida sign language professor.
"I wasn't able to understand anything they were saying."
Advertisement
Police say they did not request an interpreter for the press conference, and are baffled as to why Roberts (circled) was there signing gibberish.
Among the things Roberts signed, according to Settambrino, was the following: "Fifty-one hours ago, zero 12 22 [indecipherable] murder three minutes in 14 weeks ago in old [indecipherable] murder four five 55,000 plea 10 arrest murder bush [indecipherable] three age 24."
A mother of one of the victims, who is deaf, was at the press conference.
Tampa police assumed Roberts was a contractor from a company they use, but admit they didn't question them when they arrived.
"I allowed them to do it. I didn't ask enough questions," Tampa Police Department spokesperson Steve Hegarty said.
They assumed someone else at the department had arranged for them to come.
But the mistake has left many in the deaf community shaking their heads.
"I was disappointed, confused, upset and really want to know why the city of Tampa's chief of police, who is responsible for my safety did not check them out," Settambrino said.
Interpreter Derlyn Roberts (left) made no sense to hearing-impaired viewers during a crucial police press conference about a serial killer case. Photo / 10 News
Roberts has been arrested several times for fraud, and has one conviction.
They have yet to explain their actions and police say their actions are not a crime, but more of an ethical violation.
The drama is the latest in a flurry of apparently unqualified people delivering nonsense sign language at important occasions.
In September, an interpreter in Manatee County signed words like "pizza" and "monster" during warnings of a mandatory evacuation ahead of Hurricane Irma's arrival in Florida.
And in 2013 a fake interpreter signed gibberish during a memorial service for Nelson Mandela in South Africa, which was attended by world leaders.
William Hill Plc (WMH.L) named Ruth Prior as chief financial officer on Thursday as its new chief executive builds a team to try to lift the British bookmaker's fortunes after a run of weak results.
Prior will join later this year from Worldpay (WPG.L), where they are now chief operating officer and previously held the post of deputy CFO, the gambling company said.
The appointment comes weeks after William Hill named previous CFO Philip Bowcock as its new chief executive officer.
Chairman Gareth Davis, a well known figure in British business, said they were planning to step down from a role they have held since 2010.
"I would envisage...to be in a position to retire from the board before the time of the 2018 Annual General Meeting." Davis wrote in the company's latest annual report.
Bowcock and their team will have the job of turning around the bookmaker which has struggled to keep pace with the rapid growth of online gambling and missed out on consolidation in the sector in recent years.
Prior led the implementation of a multi-channel payment platform at Worldpay.
"We are encouraged to see another CFO appointment from outside the industry," Simon French, analyst at Cenkos, wrote in a client note adding that Prior's experience of processing payments should prove valuable as William Hill increases revenue from outside Britain.
William Hill pulled out of merger talks with Canadian online gambling company Amaya Inc (AYA.TO) in October. It also rejected a takeover approach from smaller rivals 888 (888.L) and Rank Group (RNK.L) last year.
Its rivals have expanded through mergers with the tie-up between Ladbrokes and Coral (LCL.L) toppling William Hill as Britain biggest high street bookmaker.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Edmund Blair and Keith Weir)
March 30 TV Today Network Ltd:
* Says completed acquisition process of 21.01% of paid-up share capital of India Today Online from Living Media India
* Says co holds 100% of paid-up share capital of India Today Online and India Today Online is a unit of company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - When Americans snack on pizza, beer and guacamole this Sunday as they watch the Philadelphia Eagles square off against the New England Patriots, the Super Bowl will not be the only contest going on in their living rooms.
Companies long associated with Super Bowl staples and their ingredients, including Papa John's International (PZZA.O) and Anheuser Busch InBev (ABI.BR), are locked in their own competitions to beat rivals and win the favor of customers and investors.
PIZZA
Shares of Papa John's International have dropped 23 percent over the past year as its status as the “official pizza sponsor” of National Football League and the Super Bowl has changed from a benefit to a liability.
In November, Papa John's founder and then-Chief Executive John Schnatter blamed its lukewarm pizza sales on the league's handling of players' national-anthem protests against racial inequality. The player controversy has hurt the NFL's already dwindling TV viewership. Schnatter's comments generated a huge backlash on social media, prompting the company to apologize, and it later announced Schnatter's resignation.
“The NFL's popularity is on the decline, and Papa John's is associated with them,” said BTIG analyst Peter Saleh. “The NFL partnership is no longer benefiting them, and it's something they're still under contract for.”
Larger rival Domino's Pizza (DPZ.N) is also switching leaders, with Chief Executive Patrick Doyle set to step down in June. Doyle presided over a successful turnaround and led the industry in leveraging data analytics to boost sales, earning them acclaim on Wall Street. Their replacement by Richard Allison, currently president of Domino's international business, may create uncertainty among investors.
Domino's is expected by analysts to post 8 percent revenue growth in 2018, compared to growth under 2 percent at Papa John‘s. Domino's is also trading at a higher valuation, equivalent to 27 times expected earnings, versus Papa John's valuation of 22 times earnings.
GUACAMOLE
Guacamole is a staple living room snack on Super Bowl Sunday, with consumers spending $62 million on avocados, the dip's main ingredient, in the two weeks leading up to last year's game, according to Nielson.
Add to that, the fruit's popularity among U.S. millennials, a key demographic, and investors may do well look at Limoneira (LMNR.O), which grows the fruit, and Calavo Growers Inc (CVGW.O), which markets and distributes it.
“Fresh food is growing quickly, and within fruits and vegetables, avocado is one of the leaders,” said Lake Street Capital Markets analyst Chris Krueger, who has “buy” recommendations on Calavo and Limoneira. They noted that recent price increases for avocados should be positive for Calavo.
The CEOs of both companies sit on each other's boards and their headquarters are close neighbors in Santa Paula, California.
Double-digit sales expansion has helped push Calavo's stock up 58 percent in the past year, and all four analysts who cover it recommend buying. However, its recent rally has left Calavo trading at 29 times expected earnings, which is above its own five-year average of 23. Shares of Limoneira, which grows lemons and is also the largest U.S. avocado producer, dropped in December as strong winds blew a wildfire through prime avocado growing country in Southern California.
But Limoneira has said its crops escaped significant damage, and it expects to increase its operating income by at least 32 percent in fiscal 2018. Limoneira's stock remains down 15 percent from before the California blazes broke out in December.
BEER
Anheuser-Busch InBev's Budweiser commercials have long been a Super Bowl mainstay, but the world's largest brewer faces growing competition from smaller, younger rivals offering IPAs and other premium beers to drinkers with increasingly discriminating taste buds. U.S. consumers spent $1.3 billion on beer in the two weeks ahead of last year's Super Bowl, including $166 million on craft brews, according to Nielson.
Smaller rivals Craft Brew Alliance (BREW.O), which makes Kona, and Boston Beer Company (SAM.N), which sells Samuel Adams, have seen their stocks surge over 20 percent in the past year.
But those gains have left Craft Brew Alliance trading at 56 times expected earnings and Boston Beer Company at 27 times earnings, potentially expensive valuations. Meanwhile, AB InBev has snapped up 10 U.S. craft brewers in the past decade, and its stock is trading at a less expensive 22 times expected earnings.
April 12 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc on Wednesday said it is selling 9 million shares of Wells Fargo & Co, and will withdraw its application for Federal Reserve permission to boost its ownership stake above 10 percent.
Berkshire said it concluded after several months of talks with Fed representatives that boosting its stake in Wells Fargo "would materially restrict our commercial activity" with the bank.
It also said "investment or valuation considerations" were not factors in the sales. Wells Fargo has been beset by a scandal over its creation of unauthorized customer accounts.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Chris Reese)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BUENOS AIRES, April 20 Port workers in Argentina's main grains hub of Rosario will hold flash protests and block access gates over the weeks ahead as part of wage negotiations in which they are demanding a 40 percent pay increase, a union leader said on Thursday.
Wage strikes and protests are common in Argentina, which had an inflation rate of about 40 percent last year. The central bank aims to cut inflation by more than half in 2017.
"We are going to hold days of protests in front of the gates of different port facilities. We will hold them one or two days a week until the end of the month up and down Rosario's industrial corridor," local representative of the CGT labor union Edgardo Quiroga told Reuters by telephone, adding the exact times and locations would not be announced ahead of time.
They said protesters would not block all of Rosario's terminals at the same time.
A spokesperson for Argentina's port operators' chamber could not be reached for comment.
Argentina's is the world's top exporter of soymeal livestock feed and soyoil, which is used in making biofuels. (Reporting by Maximilian Heath; Writing by Hugh Bronstein; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
March 31 Infibeam Incorporation Ltd:
* Says signed binding addendum to MoU with Avenues (India) Pvt Ltd
* Made payment of 1.5 billion rupees to acquire 7.50 stake with control of CC Avenue
* Approved further investment of 600 million rupees for acquiring 3.85 percent stake of CC Avenue already held by unit NSI Inifium Global Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MONTREAL/QUEBEC CITY, March 30 Bombardier Inc should consider its decision to award top executives pay rises of up to 50 percent in light of a public backlash at a time when the company has laid off thousands of employees, Quebec's economy minister said on Thursday.
Total compensation for the Canadian plane and train maker's top five executives and board chairperson rose to $32.7 million in 2016, up from $21.9 million a year earlier, according to a proxy circular published on Wednesday ahead of Bombardier's May 11 annual meeting.
In 2016, Bombardier announced two rounds of layoffs totaling 14,500 people over two years at sites around the world. The company has said it would still hire for certain programs.
"If I was Bombardier, I would reflect on the message they are getting from the public," Economy Minister Dominique Anglade said in provincial parliament, as angry Quebecers took to social media and popular talk shows on Thursday to denounce the raises.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, pressed to comment on the issue at a news conference in Brampton, Ontario, said, “We respect the free market and choices companies will make, but we also have a responsibility to ensure the investments we make with taxpayers' dollars are leading to good jobs and growth.” They did not elaborate.
Bombardier's chief executive officer, Alain Bellemare, who launched a five-year turnaround plan, earned almost $9.5 million last year, up from $6.4 million in 2015.
In an email, Bombardier spokesperson Simon Letendre said the higher compensation reflects management's success in hitting the company's 2016 targets. They said a large proportion of executive remuneration is tied to performance or to share price appreciation.
Bombardier, which was forced to consider bankruptcy in 2015 after facing a cash crunch while developing two new jets, slashed 7,500 jobs last October, in a second round of layoffs.
The company has received a $1 billion investment from Quebec in its CSeries narrowbody program, in 2015. In February, it got C$372.5 million in loans from Canada's federal government.
"Bellemare did a good job last year,” said Michel Nadeau, executive director of the Institute for Governance of Private and Public Organizations. “But I think they should wait (for raises) until the company is doing better."
Nadeau said the 36 percent compensation raise secured by Bombardier's executive chairperson and former CEO, Pierre Beaudoin, to $5.2 million was out of line with Canadian industry norms. Beaudoin is a member of Bombardier's founding family that controls the company.
"I think the shareholders have the right to know why they are being paid $5 million,” Nadeau said.
Canada's second largest pension fund, Caisse de depot et placement Quebec, has invested $1.5 billion for a 30 percent stake in Bombardier's rail division. Caisse did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
(Reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal and Kevin Dougherty in Quebec City; Additional reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Leslie Adler)
BRUSSELS The European Commission sees a possible solution in the coming weeks on the bailout of two small Italian banks from the Veneto region, a spokesperson said on Monday.
Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca have applied to receive state support using an exception to EU banking liquidation rules that would allow public money to be injected in the two lenders with a limited contribution from the banks' creditors.
The Commission said it was in "constructive talks" with the Italian authorities and the European Central Bank on the bailout request.
"All players are sitting around a table with the objective of coming to a common solution that is efficient, sustainable and in the interest of financial stability," the spokesperson said.
"We are confident that a solution on this basis can be found in the coming weeks," they added.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio @fraguarascio, editing by Julia Fioretti)
WASHINGTON (AP) — A federal judge ruled Tuesday against the Trump administration's decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation, calling the Department of Homeland Security's rationale against the program "arbitrary and capricious."
U.S. District Judge John D. Bates in Washington wrote that the decision to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, known as DACA, "was unlawful and must be set aside."
Bates wrote that DHS' decision "was predicated primarily on its legal judgment that the program was unlawful. That legal judgment was virtually unexplained, however, and so it cannot support the agency's decision."
Bates gave DHS 90 days to "better explain its view that DACA is unlawful." If the department cannot come up with a better explanation, they wrote, it "must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications."
Advertisement
DACA allowed immigrants brought to the U.S. illegally as children, known as Dreamers, to stay and work legally under renewable permits. President Donald Trump announced last year that they would end the program started by President Barack Obama. It was officially rescinded in March, but DHS is continuing to issue renewals because of previous court orders.
Bates' ruling Tuesday night comes in a pair of cases whose lead plaintiffs are the NAACP and Princeton University.  They are the third judge to rule against administration plans to end the program.
MADRID, April 23 Lionel Messi scored their 500th Barcelona goal with the last kick of the game to snatch a stunning 3-2 win at Real Madrid and put the two teams level on points at the top of La Liga.
James Rodriguez appeared to have rescued a point for the hosts with an 86th minute strike to make it 2-2 after goals by Messi and Ivan Rakitic had overturned Casemiro's opener.
Madrid captain Sergio Ramos was sent off for a two-footed lunge on Messi in the 77th minute and that left Barcelona in a strong position, until Rodriguez fired home at the near post.
But Messi's second goal in the final minute of added time earned Barça a vital win in the title race that leaves both sides with 75 points, although Madrid have a game in hand. (Editing by Ken Ferris)
LONDON Everton have been dealt another injury blow ahead of Saturday's Premier League derby against Liverpool after defender Ramiro Funes Mori was injured while playing for Argentina.
Funes Mori left the field on a stretcher clutching their left knee after 36 minutes as Argentina lost 2-0 to Bolivia in a World Cup qualifier in La Paz on Tuesday.
They have made 26 appearances for Everton this season and would have been in Everton manager Ronald Koeman's plans for the lunchtime kickoff at Anfield.
The international break has not been kind to Everton's defence with Seamus Coleman breaking their leg while playing for Ireland against Wales last Friday.
Everton have not commented on the severity of Funes Mori's injury but it seems unlikely they will be fit.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Ed Osmond)
April 20 Challenger Ltd
* Challenger's total group assets and funds under management at 31 March 2017 was $66.6 billion, up 3% for quarter
* FY17 life coe expected to be mid-point of $620 million to $640 million guidance range
* Annuity sales increased by 53% on prior corresponding period (pcp), with particularly strong growth in lifetime annuities
* For 2017 FY, expects life's normalised cash operating earnings to be around mid-point of its $620 million- $640 million guidance range Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 Wolford AG:
* Revises guidance for 2016/17 financial year and planning for following years
* Company plans to generate positive operating results again in 2018/19 financial year
* Updated medium-term planning focuses on sustainably improving cost structures with objective of making company profitable again
* Against backdrop of current difficult market environment, the latest planning assumptions foresee moderate revenue growth of individual sales channels
* Time frame of two years is stipulated to implement measures designed to improve earnings
* Expects to allocate provisions in 2016/17 financial year in range of 7 million to 9 million euros ($7.42 million - $9.55 million) for impairment losses and restructuring measures in addition to operating losses amounting to 8 million to 10 million euros
* In order to ensure a sustainable financing structure, management board of Wolford AG is currently examining various suitable equity capital measures with its core shareholders Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9429 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
WESTPORT, CT (CBS Local) – The family of a 96-year-old in Connecticut has found a hidden treasure trove dedicated to every book the grandmother ever read.
Stefanie Dreyfuss of Westport passed away in mid-May, leaving behind several relatives and in-laws. Them daughter-in-law posted a photo on Twitter of the stunning find in the woman's home. Each book review had been categorized using a completely original code created by Dreyfuss and filed away on hundreds of index cards over the years.
I lost my mother in law last week. They were 96 and one of my best friends. A lifelong lover of books, they kept track of all they read on index cards and recorded their opinion in code. This is the key to their code and the cards we found among their belongings. pic.twitter.com/Iabmek9B7F — Lauren Tarshis (@laurenTarshis) May 26, 2018
Lauren Tarshis' post of the find quickly went viral, with over 18,000 fellow book lovers liking the post and over 2,500 people re-tweeting the image. “She kept track of all they read on index cards and recorded their opinion in code. This is the key to their code and the cards we found among their belongings,” Tarshis tweeted. Tarshis is the author of the New York Times Bestselling series “I Survived“, a fast-paced historical fiction from the perspective of a boy or girl who lived through a historical disaster.
The biggest takeaway from the 96-year-old's coded collection is that they were a very tough grader. The numerous codes included:
RP: Readable Piffle
NFM: Not For Me
G: Good didn't hold my attention
NMS: Not my style
RR: Readable
WOT: Waste of Time
The opinionated reader's daughter-in-law shared another photo a few days later after discovering a second hidden collection. Dreyfuss (who immigrated to the U.S. in 1947) had also saved their favorite quotes over their many decades in America.
GENEVA The United Nations human rights chief urged the Iraqi government and U.S.-led coalition on Tuesday to review tactics in Mosul to spare civilians they said were being deliberately put at risk by Islamic State.
At least 307 civilians have been killed and 273 wounded in western Mosul between Feb. 17 and March 22 as Islamic State fighters herd people into booby-trapped buildings as human shields and fires on those who flee, according to U.N. figures.
"This is an enemy that ruthlessly exploits civilians to serve its own ends, and clearly has not even the faintest qualm about deliberately placing them in danger," U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein said.
"It is vital that the Iraqi Security Forces and their coalition partners avoid this trap," they said in a statement.
"The conduct of air strikes on ISIL (Islamic State) locations in such an environment, particularly given the clear indications that ISIL is using large numbers of civilians as human shields at such locations, may potentially have a lethal and disproportionate impact on civilians," Zeid said.
The rules of war, as set out in the Geneva Conventions, require respecting the principles of precaution, proportionality and distinguishing between combatants and civilians.
Zeid also called on Iraqi and coalition forces to conduct transparent investigations into deadly incidents.
Investigators are in Mosul to determine whether a U.S.-led coalition strike or Islamic State-rigged explosives caused a huge blast in al-Jadida district on March 17 that destroyed buildings, a U.S. military commander said.
Official figures indicate that at least 61 people were killed in that incident, "but the actual figure may be much higher," Zeid's spokesperson Rupert Colville told a news briefing. A municipal official had said on Saturday that 240 bodies had been pulled from the rubble.
On March 22, an air strike hit a residential building in Rajm Hadid neighbourhood. "ISIL reportedly filled the house with people from the surrounding neighbourhood including children and then used the house to launch rocket-propelled grenades against the Iraqi security forces," they said, quoting survivors.
"In terms of the air strikes that have caused casualties... that is also complicated by the fact that ISIL reportedly actually placed explosive devices in these same buildings which they had herded civilians into. So that will of course have compounded the devastation," Colville said.
It is "essentially the coalition and the Iraqi forces really try hard to minimise the impact on the civilians", they said.
"Clearly not easy. We're not saying it is," Colville said. "But they do have obligations under international humanitarian law."
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Tom Miles and Janet Lawrence)
BRASILIA Brazil's lower house of Congress voted on Tuesday to give cities greater power to regulate ride-hailing app Uber and other transportation apps, paving the way for local governments to charge taxes, require insurance and pension benefits for drivers.
In a symbolic vote, a majority of lawmakers approved the main text of the bill and voted on specific items that still need to be cleared in the Senate. One of the approved amendments would require cities to authorize Uber services.
That amendment, which makes ride-hailing services a public interest activity, could interrupt Uber services in cities that lack regulation, Daniel Coelho, one of the lawmakers in charge of drafting the legislation, told reporters after the vote.
Uber said in a statement that the bill proposes "a backward law that does not seek to regulate Uber, but to turn it into a taxi (operator)."
The company added it expects the debate to continue in the Senate to "ensure that the voice of millions of people in Brazil who wish to have their right of choice is heard."
Although the overall impact is not immediately clear, the legislation could increase the cost of the ride-hailing app in Latin America's biggest consumer market.
Brazilian taxi unions and many politicians have accused Uber of unfair competition, triggering protests by taxi drivers in some cities and even attacks against Uber drivers.
Adding to Uber's woes in Brazil, Spanish rival Cabify earlier on Tuesday announced an investment of $200 million to bolster its participation in South America's largest country.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
TORONTO, April 13 ONTARIO FINANCE MINISTER SOUSA SAYS PROVINCE'S BUDGET WILL TAKE PLACE ON APRIL 27 ONTARIO FINANCE MINISTER SAYS PROVINCE'S REAL GDP INCREASED BY 2.7 PCT IN 2016 ONTARIO FINANCE MINISTER SAYS PROVINCE WILL DELIVER ON COMMITMENT TO BALANCE BUDGET THIS YEAR ONTARIO REAL GDP INCREASED 0.5 PCT IN Q4 2016 COMPARED WITH 0.7 PCT IN Q3 ONTARIO FINANCE MINISTER SAYS CONCERNED ABOUT SPECULATORS PLAYING THE HOUSING MARKET, LIMITING SUPPLY ONTARIO FINANCE MINISTER SAYS WILL OUTLINE HOUSING PLANS IN THE COMING DAYS (Reporting by Matt Scuffham)
April 5Komercijalna Banka AD Skopje:
* Says its shareholders approved distribution of dividend of 150 denars per share on its 2016 profit
* The total dividend payout will amount to 341.9 million denars ($5.95 million)
* Ex-dividend date is April 19
Further company coverage: ($1 = 57.4200 Macedonian denari) (Gdynia Newsroom)
ROME Italy's Coast Guard and humanitarian ships rescued 1,350 migrants in 12 separate operations in the Mediterranean on Thursday and one person was found dead.
The migrants were all found in an area some 25 km (16 miles) north of the Libyan coast, They're travelling on a larger boat, five dinghies and 6 smaller vessels, a Coast Guard spokesperson told Reuters.
The body of a dead person was found on one of the dinghies, a statement said.
Search and rescue operations were carried out by the Coast Guard and two boats operated by NGOs Sea Watch and Proactiva Open Arms, it added.
The Coast Guard spokesperson said operations were still being carried out and there were still no details regarding where the migrants would be sent.
Italy has become the main arrival point in Europe for people fleeing persecution and poverty in Africa, most of them crossing the Mediterranean from Libya. Overall, 181,000 migrants reached Italy in 2016, about half of the total who arrived in the European Union by sea.
(Reporting by Giulia Segreti Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
April 5 (Reuters) -
* White House economic adviser Gary Cohn backs wall street split of lending, investment banks - Bloomberg, citing sources
* Cohn said they support a policy that could radically reshape wall street's biggest firms by separating their consumer-lending businesses from their investment banks - Bloomberg Source text - bloom.bg/2p3rqWx
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 30 Dundee Corp:
* Dundee Corporation reports fourth quarter and year end 2016 financial results
* net loss attributable to owners of Dundee Corporation during Q4 of 2016 was $106.9 million or a loss of $1.85 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: U.S. dollar notes are seen in this November 7, 2016 picture illustration. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo
Currency signs of Japanese Yen, Euro and the U.S. dollar are seen on a board outside a currency exchange office at Narita International airport, near Tokyo, Japan, March 25, 2016. REUTERS/Yuya Shino/File Photo
NEW YORK The dollar fell against the Japanese yen and euro on Monday, as uncertainty about U.S. congressional support for President Donald Trump's choice for Supreme Court justice revived doubts about their ability to fulfil their economic agenda.
"The more you see the lack of achievement on the part of the administration with respect to its campaign goals, the rougher it's going to be for the dollar," said Joe Trevisani, chief market strategist, at WorldWide Markets in Woodcliff, New Jersey.
"If we see the administration not able to advance the Supreme Court nomination, then it means down the road that it is not likely to achieve its goals on trade, on tax reform, and the possible stimulus. That would hurt dollar," they added.
Democrats on Monday amassed enough support to block a U.S. Senate confirmation vote on Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, but Republicans vowed to change Senate rules to ensure the conservative judge gets the lifetime job.
The new administration suffered a major political setback in March after Trump's Republican party withdrew its own healthcare bill after years of promising to repeal former President Barack Obama's signature law. The dollar fell early last week in the aftermath before turning higher.
In afternoon trading, the dollar fell 0.4 percent against the yen to 110.90.
Monday's U.S. construction spending and manufacturing data was positive overall, affirming the economy's steady improvement.
Construction spending grew 0.8 percent to $1.19 trillion, the highest level since April 2006. A measure of U.S. manufacturing activity eased from a 2-1/2-year high in March, although a surge in factory jobs suggested that the sector's energy-led recovery was gaining momentum.
Markets are focused this week on the U.S. non-farm payrolls report due Friday for clues on the likely pace of interest rate rises.
Investors are pricing in more than a 50 percent chance the U.S. Federal Reserve will hike rates at its June meeting, the second of the three increases expected this year.
The euro rose 0.2 percent versus the greenback to $1.0670, after hitting a three-week low as mixed economic data coming out of Europe added to existing worries about political risk in the euro zone.
Despite increasing activity at the fastest rate in nearly six years, euro zone factories struggled to keep up with demand in March, according to a survey that showed them again hiking prices.
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Richard Chang)
File photo: Chairman of the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee Mike Crapo (R-ID) hearing listens to testimony from Federal Reserve Chairman Janet Yellen on the “Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress” on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., February... REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
The chairperson of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee said on Thursday they want to pass a major piece of bank reform legislation by early next year at the latest.
Senator Mike Crapo, a Republican, intends to go beyond rewriting the 2010 Dodd Frank financial reform legislation and craft a bipartisan bill that advances economic growth and capital formation, they told attendees at a Chamber of Commerce event focused on capital markets.
"My hope is ... that is either late this year or early next year. I'm not looking further than that," Crapo said.
Crapo's agenda is being intensely watched on Wall Street, as their committee is widely seen as playing a critical role in crafting any rewrite of Dodd Frank.
That 2010 law was enacted after the financial crisis, and the industry is eager to see if Republicans now in charge of the White House and Congress can significantly relax its requirements. Some of the Dodd Frank provisions that are most contentious prohibit banks from some higher risk investments and require higher capital requirements of the biggest banks.
A bill that attacks Dodd Frank directly is set to be introduced in the House of Representatives soon by Jeb Hensarling, the Texas Republican who chairs the Financial Services Committee. But that bill is seen as a tough Republican approach that may not garner enough support in the Senate to be passed.
Crapo said meaningful reforms would require a bipartisan approach, and they are working closely with Sherrod Brown, the top Democrat on the committee, to find areas of common ground.
They also said they want to go beyond simply revisiting Dodd Frank's provisions and look more broadly at all rules and policies that impact economic growth, an approach they said might encourage Democrats to vote with him. They said they expect Congress to address financial regulatory reform after it finishes work on a tax reform bill.
Crapo did concede that the current political environment is tough for passing controversial legislation in the Senate, and others in their party said they intend to push some of their favored Dodd Frank revisions through a budget process that would not require much Democratic support.
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
DAR ES SALAAM, March 30 Tanzania's shilling looks likely to hold steady next week on increased dollar inflows from mining and the corporate sector, while Ghana's cedi is not expected to extend recent gains as investors await a replacement for the central bank governor.
TANZANIA
The Tanzanian shilling is expected to hold steady against the dollar in the days ahead, helped by increased dollar inflows from mining and corporate sectors.
Commercial banks quoted the shilling at 2,233/2,238 to the dollar on Thursday compared to 2,228/2,238 a week ago.
"There has been an increase of supply of dollars to the market from mining companies plus end-of-month inflows from corporates. But, we don't see the local currency moving one way or the other next week," CRDB Bank trader Moses Kawiche said.
GHANA
Ghana's cedi is also seen flat against the dollar as investors await a replacement for central bank governor Abdul-Nashiru Issahaku who resigned on Wednesday.
After touching record lows of 4.7420 to the dollar early this month, the cedi has regained strength, rallying to 4.3700 by mid-morning on Thursday compared with 4.5600 a week ago. It is down 2.9 percent since January, according to Reuters data.
"...Amidst a rate cut and the Governor's resignation, the cedi's recent gains are likely not to be extended into next week as market participants assimilate both decisions," Dortis Research analyst, Joseph Biggles Amponsah, said.
The central bank on Monday slashed its benchmark interest rate by 200 basis points to 23.5 percent, the biggest cut for more than a decade.
NIGERIA
Nigeria's naira is seen range bound in the coming week after the central bank set the rate for retail customers at close to its official rate for consumers in its bid to lure people away from the black market and achieve currency convergence.
The naira was quoted at 380 to the dollar on the black market on Thursday, stronger than the 400-per-dollar rate it traded at last week, having closed at 306.50 a dollar on the official interbank market on Wednesday, compared with 308 last week.
On Tuesday, the central bank set a new naira rate of 362 per dollar which will bring bureaus' selling price at close to the rate of 360 a dollar for retail customers at commercial banks.
Traders said with the regular injection of dollars into both the official interbank and black markets by the central bank, the naira should remain unchanged in both.
ZAMBIA
The Zambian kwacha could come under pressure next week as importers take advantage of favourable rates to buy hard currency.
At 1033 GMT on Thursday, commercial banks quoted the currency of Africa's No. 2 copper producer at 9.5500 per dollar, the level at which it closed a week ago.
"Hard currency supply is slowly drying up amid relatively high demand," the Zambian unit of Atlas Mara, BancABC, said in a note.
KENYA
The Kenyan shilling could weaken due to a pick-up in demand from oil importers and manufacturers buying dollars to make end-of-month obligations, traders said.
By 1127 GMT, commercial banks quoted the shilling at 102.95/103.05 per dollar, the same as last Thursday's close.
"We expect pressure to be short lived after end-month obligations are settled," one trader at a commercial bank, referring to demand from importers, said.
UGANDA
The Ugandan shilling is seen weakening in the days ahead on the back of a rebound in appetite for hard currency from firms in the manufacturing, energy sectors and commercial banks looking to cover short positions.
At 0930 GMT commercial banks quoted the shilling at 3,605/3,615, weaker than last Thursday's close of 3,590/3,600.
"We're seeing a recovery in demand (for dollars) from especially manufacturing and fuel importers," one trader said.
They said commercial banks were also starting to beef up positions after the shilling weakened past the psychologically important level of 3,600 this week. (Reporting by Fumbuka Ng'wanakilala, Kwasi Kpodo, Oludare Mayowa, Chris Mfula, John Ndiso and Elias Biryabarema; Compiled by Olwethu Boso; Editing by Louise Ireland)
(Adds core inflation)
CAIRO, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Egypt's inflation in November fell to a 2017 low a year after the country floated its pound currency as part of a $12 billion International Monetary Fund deal to boost the economy.
Inflation has shot up since the pound's flotation last November, reaching a record high in July on the back of energy subsidy cuts, but has gradually eased since.
Annual urban consumer price inflation eased to 26 percent in November from 30.8 percent the previous month, official data showed on Sunday.
Core inflation, which strips out volatile items such as food, fell to 25.53 percent from 30.53 percent.
The central bank has raised key interest rates by 700 basis points since the pound float, but economists see it cutting them in its monetary policy meeting later this month amid a continuing easing of post-float inflationary pressure.
Egypt's finance minister said on Sunday that they expected inflation to reach 20 percent by January and 13-14 percent by August. (Reporting by Arwa Gaballa; editing by Jason Neely)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The controversial World Cup in Qatar has been plunged into major doubt over "political risks".
FIFA handed the 2022 tournament to the Arab country in 2010 ahead of fellow contender Australia, sparking uproar over alleged corruption, The Sun reports.
But according to the BBC, a report suggests "Western diplomats have privately stated they do not know whether or not the tournament will take place as planned".
That is because there have been allegations of corruption during the bidding process and the building of the state-of-the-art stadiums.
Advertisement
Not only that, Qatar are currently in a political fallout with neighbouring countries with increasing risk that they will fail to secure contracts over infrastructure.
They have a £153 billion ($257 billion) infrastructure program that is deemed a "high-risk project".
If Qatar were forced to pull out of hosting it could open the door for Australia, who lost out to the Gulf State in the 2022 bid.
Thousands of workers are building the stadiums with basic health and safety and have been subjected to life-threatening heat.
According to Human Rights Watch, hundreds of migrant workers have died in the process of trying to get the country prepared for the tournament.
But Qatar has remained bullish in their own statement by claiming the report is "laughable".
They said: "The intention to create doubt regarding the tournament, while attempting to cause resentment among Qatari citizens and anxiety among foreign businesses and residents, is as transparent as it is laughable.
"Despite the ambitious title of this report, there is absolutely no risk to the future of the first World Cup in the Middle East."
April 6 Zhong Ao Home Group Ltd
* Parties have mutually agreed to terminate Hangzhou Yidao cooperation agreement with effect from 5 april 2017
* Up to date of announcement, no equity interest in Hangzhou Yidao has been transferred to Hangzhou O2o team
* Refers to cooperation agreement entered into by Hangzhou Yidao, Zhong Ao Property and Luo Tao Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Facebook Ad Tool Was Exploited by Russian Operatives
Russians meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential race used a Facebook advertising tool to send targeted messages to social media users based off their browsing histories, according to a new report.
The Washington Post reported Monday that Russian operatives exploited Facebook's "Custom Audiences" feature in order to specifically target account holders assumed to be susceptible to propaganda, citing multiple sources familiar with the U.S. government's investigation into Russia's alleged election meddling.
Used in tandem with "fake news" websites created by Russians, the Custom Audiences feature allowed foreign operatives to feed deliberately false and misleading articles to specific Facebook users in the run-up to President Trump's election last November, according to the article.
Russian actors first created English-language sites and Facebook pages boasting content involving hot-button topics such as illegal immigration, African-American activism and Islam, then used the Custom Audiences feature to display targeted ads to social media users who visited those sites, the report said.
Internet users who browsed the misleading news sites were tracked with "cookies" that were then fed into the Facebook tool and used to connect visitors to their respective Facebook accounts, according to the report.
"The Facebook users were then shown ads featuring divisive topics that the Russians wanted to promote in their Facebook news feeds, which displayed the ads alongside messages from friends and family members," the report said.
Russians used separate Facebook tools to target users by demographics, geography, gender and interests, the report said, but the Custom Audiences feature differed in that it allowed the operatives to single-out specific users, The Post reported.
"About 1 percent of the ads used a specific type of Custom Audiences targeting to reach people on Facebook who had visited that advertiser's website or liked the advertiser's Page -- as well as to reach people who are similar to those audiences," Facebook said Tuesday. "None of the ads used another type of Custom Audiences targeting based on personal information such as email addresses."
Russian President Vladimir Putin authorized state-sponsored operatives to interfere in last year's White House race in hopes of electing Mr. Trump over Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, according to U.S. intelligence officials.
While initial reports about the operation focused heavily on Russia's alleged use of government hackers and propagandists to influence the race in Mr. Trump's favor, information regarding Moscow's supposed weaponization of social media has recently come to light suggesting the Kremlin campaign exploited services offered by Facebook, Google and Twitter.
Representatives from each of the three tech titans have since been invited to testify before the House and Senate Intelligence Committees investigating last year's election.
Facebook announced earlier this week that it's given congressional investigators more than 3,000 ads allegedly purchased by Russian operatives during last year's race. Those ads were viewed by about 10 million users before and after Mr. Trump's election, Facebook said.
Russia has denied interfering in last year's presidential race.
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Hong Kong stocks fall as rates rise, Shanghai slips on nagging China slowdown fears
SHANGHAI, June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. rate hike overnight, while shares in China slid on persistent fears that economic growth will soon start to cool.
May 3 Britain's Mitie said on Wednesday it expected to writedown 40 million to 50 million pounds ($52 million to $64 million) and might restate its accounts for the year to March 2016 after an accounting review.
The provider of pest control, property cleaning and security services said its auditor KMPG had found the way it booked work-in-progress and recorded costs relating to contracts was less conservative than others in the market.
Mitie said it would also begin talks with its lenders to change its banking arrangement as it expected to have only limited headroom as of March 31 under its current contract.
The company undertook a review of its books after a difficult year, where uncertainty following the Brexit vote compounded pressure on the firm that has faced higher costs. It issued three profit warnings and overhauled its management. ($1 = 0.7754 pounds) (Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Edmund Blair)
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg hold a joint news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst - RTX35B9M
WASHINGTON After less than three months in office, President Donald Trump has abruptly shifted their stance on an array of foreign policy issues from the U.S. relationship with Russia and China to the value of the NATO alliance.
Trump, who ran for the White House on a pledge to shake up the status quo in Washington, repeatedly lashed out at China during the campaign, accusing Beijing of being a "grand champion" of currency manipulation.
Candidate Trump also dismissed the NATO military alliance as obsolete and said they hoped to build warmer ties with Russia.
But at a White House news conference and in a newspaper interview on Wednesday, they offered starkly different views on those issues, saying their relationship with Moscow was souring while ties with Beijing were improving. They also lavished praise on NATO, saying it was adapting to changing global threats.
"I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete," Trump said as they stood at a news conference alongside NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in the White House East Room on Wednesday.
The reversals on Russia and NATO could reassure U.S. allies in Europe who were rattled by Trump's overtures toward Moscow during the campaign. But the president's talk of "bonding" with Chinese President Xi Jinping could sow confusion in Asia, where U.S. allies are fearful of a rising China.
Trump's apparent shifts toward a more conventional foreign policy came amid infighting within their administration that has lately seen a decline in the influence of political operatives, mainly their chief strategist, Steve Bannon.
Six months ago, candidate Trump suggested they were eager for an alliance with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
"If they say great things about me, I'm going to say great things about him," Trump said last September.
"ALL-TIME LOW"
On Wednesday, however, Trump said they had growing concerns about Russia's support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
"We may be at an all-time low in terms of a relationship with Russia," said Trump, who ordered the firing of U.S. cruise missiles at a Syrian airfield last week to punish Assad for suspected use of poison gas in Syria's civil war.
While criticizing Russia on Wednesday, Trump said they and Xi had bonded during the Chinese president's visit to the Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, where they dined together with their wives and held talks.
Ahead of that visit, Trump had predicted "difficult" discussions on trade.
The improving ties with Beijing were underscored when Trump told the Wall Street Journal in an interview on Wednesday that they would not declare China a currency manipulator as they had pledged to do on their first day in office.
Trump, a former real estate developer, took office in January as a government novice whose foreign policy mantra during was a vow to keep America safe and build up the U.S. military.
Christine Wormuth, former undersecretary of defence in the Obama administration, said Trump had a “steep learning curve” on foreign policy when they came into office but that it was beginning to even out.
“He's starting to have a more nuanced and deeper understanding of a lot of issues,” said Wormuth, now a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
The evolving Trump foreign policy appears to reflect less of the influence of their campaign team and more the views of Defense Secretary James Mattis, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, all of whom are deeply sceptical of Russia.
Trump' former national security adviser, retired General Michael Flynn, was forced to resign on Feb. 13 for contacts with Russia's ambassador to the United States before Trump took office.
The new tone on foreign policy comes as Trump has been trying to settle the palace intrigue inside the White House, where Bannon, former chief of the conservative Breitbart News organization, has been at odds with the more mainstream Jared Kushner, the senior White House adviser who is Trump's son-in-law.
In an interview with the New York Post on Tuesday, Trump offered only lukewarm support for Bannon.
“I like Steve, but you have to remember they were not involved in my campaign until very late,” Trump said.
(Editing by Caren Bohan and Yara Bayoumy)
Cast ballots are seen at a polling station during the first round of 2017 French presidential election at a polling station in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS The final abstention rate in the first round of the French presidential election is likely to be around 20 percent, broadly in line with that of five years ago, according to two surveys published on Sunday.
A survey from Harris Interactive estimated the final abstention rate at 21.5 percent, while one from Ifop-Fiducial for Paris Match and CNews put the abstention rate at 19 percent.
The abstention rate was 20.52 percent in 2012, according to interior ministry figures.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Michel Rose)
Morning News Call - India, June 15
To access the newsletter, click on the link: http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06152017.pdf If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/ FACTORS TO WATCH 9:30 am: AU Small Finance Bank Managing Director Sanjay Agarwal, NABARD Chairman HK Bhanwala to inaugurate bank's corporate office in Mumbai. 11:45 am: Steel Minister Chaudhary Birender Sing
Containers are seen unloaded from the Maersk's Triple-E giant container ship Maersk Majestic, one of the world's largest container ships, at the Yangshan Deep Water Port, part of the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, in Shanghai, China, September 24, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo
BRUSSELS World No. 1 shipping company Maersk Line gained EU antitrust approval on Monday for its acquisition of Hamburg Sud (HSDG) after agreeing to pull the German company out from five consortia on trade routes to address competition concerns.
The bid by Maersk, part of Denmark's A.P. Moller-Maersk (MAERSKb.CO), underscores the wave of mergers in an industry struggling with over-capacity and slowing global trade.
Hamburg Sud will withdraw from the consortia on trade routes connecting northern Europe to central America, the west coast of South America and the Middle East, the European Commission said in a statement, confirming a Reuters story on April 7.
The German company will also pull out from the trade route groups connecting the Mediterranean to the west coast of South America and the east coast of South America. Such consortia or alliances are vessel-sharing agreements where members decide jointly on capacity-setting, scheduling and ports of call.
"The commitments offered by Maersk Line and HSDG will maintain a healthy level of competition to the benefit of the very many EU companies that depend on these container shipping services," European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Alastair Macdonald)
FILE PHOTO: People look at a statue of a girl facing the Wall St. Bull, as part of a campaign by U.S. fund manager State Street to push companies to put women on their boards, in the financial district in New York, U.S., March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The 'Fearless Girl' statue which stands in front of Wall Street's charging bull statue is seen in New York, U.S., March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A statue of a girl facing the Wall St. Bull is seen, as part of a campaign by U.S. fund manager State Street to push companies to put women on their boards, in the financial district in New York, U.S., March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK The sculptor of Wall Street's "Charging Bull" statue is seeing red over New York City's decision to keep in place the "Fearless Girl" sculpture that now stares it down, saying the adjacent art has changed the meaning of their work and violated their legal rights.
The city's ruling to let the bronze depiction of a defiant girl remain until February 2018 just feet from the bull's flaring nostrils should be reviewed, said a lawyer for sculptor Arturo Di Modica.
"How did the process happen and should permits be revoked?" the attorney, Norman Siegel, said in an interview on Wednesday, adding that their client ought to have been consulted.
"He should have been asked, never was," Siegel said. "There are copyright and trademark infringement issues."
Di Modica told a news conference they envisioned their statue as a positive symbol, but that the addition of the courageous girl turned their bull into a villain.
"It's really bad," Di Modica said, sounding distraught and adding that the bull was loved by people "all over the world."
The 50-inch (127-cm) girl stands fists on hips on a cobble stone plaza, eye-balling the 11-foot (3.4-meter) bull that has occupied the space in Manhattan's financial district for nearly three decades.
Siegel said they want the girl sculpture moved and for Di Modica to be awarded damages for the violation of their legal, statutory rights.
Mayor Bill de Blasio tweeted in response: "Men who don't like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl."
'COMMERCIAL PURPOSES'
Initially installed to mark International Women's Day on March 8, the girl statue was meant to be removed on April 2. But the city extended its stay amid ebullient interest on social media, generous press attention and at least two petitions.
State Street Global Advisors, a subsidiary of State Street Corp (STT.N), said it financed the installation by artist Kristen Visbal to highlight the need for more women on corporate boards. Twenty-five percent of the largest 3,000 U.S. companies have no female directors, State Street noted at the time.
Siegel said the intent was less high-minded, adding, "They did it for commercial purposes."
A plaque originally placed at the girl's feet read: ''Know the power of women in leadership. They make a difference.'' It refers to an exchange-traded fund dubbed "SHE," which invests in companies with women in top executive posts.
"They have since taken the plaque away," Siegel said. "Which acknowledges perhaps it never should have been there in the first place."
Siegel said they have filed Freedom of Information requests about the permitting process with various city offices. They said they hope to avoid going to court and would rather negotiate.
The 7,100-pound (3,200 kg) bull itself originally appeared as guerrilla art, installed unofficially in front of the New York Stock Exchange by Di Modica in 1989 and intended to convey the fighting spirit of the United States and of New York.
After police seized the sculpture, public outcry led the city's parks department to reinstall it days later nearby at its current location.
Kate Harding, assistant director of Cornell University Women's Resource Center, said the bull's "hypermasculine, aggressive image" belongs to a different era of New York.
They said images of "Fearless Girl" did not go viral online because people wanted to promote an investment company, "but because they represent a refreshing, inclusive, 21st-century vision of core American values like courage and righteous defiance."
(Reporting by Barbara Goldberg and Gina Cherelus; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Frances Kerry)
* Rand weakness to lift debt and imported input costs
* S&P, Fitch downgraded S. Africa credit last week
* Zuma cabinet reshuffle triggered ratings cuts
By Tanisha Heiberg
JOHANNESBURG, April 12 South Africa's drought-stricken farmers could come under extra pressure after the currency weakened in the fallout from a credit ratings downgrade to junk status that could also push up food prices, industry experts said.
Ratings agencies S&P and Fitch downgraded South African debt to sub-investment grade while Moody's placed its sovereign credit rating on review, citing President Jacob Zuma's decision to fire finance minister Pravin Gordhan as one reason.
The price of July contract white maize rose to 2,008 rand on Wednesday, from 1,700 on March 27 when Zuma recalled Gordhan from an investor roadshow before firing him. The rand has dropped more than 10 percent since then.
Rand weakness will also squeeze farmers who have borrowed following the 2015 drought, the region's worst on record. Farmers' debts looked to have risen more than 10 percent to 160 billion rand ($12 billion) yearly in 2016, experts say.
"We have already seen a response to the weaker exchange rate with prices ticking up," FNB senior agricultural economist, Paul Makube, said. "If the exchange rate blows out on us then definitely there will be a further increase in prices."
The rand is forecast to further depreciate to 14 to the dollar by March next year according to Reuters data, compared with 13.6 on Wednesday.
Grain prices usually increase by 0.5 percent for every percentage point drop against the dollar, the head of economic and agricultural intelligence, Sihlobo said.
"Whatever increase you see on the grain prices, half of that gets to be transferred to staple foods like maize meal and samp," said Sihlobo. Samp is dried corn kernels, a staple in South Africa where more than 20 percent of the population lives below the food poverty line.
However this year's bumper maize crop, up 84 percent from last year, could cushions price increases.
"Food inflation will continue to come down over the next few months but this could change by early next year," said Sihlobo.
Input costs such as fertilisers and agro-chemicals, which are highly exposed to the exchange rate and make up 60 percent of grain production costs, will also rise after the downgrade, denting farmers' profit margins further.
"The downgrading is like a slow death, you are not going to see it immediately but over time it kills you and makes you weaker and less competitive," industry group Grain SA chief executive, Jannie de Villiers, said. (Editing by James Macharia and Louise Ireland)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
March 30 Lloyd's Of London Ltd
* Lloyd's of london chairperson john nelson says ~brussels eu subsidiary will employ "tens" of people, likely mixture of existing staff and new hires
* Lloyd's of london chairperson john nelson says ~ brussels subsidiary will have its own board, to employ staff in information technology, compliance
* Lloyd's of london chairperson john nelson says ~ brussels chosen because of strong regulation, access to skilled staff, at heart of european union
* Lloyd's of london chairperson john nelson says ~ too early to say if other insurers will follow lloyd's to brussels but other lloyd's hubs have created own eco-system
* Lloyd's of london chairperson john nelson says ~ eu subsidiary could offer opportunity to increase business in europe
* Lloyd's of london chairperson john nelson says ~ eu subsidiary will follow reinsurance model similar to other lloyd's hubs, such as china Further company coverage: (Reporting By Carolyn Cohn)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
A sign of Le Holdings Co Ltd is seen at CES (Consumer Electronics Show) Asia 2016 in Shanghai, China, May 12, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song
China's Le Holdings Co Ltd 300104.SZ, also known as LeEco, abandoned its proposed $2 billion (1.61 billion pounds) acquisition of U.S. consumer electronics company Vizio Inc (VZIO.O) on Monday, citing "regulatory headwinds."
LeEco and Vizio, however, have struck a new collaboration agreement that includes bringing Vizio products to the Chinese market, according to a brief emailed statement from the Chinese company.
The statement did not elaborate on the regulatory hurdles that prevented the deal from going ahead.
The deal to buy Irvine, California-based Vizio was announced in July.
(Reporting by Ismail Shakil in Bengaluru and Cate Cadell; Editing by Sandra Maler)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Arsenal twice came from behind to draw 2-2 with Manchester City at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday, with under-pressure coach Arsene Wenger praising their side's mental toughness as they avoided another collapse.
Arsenal headed into the game having beaten just Hull City and lower league sides Sutton United and Lincoln City since the end of January, against a backdrop of fan unrest over the side's form and the unresolved issue of Wenger's future.
The players' character has been questioned in recent weeks, notably after one-sided defeats by Bayern Munich, and their nerves were evident early on as Leroy Sané capitalised on Arsenal's disorganised defensive unit to fire City ahead in the fifth minute.
"We started very nervously," Wenger acknowledged to Sky Sports. "We had a refusal to lose the game, we were ready for a fight.
"The test was mental. We had to come back after halftime and we got a point after a time that has been so stressful for us," they added. "It was a strong performance on the mental front.
"Technically we can do better."
Despite Wenger's praise, there were familiar signs of petulance and uncertainty from Arsenal's players, with goalscorer Walcott trudging off unhappily after being substituted, and Mesut Ozil guilty of pulling out of a 50-50 challenge with Willy Caballero when through on goal.
Like Wenger, Danny Welbeck praised their teammates' character in fighting back, but conceded that there was room for improvement as Arsenal look to salvage a testing campaign.
"We showed character but we have to look at how we conceded goals today," the forward added. "At this point of the season we know it is not good enough. We want to be further up the league and we have dropped two more points.
"Both teams want possession and have lots of attacking players, it was a good game for the neutrals. We wanted three points."
Arsenal equalised through Theo Walcott, before Shkodran Mustafi's second-half header cancelled out Sergio Aguero's strike, but the point leaves the Londoners in sixth on 51 points, seven behind City who currently occupy the final Champions League qualifying berth.
(Reporting by Ed Dove; editing by Clare Lovell)
April 13 Groothandelsgebouwen NV:
* Q1 rental income 3.3 million euros ($3.5 million) versus 3.0 million euros year ago
* Occupancy rate at end of March 2017 amounted to 81.9 percent (versus at March 31, 2016: 71.3 percent) against 80.3 percent at December 31, 2016
* Maintains outlook on a growth in rental income and growth in occupancy rate for 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9409 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
SE Asia Stocks-Indonesia hits record closing high; Vietnam scales 9-yr peak
By Nicole Pinto June 14 Indonesian shares hit a record closing high on Wednesday, with most markets in the region rising ahead of a likely rate increase by the U.S. Federal Reserve, with investors awaiting more clarity on its future stance. Indonesia surged 1.5 percent, buoyed by financials, while Vietnam hit a nine-year closing high. Economists polled by Reuters overwhelmingly see the Fed raising its benchmark rate to a target range of 1.00 percent to 1.25 percent,
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 Mattel Inc, the world's biggest toymaker, reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales on Thursday, hurt by weak demand for key brands Barbie and Fisher-Price and due to big discounts to move inventory left after weak holiday sales.
Mattel's shares tumbled nearly 7 percent to $23.50 in trading after the bell on Thursday.
The company's first-quarter sales dropped 15.4 percent to $735.6 million, their steepest fall since 2009, and well short of analysts' average estimate of $801.4 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"Our Q1 results were below our expectations due to the retail inventory overhang coming out of the holiday period," Margo Georgiadis, who took over as chief executive in February, said in a statement. (bit.ly/2o8O6c8)
Mattel' net loss widened to $113.2 million, or 33 cents per share, in the quarter ended March 31, from $73 million, or 21 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, it lost 32 cents per share.
The company said sales in its girls and boys brands division, which houses Barbie, dropped 16 percent. The division accounted for about 60 percent of total sales.
Barbie sales declined 13 percent, falling for the second straight quarter. Barbie sales had risen for the first three quarters of last year, helped by new marketing efforts and the launch of dolls in a variety of skin tones and body shapes.
Mattel said Fisher-Price sales dropped 9 percent in the latest quarter.
However, Georgiadis said the company had "worked through the majority of" the inventory overhang and also noted sustained momentum in high-growth markets such as China.
Mattel has been trying to boost its presence in China's fragmented yet lucrative toy market.
The company has signed deals with Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and online content developer BabyTree to sell interactive learning products based on its Fisher-Price toys. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
FILE PHOTO: Tesla Chief Executive, Elon Musk enters the lobby of Trump Tower in Manhattan, New York, U.S., January 6, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo
Tesla Inc founder and Chief Executive Elon Musk has launched a company called Neuralink Corp through which computers could merge with human brains, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
Neuralink is pursuing what Musk calls the "neural lace" technology, implanting tiny brain electrodes that may one day upload and download thoughts, the Journal reported.
Musk has not made an official announcement, but Neuralink was registered in California as a "medical research" company last July, and they plan on funding the company mostly by himself, a person briefed on the plans told the Journal.
It is unclear what sorts of products Neuralink might create, but people who have had discussions with the company describe a strategy similar to space launch company SpaceX and Tesla, the Journal report said.
In recent weeks, Neuralink has also hired leading academics in the field, the Journal reported.
(Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
April 12 Centerra Gold Inc
* Centerra Gold reports casualty at the kumtor mine
* Centerra Gold Inc says on April 11, 2017, individual, a vehicle mechanic, was fatally injured while inspecting a light vehicle pickup truck in field
* Centerra Gold - an internal investigation regarding accident has commenced and Kumtor management is working with Kyrgyz regulatory authorities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
* TSX up 37.26 points, or 0.24 percent, to 15,680.25
* Six of the TSX's 10 main groups gain
TORONTO, April 6 Canada's main stock index rose on Thursday, bolstered by a rise in energy and financial stocks, but a dip in resource shares offset some of the gains.
The most influential movers on the index included Canada's largest bank, Royal Bank of Canada, which rose 0.6 percent to C$97.62, and Bank of Nova Scotia, which advanced 0.8 percent to C$78.74. Toronto-Dominion Bank was also a top mover, and was up 0.5 percent to C$66.6.
The overall financials group, which makes up just over a third of the index's weight, gained 0.3 percent.
Energy companies were also higher, climbing 0.8 percent. TransCanada Corp, which won U.S. approval for the construction of the Keystone XL crude oil pipeline last month, rose 0.9 percent to C$62.64. Suncor Energy was up 0.7 percent to C$41.73.
At 10:44 a.m. ET (1444 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index added 37.26 points, or 0.24 percent, to 15,680.25. Of the index's 10 main groups, six advanced.
Offsetting gains was a 0.8-percent fall to C$25.80 by Barrick Gold Corp. The Canadian miner said on Thursday that China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd will pay $960 million for a 50 percent stake in Barrick's Veladero gold mine in Argentina.
Raging River Exploration dropped 5.5 percent to C$9.32 amid a report that it has hired an advisor to explore a possible sale.
The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, lost 0.1 percent.
In corporate earnings news, Corus Entertainment Inc reported a lower-than-expected profit, hurt by higher costs. Shares were down 1.0 percent to C$12.83.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the TSX by 131 to 114, for a 1.15-to-1 ratio on the upside.
The index was posting 5 new 52-week highs and no new lows. (Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
MADRID, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spain's Banco Sabadell said on Friday its fourth-quarter net profit more than doubled from a year earlier due to one-off sales, though lending income remained under pressure because of ultra-low interest rates.
Net profit came in at 147.7 million euros ($184.5 million), slightly below analysts' forecasts of 150 million euros in a Reuters poll.
Sabadell booked profits of 50 million euros related to the sale of HI Partners.
Its full-year net profit of 801.5 million euros was in line with its revised net profit target of 800 million euros but below forecasts of 804 millions.
Like its domestic competitors, the bank is struggling to lift earnings from loans as interest rates hover at historic lows and increasing competition erodes margins.
Sabadell, Spain's fifth largest bank, said its net interest income, or profit from loans minus funding costs, fell 2.35 percent in the fourth quarter to 924.6 million euros, below forecasts of 932 million euros, and was 1.7 percent lower than the previous quarter.
Sabadell was one of the two banks to move registered headquarters out of the northeastern region of Catalonia to seek legal certainty as the region's leaders pressed ahead with a secession campaign in October. ($1 = 0.8565 euros) (Reporting By Jesús Aguado; Editing by Sonya Dowsett and Subhranshu Sahu)
April 28 Sichuan Jiuyuan Yinhai Software Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 10 percent to 40 percent, or to be 30.1 million yuan to 38.4 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (27.4 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of main business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ASJZQ2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Adds background on resolution)
By Sarah N. Lynch and Lisa Lambert
WASHINGTON, March 30 A divided U.S. Senate on Thursday killed a regulation that had exempted city-run retirement savings plans for low-income workers from strict pension protection laws.
Utah Republican Orrin Hatch, the resolution's sponsor, has said they expect the Senate to soon repeal a related rule on state-operated retirement plans.
That resolution may face a tougher time than the one on municipal plans, which barely passed in a 50-49 vote. States are farther along establishing retirement programs for people who do not have workplace savings plans, and Republicans who advocate for states' rights are more skeptical of the resolution.
The House of Representatives has already passed both resolutions.
Thursday's vote marked the 12th time the Republican-controlled Congress has successfully killed an Obama-era regulation through the use of an obscure 1996 law known as the Congressional Review Act.
The law lets Congress repeal a newly minted rule through simple majority votes in the House and Senate, and a signature from the president. A "substantially similar" rule can never be enacted in its place.
The Labor Department rule was finalized after May 2016, putting it into the window of time set by the law when Congress can repeal it. Using the resolutions, Republicans have sent rules spanning a variety of areas to the chopping block in hopes of loosening regulation they say constricts economic growth.
Thursday's resolution and its near-twin for state plans counters the trend by maintaining regulatory requirements.
Toward the end of President Barack Obama's tenure, their Labor Department exempted both state and city-run retirement plans from the 1974 Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA, a law designed to protect workers' savings with detailed compliance requirements.
Private-sector workers whose employers do not offer 401(k) or other retirement benefits, and who often have low incomes, are automatically enrolled in the plans being launched in states such as California, Illinois and Oregon.
States say the ERISA exemption lets employers pass workers' money into plans without footing compliance costs.
They also say Wall Street wants to block the plans because they create competition.
But the Investment Company Institute, a mutual funds trade group, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and others in financial services say the exemptions shortchange workers from important federal pension protections that other workers receive. (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Tom Brown and Bill Rigby)
ADDIS ABABA A deal between Italy and Libya to hold migrants in camps in the north African country ignores "catastrophic conditions" in Libya and would not curb migration, Germany's foreign minister said on Tuesday, contradicting Berlin's previous support for the plan.
"The camps existing on the ground already show horrible and catastrophic conditions. The idea to set up camps ... would be an utter disregard of circumstances for the people," Sigmar Gabriel, who is also Germany's Vice Chancellor, told reporters.
Italy signed a deal with the U.N.-backed Libyan government in Tripoli in February that also promised training, equipment and money to fight human traffickers - an agreement initially endorsed by both the European Union and Germany.
But the move has been criticised by humanitarian groups and the United Nations, which says migrants suffer arbitrary detention, forced labour, rape and torture. Last month, Pope Francis said the holding centres had become "concentration camps".
Libya is controlled by a patchwork of armed groups. They have built local fiefdoms that have vied for power since Libya's 2011 uprising, and a U.N.-backed government in Tripoli is struggling to assert its control, especially over rival factions in the east.
Gabriel, who was speaking in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa after a meeting with African Union officials, said parallels should not be drawn with a deal between the EU and Turkey last year, because Ankara had granted access to its camps to U.N. human rights experts.
"All of that does not apply to Libya. Fortunately I am able to say that this is not a political approach by Germany nor the European Union," they said.
Last year, the EU and Turkey reached a deal to send back irregular migrants from the Greek Aegean islands to Turkey in exchange for political and financial rewards for Ankara.
The agreement largely shut down the migrants' sea route to Greece, turning the boat crossing from Libya to Italy into the most viable option for those seeking to get to Europe.
Gabriel said Germany and the EU now favoured helping weaker states overcome instability when tackling migration from Africa, but added such efforts would take time.
"What we are trying instead is to help stabilise the countries on the continent. But that is difficult," they said.
"We will have to show that staying power, stamina and patience. This is in the interest of the Africans but also in the interest of Europeans."
According to the International Organisation for Migration, 44,229 migrants have reached Europe so far this year, of whom more than four-fifths landed in Italy, and 1,089 have been reported dead or missing in the Mediterranean.
(Reporting by Aaron Maasho; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
U.S. Coast Guard says Charleston terminal to reopen, safety zone lifted after threat
COPENHAGEN, June 15 The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
April 2 Highlights from week six of Super Rugby:
NSW WARATAHS 22 CRUSADERS 41
Centre Tim Bateman scored a brace of tries as the Canterbury Crusaders continued their perfect Super Rugby season with an emphatic 41-22 win over the New South Wales Waratahs in Sydney on Sunday.
The Crusaders also grabbed tries from George Bridge, David Havili, Bryn Hall and Ben Funnell as they punished a leaky Waratahs defence on a breezy day at Sydney Football Stadium for their sixth successive win.
Trailing 19-10 at halftime, the Waratahs fought back to within four points after quick tries to scrumhalf Jake Gordon and replacement winger Taqele Naiyaravoro but crumbled in the final 10 minutes to slump to their fourth loss of the season.
READ MORE
Reds coach slams bench after Hurricanes loss
Late Kriel try gives Lions victory in see-saw battle with Sharks
Chiefs tame Bulls as milestone man Messam celebrates win
Highlanders coach rubs salt into Rebel wounds
Wallabies flyhalf out again as concussion linger
Australian players' union launches petition
ARU, Force reject report of Super Rugby exit
New Zealand Super Rugby conference
Australia Super Rugby conference
Africa 1 Super Rugby Conference
Africa 2 Super Rugby Conference
Super Rugby 2016 at a glance
Super Rugby 2016 fixtures
Super Rugby champions
LIONS 34 SHARKS 29
Flanker Jaco Kriel scored a match-winning try four minutes from time to hand South Africa's Lions a thrilling 34-29 victory over compatriots the Sharks in a see-saw Super Rugby clash at Ellis Park on Saturday.
Last year's beaten finalists secured a ninth home victory in a row as they also scored tries through hooker Malcolm Marx and wing Courtnall Skosan, while flyhalf Elton Jantjies added two conversions and four penalties.
The Sharks will rue poor discipline but bagged tries through prop Coenie Oosthuizen and wing Cobus van Wyk as teenage flyhalf Curwin Bosch shone with the boot with 19 points.
STORMERS 53 CHEETAHS 10
Number eight Sikhumbuzo Notshe grabbed a hat-trick of tries as a rampant Stormers overwhelmed their South African rivals with a bonus-point victory to maintain their 100 percent start to the season.
The home side ran in eight tries for a fifth victory in a row as wing Dillyn Leyds (two), centre Daniel du Plessis, flyhalf Robert du Preez and flank Siya Kolisi also crossed the line.
The Stormers led 22-3 at halftime despite the Cheetahs having more possession, with Leyds key to their clinical attacking play having switched from fullback to wing for the game.
The Cheetahs' only score came from flanker Paul Schoeman and for the Bloemfontein-based side it was a fourth defeat in six games this campaign.
REDS 15 HURRICANES 34
The Hurricanes pulled away from the Queensland Reds with an inspired second-half performance to win their Super Rugby match in Brisbane 34-15 on Saturday and maintain the dominant record of New Zealand sides.
Australia's five Super Rugby teams have not beaten a side from New Zealand this season.
Julian Savea and TJ Perenara scored in the first half for the defending champions. Vince Aso claimed a try after the break while brothers Jordie and Beauden Barrett crossed over late to confirm the bonus-point win for the Hurricanes, who also had three tries ruled out by the television match official.
It was the fifth straight loss for the Reds who scored through Chris Kuridrani and Scott Higginbotham after a yellow card to Hurricanes' Ngani Laumape to trail 14-12 at halftime.
WAIKATO CHIEFS 28 BULLS 12
The Waikato Chiefs fended off a dogged challenge from the Bulls before roaring home in a 28-12 win in Hamilton on Saturday to continue their unbeaten start to the Super Rugby season.
The Chiefs lost co-captain Sam Cane to concussion in the fourth minute and trailed 9-3 at half-time but tries after the break to winger Shaun Stevenson, fullback Damian McKenzie and replacement prop Atunaisa Moli sealed their fifth successive win.
All Blacks flanker Liam Messam celebrated their 150th match for the Chiefs, helping to secure a bonus point by killing off a late raid on the try-line by the Pretoria-based Bulls.
The South Africans battled hard but were kept try-less at Waikato Stadium, with flyhalf Handre Pollard kicking their entire score in penalties.
AUCKLAND BLUES 24 WESTERN FORCE 15
Fullback Michael Collins sprinted nearly half the field for a late try to secure the Blues their third win of the season.
Dragged into an arm-wrestle for much of the match at Eden Park, the Blues' bench dominated the last quarter, with replacement winger Rieko Ioane conjuring a breathtaking team try in the 65th minute.
Their brother Akira and winger Matt Duffie scored the Blues' other tries in a four-minute burst before halftime.
Lock Richie Arnold crossed for the Force in the first half and winger Dane Haylett-Petty grabbed a consolation try in the 78th minute as the Perth side slumped to their fourth loss of the season.
HIGHLANDERS 51 REBELS 12
Centre Malakai Fekitoa scored two tries to lead the Otago Highlanders to a convincing 51-12 win against the winless Melbourne Rebels in Dunedin on Friday.
Centre Richard Buckman, number eight Luke Whitelock, flanker Gareth Evans and replacement hooker Greg Pleasants-Tate also scored in the 2015 champions' bonus-point victory to move to fourth in the New Zealand conference.
Flyhalf Marty Banks made five conversions and three penalties for a haul of 19 points with the boot.
With Australian conference places in doubt for 2018, it was another insipid performance from the Rebels, whose tries came from wing Tom English and centre Reece Hodge. (Compiled by Ian Ransom, and Nick Said; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
(Reuters) - Bill Haas found their long lost putting touch and rode their luck for a two-stroke lead in the opening round at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in Arizona on Thursday.
On a day when Rickie Fowler was heckled by the raucous gallery, and Player of the Year Justin Thomas had a late meltdown, Haas “got lucky” on the greens as they recorded a seven-under-par 64 at TPC Scottsdale.
“The putter was hot the first nine holes,” Haas, a six-times PGA Tour winner, told reporters after a round that included a 30-foot birdie at the second hole, their 11th.
“I kind of hit a bad putt but it hit the back of the cup and went in,” they said.
“So one of those days where I could have easily three-putted that if it had run by, but it went in and saved two shots there basically.”
After starting the season with two missed cuts followed by a tie for 54th, Haas was not getting too carried away by their good start.
“This is only one round,” they said. “I‘m not saying I‘m cured (of recent putting woes) by any means.”
Fowler joined a group of four fellow Americans at five-under 66, with their lone bogey coming at the par-three 16th hole, which is famous for its rowdy fans who eschew usual golf etiquette by routinely booing bad shots.
But Fowler thought they went too far.
“I may be somewhat of a fan favourite, but they weren't holding back,” they said.“I was a little disappointed in some of the stuff that was said and I don't want much negativity -- the normal boos for missing a green, that's fine, but leave the heckling to a minimum and make it fun.”
Thomas also heard from the gallery when they ran up a double-bogey at the 16th, and they also made a mess of the par-four 17th, where they pitched their second shot from 50 yards over the green into a water hazard on their way to a bogey.
“Two birdie holes and to play those three-over today is definitely disappointing, but the fact that I did that and I‘m still more than right there in a great position is definitely a positive note that I can leave today with,” they said after shooting a 68.
Thomas was also upset by the crowd, particularly a scream from a spectator during Jordan Spieth's tee shot at the last.
“That girl just yelled right in Jordan's down swing,” Thomas said. “I was so upset. It doesn't matter who it is, whether it's me or Jordan or anybody else in the field, I mean there's just no place for that.”
Evening Newscast 08-14-17
Parts of Western Montana were breathing a little easier this morning after weekend thunderstorms brought with them cooler temperatures and increased humidity.
U-S Highway 12 west of Lolo has been re-opened on a limited basis after being closed yesterday due to the Lolo Peak Fire.
About 30 coal cars in a Montana Rail Link freight train derailed this weekend along the Clark Fork River in northwestern Montana.
Evacuation warnings for the Liberty Fire burning near Arlee have been lifted as of noon today.
A fast-moving fire north of Three Forks has prompted an evacuation notice.
A leading neo-Nazi website that targeted a Montana woman late last year has been dropped by two website registration companies.
Montana's health care co-op, one of America's few remaining alternatives to traditional health insurance, resumed accepting new enrollees Sunday
MOSCOW, March 29 Croatian government and a pool of creditors of Croatia's heavily indebted foods and retail group Agrokor plan to sign a standstill agreement this week, Yuri Soloviev, first deputy chief executive with Russia's VTB told reporters.
"Standstill will be relatively short at the beginning... a week or a month, not a year... Changes in shareholders structure are possible (following debt restructure)," they said, adding that VTB exposure to Agrokor was at around 300 million euros ($322.7 million).
Soloviev added that pool of creditors was formed and is being chaired by Sberbank, the biggest lender to Agrokor. Creditors expect to work out debt restructure plan and also look at an option of Agrokor selling part of its business to cut debt.
They also said that pool of creditors may provide Agrokor with short-term liquidity. "A local development bank may also provide guarantees to suppliers to continue supplies. Combination of short-term financing... and government support is possible."
($1 = 0.9297 euros) (Reporting by Kira Zavyalova; writing by Katya Golubkova; Editing by Vladimir Soldatkin)
* Juventus won 2-0 at Monaco in semi-final first leg
* Higuain scored a goal in each half
* Dani Alves was involved in both
* Monaco had their chances but came up against a tight defence
* The Champions League semi-final second leg is in Turin on May 9
MONACO, May 3 Juventus striker Gonzalo Higuain scored a goal in each half to give the Italian side a 2-0 win at Monaco in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final on Wednesday.
Right back Dani Alves raced into the box and back-heeled for Argentina striker Higuain to sweep home a clinical finish just before the half-hour mark.
The same two players combined again for the visitors' second goal on 59 minutes, Higuain tapping in from close range from an astute cross by the veteran Brazilian defender.
Monaco, featuring a bunch of gifted young players and who have scored plenty of goals this season, had their chances but kept bumping into the tightest defence in Europe's top club competition with just two goals conceded in this campaign.
Real Madrid crushed city rivals Atletico 3-0 thanks to a Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick in the first leg of the other semi-final at the Bernabeu on Tuesday.
(Writing by Patrick Vignal in Paris)
FILE PHOTO: An American flag flies next to a Volkswagen car dealership in San Diego, California September 23, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
WASHINGTON Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) said on Wednesday it resumed selling diesel cars in the United States last month, and that they accounted for nearly 12 percent of its April sales, a sign consumer demand for such cars had not been dampened by its emissions scandal.
The world's largest automaker by sales was barred by U.S. authorities in September 2015 from selling about 11,000 new 2015 diesel Golf, Beetle and Passat cars after the German automaker admitted to using secret software to exceed emission limits for six years.
VW reached a $4.3 billion settlement with the U.S. Justice Department in January, agreed to spend up to $25 billion to address claims from U.S. owners, environmental regulators, states and dealers, and offered to buy back about 500,000 polluting U.S. vehicles.
In April, a judge in Detroit sentenced VW to three years' probation and independent oversight in a plea agreement.
Volkswagen resumed sales of the new 2015 diesel vehicles in mid-April, spokesperson Jeannine Ginivan said on Wednesday, after the automaker won approval for a fix earlier this year.
Ginivan said that VW sold 3,196 diesel cars in the United States in April. Overall VW brand U.S. sales rose 1.6 percent last month to 27,557, while industrywide U.S. sales fell 4.7 percent in April.
Before the scandal, diesels accounted for about 25 percent of VW brand U.S. sales.
In January, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and California Air Resources Board approved a fix for 67,000 of the 475,000 2015 VW 2.0-liter diesel models known as "Generation Three." EPA and California are expected to approve additional diesel fixes in the coming weeks, three people briefed on the matter said. They requested anonymity because the approval has not been finalized.
VW said in April it bought back nearly 238,000 and repaired 6,200 of the vehicles. VW has not yet begun to resell the repurchased cars.
Last month, VW of America Chief Executive Hinrich Woebcken reiterated at a meeting with reporters that the automaker had no plans to introduce new diesel models in the United States and would instead focus on offering more electric vehicles and new SUVs.
The EPA and California have been scrutinizing other automakers' diesel models after the VW scandal.
Last week, regulators granted Daimler AG approval to begin selling 2017 diesel Sprinter vans after extensive testing and talks, a company spokesperson confirmed on Tuesday.
Daimler has not yet won approval to sell 2017 model Mercedes-Benz diesel vehicles in the United States.
Last week, Daimler said a U.S. investigation into diesel emissions and auxiliary emission control devices could lead to penalties and vehicle recalls. The U.S. Justice Department, EPA and Stuttgart prosecutor in Germany are investigating Mercedes-Benz diesel emissions.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Richard Chang)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* FTSE 100 up 0.1 pct
* Sterling fall supports blue chips
* Mid caps slightly lower
* 3I rises after upgrade
By Kit Rees
LONDON, March 29 A fall in sterling ahead of the formal triggering of the Brexit divorce process helped to keep Britain's index of leading shares on an even keel on Wednesday.
The blue chip FTSE 100 index was flat in percentage terms at 7,349.43 points by 0913 GMT, retreating slightly from a stronger open. The more domestically-focused British mid cap index slipped 0.1 percent.
British Prime Minister Theresa May is set to file formal divorce papers on Wednesday, notifying EU Council President Donald Tusk in a letter that the UK is leaving the bloc it joined in 1973.
While last year's June referendum vote to leave the European Union spurred a sharp sell-off in equities, Britain's FTSE 100 recovered swiftly and is up more than 16 percent from pre-Brexit levels, and has also hit a series of record highs this year.
The FTSE 100's predominantly international, dollar-earning firms have received an accounting-related boost from the weaker pound, which sunk more than 8 percent in the immediate aftermath of the vote and remains down almost 17 percent from pre-Brexit levels.
"It's all about the pound. Any weakness in the pound will see the FTSE 100 push that bit higher," said Dafydd Davies, partner at Charles Hanover Investments.
"The banks are a key sector to be keeping a very keen eye on, and of course also any inward-looking UK-listed companies stand to be particularly volatile in relation to the agreements or any guidance that we do get later on in the day."
Though individual stock moves were relatively muted, shares in 3I Group were the biggest gainers, up 2.7 percent after Morgan Stanley upgraded the private equity firm to "overweight".
"We believe Action could be worth €10bn+ (more than 250p per 3i share). This is not reflected in 3i's share price, so we upgrade to Overweight," analysts at Morgan Stanley said in a note.
EU Antitrust regulators blocked a proposed merger of Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange , saying that the deal would have harmed competition because of the companies' combined market power. Shares in LSE rose 1.8 percent.
Mining firms also provided support, with BHP Billiton and Antofagasta gaining 1.2 percent and 0.8 percent respectively as the price of copper hit its highest level in more than a week.
Gold miners Randgold Resources and Fresnillo were the biggest FTSE fallers as the price of gold slipped.
Outside of the blue chips, AA dropped 4 percent after brokers chewed over Tuesday's full-year results, while shares in Acacia Mining also fell 3.4 percent after JP Morgan downgraded the gold miner to "neutral". (Reporting by Kit Rees; Editing by Keith Weir)
ATHENS, March 31 Greece's sole oil producer Energean Oil & Gas said on Friday that it had entered a farm in agreement with Spain's Repsol for a 60 percent stake in two onshore blocks in western Greece.
Energean Oil holds exploration licences for oil and gas in the two blocks and Repsol plans to carry out seismic research there in the 2017-2019 period. (Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
(changes Turkey to Syria in second para)
ISTANBUL May 3 Turkey will continue to take measures against threats from its southern borders with Syria and Iraq, President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Wednesday.
Erdoğan, who was speaking at a joint news conference with Russian Presisent Vladimir Putin after a meeting in the Black Sea city of Sochi, said they believed Putin would play a major role in establishing a ceasefire in Turkey.
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
April 12 Hedge fund Greenlight Capital said on Wednesday that it had nominated three independent candidates to the board of General Motors Co.
Greenlight, run by billionaire investor David Einhorn, wants GM's management to split its common stock into two classes: one that would receive the current dividends and one that would participate in all earnings and future growth of the company.
Greenlight, in a preliminary proxy with the Securities and Exchange Commission, said its nominees were Leo Hindery Jr, managing partner of private equity firm InterMedia Partners, Vinit Sethi, director of research at Greenlight, and William Thorndike Jr, founder of private equity investment firm Housatonic Partners.
GM's shares were up 0.3 percent at $34.01 in premarket trading. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
May 3 Magnachip Semiconductor Corp:
* Magnachip reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 gaap earnings per share $1.05
* Q1 revenue rose 9.2 percent to $161.7 million
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue $162 million to $168 million
* Magnachip Semiconductor Corp - believes it remains on track to complete planned workforce reduction within its cash cost range of $29-33 million
* Magnachip Semiconductor Corp - "continue to anticipate that our gross profit margin and adjusted EBITDA will show improvement in 2017"
* Magnachip Semiconductor Corp sees Q2 gross profit is anticipated to be in range of 25% to 27% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
March 30 Naked Brand Group Inc
* Naked Brand Group Inc - on March 30, co and Maxim Group Llc entered into amendment no. 1 to at the market offering agreement
* Naked Brand Group - amendment, among other things, increases number of shares that may be sold in atm offering to aggregate of $5.5 million - SEC filing Source: (bit.ly/2okTQMr) Further company coverage:
April 20 LHC Group Inc:
* LHC Group Inc - on April 17, 2017 George Lewis, a member of our board of directors informed they will retire
* LHC Group Inc - as a result of Lewis' resignation, directors have determined to reduce size of board from eleven to ten members - sec filing Source text - bit.ly/2pIivuX Further company coverage:
April 12 Hainan Yedao Group Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net loss at 30 million yuan to 40 million yuan in FY 2016 versus net profit at 13.1 million yuan in FY 2015
* Says increased advertising investment as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/vwMYdG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
CARACAS, March 30 Venezuela's Supreme Court said it would take over the opposition-led Congress's role because the legislature is in "contempt," sparking accusations that President Nicolas Maduro's administration is becoming a dictatorship.
While the pro-Maduro court has annulled many of the National Assembly's decisions since the opposition won a majority in late 2015, it had not directly taken over functions.
Late on Wednesday, however, it authorized Maduro to create oil joint ventures without congressional approval.
"We warn that as long as the situation of contempt in the National Assembly continues, this constitutional chamber guarantees that congressional functions will be exercised by this chamber or another chosen organ," the court said in a ruling.
The dispute centers on three lawmakers banned over vote fraud accusations, which Maduro critics say is an excuse for the government to muzzle opposition during a mounting economic crisis in the oil-rich country.
The Democratic Unity umbrella opposition organization slammed the Supreme Court's decision on Thursday, with several lawmakers accusing Maduro of acting like a dictator.
"This unconstitutional sentence that we reject ... cements another step in the dismantling of Venezuela's democracy," the opposition said in a statement.
"This government is dying, and that's why it's turning to these desperate measures."
However, the measure may come as good news for some foreign oil companies in Venezuela that were spooked by the opposition's warning that investment deals bypassing Congress would not be considered valid.
As Venezuela tries to raise funds while facing steep bond payments and a reeling economy, it has sought to sell stakes in oil fields.
State oil company PDVSA recently offered Russian oil major Rosneft a stake in the Petropiar oil joint venture, sources with knowledge of the proposal told Reuters this month. (Reporting by Corina Pons; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Andrew Cawthorne and Lisa Von Ahn)
ZURICH ChemChina's [CNCC.UL] $43 billion planned takeover of Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta (SYNN.S) has received approval from China's Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM), the two companies said on Wednesday.
"This represents a further step towards the closing of the transaction, which is expected to take place in the second quarter of 2017," they said in a statement.
China's approval comes without any conditions, Syngenta said in an email.
The deal still requires regulatory approval from India after
U.S. and European Union competition authorities gave conditional approval last week and Mexico's anti-trust commission did so this week.
The agreed offer is for $465 per share. Syngenta shares were up 3 percent at 464.20 Swiss francs ($461.06) by 1222 GMT n Wednesday.
The deal is one of several reshaping the agricultural chemicals and seeds market, even as such tie-ups prompt fears among some farmers that bigger, more powerful suppliers could push up prices and economize on developing new herbicides and pesticides.
($1 = 1.0068 Swiss francs)
(Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi; editing by Michael Shields and Jason Neely)
May 2 Abivax Sa
* First ever evidence of treatment-induced reduction in HIV reservoirs: ABX464, Abivax' lead drug candidate, impacted hiv blood reservoir in a phase IIa clinical trial (ABX464-004)
* Preliminary clinical trial results support ABX464's potential to become a key functional cure element for HIV
* Additional phase IIa trial already ongoing to study ABX464 effects on HIV reservoir in gut tissue
* Abivax highly committed to further development for potential benefit to HIV patients
* Data strengthens potential of Abivax' antiviral discovery platform
* ABX464 demonstrated first reduction in HIV reservoirs ever observed in chronically infected HIV patients as measured by total HIV DNA detected in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCS). Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom:)
Bankers in Denver are feeling a Rocky Mountain high.
The city is booming due to its rising population, revitalized downtown and diverse economy. Bank acquirers are taking notice, and Denver could eventually join a growing list of cities attracting de novo interest even though more than 20 banks are already based there.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
Britain Soccer Football - Aston Villa v Reading - Sky Bet Championship - Villa Park - 15/4/17 Lewis Grabban scores the third goal for Reading Mandatory Credit: Action Images / Matthew Childs Livepic EDITORIAL USE ONLY. No use with unauthorized audio, video, data, fixture lists, club/league logos or 'live' services. Online in-match use limited to 45 images, no video emulation. No use in betting, games or single club/league/player publications. Please contact your account representative for further details.
LONDON Joseph Mendes scored a brace as promotion hopefuls Reading registered a crucial 3-1 victory at home to Aston Villa to move back to fourth in the Championship on Saturday and maintain their pursuit of a playoff position.
Mendes got Reading off to a perfect start with a sixth minute strike but Villa, winners of seven of their previous nine games, restored parity when captain James Chester headed home eight minutes later.
Mendes, though, added their second straight after the break, sweeping home a cross, before Lewis Grabban, provider of the second, converted a penalty in the 79th minute.
With four games to go in England's second-tier league, Reading now have 76 points, one less than Huddersfield Town, who have also played one game fewer.
Reading, though, are three points ahead of Leeds United and four clear of Sheffield Wednesday, the Yorkshire clubs who fill the other two playoff berths.
(Reporting By Tom Hayward; Editing by Ian Chadband)
A man walks past a branch of Spain's Banco Popular in Madrid, Spain, May 26, 2016. REUTERS/Andrea Comas/File Photo
MADRID The new head of Spain's Banco Popular (POP.MC), Emilio Saracho, is in talks to sell the lender's property portfolio and also a stake to Libra Group, online newspaper El Confidencial reported on Tuesday.
The talks with the Greek conglomerate, which has its origins in shipping, are at an advanced stage, the paper said, citing unidentified sources close to the bank. bit.ly/2osPbY2
Libra could invest at least between 350 million and 400 million euros ($380-435 million) in cash, it said.
Banco Popular declined to comment while a Libra Group spokesperson said the company wouldn't comment on market rumors.
Popular, considered a weak link in Spanish banking due to its high exposure to troubled real estate assets, posted a record 3.5 billion euro loss in 2016 while soured property loans eroded the bank's capital position.
($1 = 0.9200 euros)
(Reporting by Paul Day; Editing by Vyas Mohan and Mark Potter)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
* Strong euro zone economy keeps markets calm
* Portugal's 10-year bond yield at lowest since early Jan
* Fischer comments reassure investors on U.S. direction
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Writes through)
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, March 29 High-rated government bond yields edged lower but the moves were fairly contained as optimism about the state of the euro zone economy calmed market nerves on that day Britain triggered formal divorce proceedings from the European Union.
In a sea change from fears that gripped the region on the day after last June's Brexit vote, high-rated euro zone government bond yields rose briefly in early trade but some end-of-month buying pushed them back down as the session wore on.
"Today is a big day for the history books but it seems the market is not bothered too much by the triggering of Article 50," said Commerzbank strategist David Schnautz.
Germany's 10-year government bond yields edged a touch lower to 0.37 percent on the day and most other high-rated bonds were flat to 1 basis point lower.
The yield on Portugal's 10-year government bond yields, which normally rises in uncertain times, fell to its lowest level since early January at 3.72 percent, down 4 basis points on the day.
Schnautz attributed buying of euro zone government bonds to end-of-month flows, when many banks and insurance companies look to shore up "safe" assets ahead of having to report on the make-up of their balance sheets.
This is a different scenario from June last year, when 10-year German government bond yields dropped to minus 0.16 percent on the day after the Brexit vote and South European countries such as Portugal saw their government bond yields spike.
Analysts cited a strengthening euro zone economy and a higher inflation expectations as the main cause for the relative calm this time round.
"A mixture of good data seems to be proving the European economy is doing quite well," said DZ Bank strategist Daniel Lenz, pointing in particular to a survey on private sector activity released last Friday.
Businesses across the euro zone marked the end of the first quarter by ramping up activity at the fastest pace in almost six years to meet burgeoning demand, a survey found.
This is the latest in a string of data releases that suggest returning growth and inflation in the euro zone, a very different picture from the one predicted by many when Britain voted to leave the EU in June last year.
Yields came under some upward pressure after the U.S. Federal Reserve vice chair signalled on Tuesday that two more rate hikes are on the cards this year, soothing concerns that inflation and growth expectations in the world's richest country may have been overdone.
Stanley Fischer said two more rate hikes this year "seems about right", pushing 10-year U.S. government bond yields higher.
"The possibility that all in all there could be three rate hikes this year could be a trigger for higher yields today as well," said DZ Bank's Lenz.
U.S. President Donald Trump's failure to push through a healthcare bill sparked concerns that they may struggle to go through with infrastructure spending promises, thereby potentially reducing expectations for growth and inflation in that country.
(Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Bill Haas used a hot start to jump to the first-round lead as several big names queued up close behind at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in Arizona on Thursday.
Haas shrugged off a late tee time to card seven-under-par 64 in front of a typically raucous and large crowd at TPC Scottsdale, two strokes ahead of a five-strong group including fellow American Rickie Fowler.
Spanish world number two Jon Rahm is three behind, while American Justin Thomas trails by four.
In a field that includes four of the top five players in the world rankings, Japanese two-times defending champion Hideki Matsuyama made a decent start to trail by five shots, but out-of-sorts American Jordan Spieth struggled to a one-over 72.
Haas, who teed off at the 10th hole, surged to five-under after seven holes, helped in no small part by an eagle at the par-five 15th, where they sank a 20-footer.
Fowler, a playoff loser to Matsuyama two years ago, also eagled the 15th, where they warmed to their task on a brisk morning, lashing a five-wood to inside two feet.
“I knew going out early this morning when it was cold the first few holes on the back nine can jump up and get you if you're not careful,” they told Golf Channel.
“I eased into the round nicely ... turned at three under, did a good job of saving a couple of pars, rolled in a long one (45 feet) on four and good birdie on eight.”
“I don' think (the course is) too particularly demanding off the tee, but you need to get it into the fairway to have a chance with these greens once they firm up.”
Fowler, who won the unofficial Hero World Challenge in December, is coming off an uncharacteristic missed cut at Torrey Pines last week, but shrugged it off as a mere blip on the radar.
“Last week was a little hiccup, just made a few too many mistakes. We're right back where we left off (before that).”
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — Iowa is the top pork producing state in the U.S. and a livestock market analyst says all signs point to a good year for the industry.
Steve Meyer, with EMI Analytics, says if pork producers have managed their risk well – it could be another year of positive margins.
“If you take the average price of all the hogs that are sold across the different methods and put that across our cost model – we've got almost $20 per head this year,” Meyer said.
In addition, the pork industry is positioned to grow, according to Meyer. “The packing plants that are coming on are going to provide us some opportunities,” Meyer said. “I think that's a positive. I think we have to be careful about irrational exuberance across 2018 and 2019 because we could certainly produce ourselves into a bad situation if we're not careful.”
But, Meyer doesn't anticipate pressure on slaughter capacity like the pork industry saw in the fourth quarter of 2016. “There are this kind of ‘black swan' events that are out there that could happen,” Meyer said. “Barring that though, I think we'll be reasonably tight this fall, but nothing like last fall.”
Meyer made their comments in an interview with Brownfield Ag News during last week's World Pork Expo in Des Moines.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
WASHINGTON May 3 The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday approved a $1.2 trillion spending bill to keep federal agencies operating through Sept. 30 and avoid a government shutdown on Saturday when existing funds expire.
The House voted 309-118 on the bill, which includes higher military spending, sending it to the Senate for consideration before a Friday midnight deadline.
(Reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Tim Ahmann)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
May 3 A federal jury has cleared Bayer AG and Johnson & Johnson of liability in the first trial to flow out of thousands of lawsuits blaming injuries on the blood thinner Xarelto, the drugmakers said on Wednesday.
The verdict by a federal jury in New Orleans came in a lawsuit filed by Joseph Boudreaux of Louisiana. It was the first in a series of test trials in the litigation aimed at helping the plaintiffs and companies assess values of similar claims. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
