Stargazers will enjoy seeing globular clusters, planetary nebulae and open clusters on Friday during Westmont College's free monthly viewing of the stars.
The college's powerful Keck Telescope, a 24-inch reflector, is housed in the observatory between the soccer and baseball fields.
The viewing, held in conjunction with the Santa Barbara Astronomical Unit, will begin about 7:30 p.m. and last several hours, weather permitting. In case of inclement weather, please call the telescope viewing hot line at 805.565.6272 and check the Westmont website to see if the viewing has been canceled.
The moon will rise at 9:15 p.m. and will be 85 percent illuminated, drowning out some celestial objects with its glow. But Tom Whittemore, Westmont physics instructor, says there will be a chance to see a number of objects before then, including the Owl Cluster, NGC 457.
“Surprisingly bright at 9,900 light-years and in the Perseus arm of our galaxy, it looks like an owl with its wings outstretched,” they said. “The owl has two bright eyes, with one that shines with a warm, golden glow. Some people see E.T. in this cluster of 80 to 100 stars, so it's also known as the E.T. Cluster.”
Two globular clusters will be near the top of the sky, including the Great Globular Cluster, M13 and the often overlooked globular cluster, M92.
“It's illustrative to show these two globular clusters, one after the other, to the public because of the closer concentration of stars in M92 as compared to M13,” Whittemore said. “They each lie about 26,000 light-years away.”
Members of the public may also be able to spy planetary nebulae, such as the Ring Nebula, M57 and the Blinking Planetary, NGC 6826.
“The Blinking Nebula is so named because when viewed through a small telescope it appears to blink or disappear as the observer scans the eyepiece,” Whittemore said. “This is because the nebula is faint compared to the inner relatively bright, white dwarf star. When viewed directly the star is easily visible through the cones of the eyes, while the faint, outer nebula is seen with peripheral vision using the more sensitive rods of the eye. I showed this one to a small group of folks at the August viewing, and they really liked it.”
— Scott Craig is the media relations manager for Westmont College.
Nobody is sure what the infrastructure plan in Trump's head looks like—but it might be something like this. (Jan Stromme/Getty Images)
The president-elect says they want a jobs-creating infrastructure bill—should Democrats help make it happen?
How much do progressive groups want to be part of a sausage-making process taken over by the political equivalent of Tyson Foods?
In our January issue, In These Times provided a handbook for resisting the hate-ﬁlled policies Donald Trump is sure to pursue. But where Trump has posed as populist—as on infrastructure, trade and corruption—is there room to work with the new president? This question has vexed activists, journalists and politicians across the left-liberal spectrum, with some urges staunch non-cooperation. Bernie Sanders, for their part, released a statement saying they would be willing to work with Trump on certain economic legislation.
Two voices in this debate were Max Sawicky, a Washington, D.C.-based economist and writer who defended Sanders' stance in The Baﬄer, and John Feﬀer, director of Foreign Policy in Focus (FPIF), who suggested on FPIF's website that when you “work with the devil … you're doing the devil's work.” Via e-mail, In These Times invited Sawicky and Feﬀer to discuss strategic collaboration with a President Trump.
MAX: Democrats have certain strategic interests—civil rights, women's rights, religious freedom and more—that absolutely defy collaboration with Trump. None of them are tradable.
When it comes to money, however, it's often possible to talk turkey. The money in question is new funding for infrastructure. The Trump campaign has a more articulated policy on infrastructure than on most things. The problem is, it stinks. It's all tax breaks and privatization voodoo—the Trump U of infrastructure bills. It should be stamped dead on arrival.
But with infrastructure spending on the table, Democrats and advocates have an opening to push for something better. A real policy would commit big federal dollars to state and local governments to build stuﬀ they weren't going to build anyway. We could earmark funds for projects too big for states to aﬀord on their own, such as California's high-speed rail system, beach and marsh restoration, an eﬃcient national power grid and expanded regional transit networks.
The fear expressed by many progressives is that successful enactment of such policies would provide political support for all manner of vile Trumpian initiatives. But if this election has taught us anything, it should caution us against overconﬁdent forecasts.
How to proceed? An obvious condition of any deal is that it be free of entangling add-ons that go against the Democrats' strategic interests. It should not, for instance, be buried in an odious budget reconciliation bill written by Paul Ryan.
If Trump desires a genuine infrastructure spending bill, however, and anti-spending Republicans refuse to vote for it, the president would ﬁnd themselves relying on Democratic support. This gives them leverage they could use to pressure Trump into keeping their hands oﬀ the big healthcare programs and Social Security, and easing oﬀ undocumented immigrants.
The political agenda the new administration ends up pursuing will determine appropriate Democratic tactics. Nobody could expect Democrats to be singing “Kumbaya” about bridge-building if Latinos are being swept up in the night, or if African-American voting rights are further abrogated.
But if we end up with a genuine proposal that would provide millions of jobs, it would be foolish to reject it. If anyone thinks the Democrats have problems now with the white working class, or with dispirited people of color who didn't bother to vote, imagine if they turn down a serious jobs plan.
Politics is about making clear what you are for and what you are against. We are for jobs, and there will be plenty for us to be against in the coming months. Total abstention, McConnell-style, works for the party that wants to make nothing happen. That's not us.
JOHN: Max makes a compelling argument for running an inside game during the upcoming Trump era. He's not naïve. They know that the Trump team is going to push regressive policies and play dirty. They have identiﬁed one possible area of compromise—an infrastructure deal—but here, too, they are realistic. Sawicky knows that the deal, as it currently exists in Trump's imagination, “stinks.”
Still, they believe it's worth getting involved in Washington-style politicking on this particular issue, positing the following: First, the Democrats have to somehow reverse the intent of the Trump program from being a pork generator (for businesses and entrepreneurs) to a jobs generator (for those left behind by economic globalization). Second, they imagine that Trump, in order to beat the deﬁcit hawks in their own party, will seek the support of the very political forces that have reversed the intent of their program. Third, this will provide Democrats with leverage in other areas. Fourth, the resulting infrastructure bill will in fact create jobs.
It's possible that this Rube Goldberg scenario will work, and I'd be the ﬁrst to applaud the result. But I don't recommend investing time or energy into such tactics. The next four years will not be a time for normal politics.
Trump's appointments demonstrate they will be pushing an uncompromising far-right agenda. Those on the Left who expected Trump to promote a more peaceful foreign policy will have to reckon with Michael Flynn, Mike Pompeo and others who will translate “America First” into an unraveling of every important diplomatic achievement of the Obama years. Those who expected Trump to level the economic playing ﬁeld for American workers will have to contend with the likes of billionaire Wilbur Ross and a clutch of dirty energy executives who will tilt the playing ﬁeld the other way. And those who expected Trump to “drain the swamp” in D.C. will have to deal with the corporate lobbyists already advising the transition team.
All this—plus Trump's campaign rhetoric—suggests that a policy of non-cooperation is a better bet than trying to compromise or win the new president over. Trump is an autocrat who intends to bend American institutions to their will. To engage such a leader will reinforce their authority and normalize a repugnant political philosophy tinged with racism, xenophobia, misogyny and religious extremism.
My program of noncooperation consists of three parts. First, don't mindlessly oppose something that will have progressive outcomes, but don't expend much eﬀort to facilitate it, either. Second, focus on change at the state and local level. Third, and most importantly, strengthen peace and justice movements—particularly in the states Trump won—to resist the next administration's policies on the ground (and prepare for the next elections).
This strategy of active resistance would ultimately be more productive than scoring minor Beltway wins. This election has revealed (once again) that a huge number of Americans don't care about the inside game. They reject elite tactics even if those tactics measurably improve their lives, like the Aﬀordable Care Act. We just lost the corridors of power. Now we've got to rebuild at the street level.
MAX: I need to clarify a few things.
I don't know what infrastructure deal exists in Trump's imagination. I don't think they do, either. Two of their supporters wrote a paper of supply-side drivel that I doubt they have read. If Trump wants a real legacy of creating jobs, I actually think they would be able to tell the diﬀerence between a real program and crapola. It's the one area where, as a developer, they have some knowledge. Do they want a real pro-gram, or do they want to implement a massive grift? Who knows?
Trump's infamous strategist Steve Bannon—against conventional Republican wisdom—supports big spending on infrastructure, saying “the conservatives are going to go crazy” at their plan. As a Goldman Sachs alum, they too know the diﬀerence between a real jobs program and hot air.
Feﬀer raises concerns about a program providing “pork” to business. Because construction is usually contracted out, any infrastructure program is going to beneﬁt business ﬁrms. Yes, this inevitably entails graft—it goes with the territory. But distinguishing between pork and “good” infrastructure would be a good problem to have; it means there will be real, job-creating federal spending, not merely tax-cut voodoo. Of course, actually valuable projects are better than pork.
It is far from certain that a good infrastructure deal would provide Democrats with leverage in other areas. My case is that such a deal would be good in and of itself, because it means jobs (and upward pressure on wages) and helps Democrats put a wedge between Trump and many Republicans.
There is not a clear connection between infrastructure and the basket of deplorable policies that are coming down the pike. So none of this is any substitute for the urgency Feﬀer notes of building social movements, including in state and local political struggles. A good deal on infrastructure doesn't have much bearing on the safeguarding of basic human rights and fundamental social beneﬁts. That's a separate track that will depend on grassroots organizing, not usually the work of members of Congress.
The choices in my mind are simple. A deal that can generate millions of new jobs should be supported (with the caveats noted above). If it's big and real, it would not be seen as “inside baseball.” A small or rotten deal can safely be rejected, but if congressional Democrats and progressive activists are perceived to be indiﬀerent or hostile to a genuine, large infrastructure deal, the political fallout would be an arrow to the heart and grease the skids for genuinely horrible things to come.
JOHN: Max provides some helpful clariﬁcations, and there's no doubt that we are on the same side when it comes to what can ultimately improve the state of working America. The diﬀerences lie in emphasis and tactics. Those diﬀerences will prove critical, however, in the four years ahead.
Looking at Trump's corporate career, I'd say job creation was pretty low on their list of priorities. They busted unions, stiﬀed contractors and closed operations that could have been saved. They always focused on proﬁts, primarily their own. As president, they could have some kind of conversion—but I doubt it.
The larger question is whether progressives should engage in actual politicking with Team Trump. I'm not talking about a bill with obvious progressive consequences, such as this chimerical job-creation bill.
Most legislation coming out of Washington's sausage factory has some good and some bad. I'm talking about the utility of working closely with Trump on legislation with widespread regressive results simply because progressives have some marginal inﬂuence on the bill, or in the hopes of winning inﬂuence on future policies. How much do progressive groups want to be part of a sausage-making process taken over by the political equivalent of Tyson Foods? I propose going vegan for the next four years.
Washington interest groups will pursue the inside game because that's part of their DNA. I predict they will come up hard against the Republican-controlled Congress, an openly hostile Trump administration and a well-funded set of lobbyists. I'm impressed by those who are willing to continue to play the game under these conditions; I just don't think it's worth the eﬀort. Worse, it could be counterproductive, legitimizing the most noxious political team to take over in a long time.
I propose instead to throw sand in the gears of the Trump juggernaut, persuading foundations to redirect funding to state and local initiatives, turning our backs on the elite D.C. game. We don't have the votes or money to con-front Trump head-on in Congress. It's time for an end run instead.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The world's most famous jewellery brand is heading to Birmingham - and people are rather happy about it.
Tiffany & Co. has announced to plans to open a store in at the Bullring.
The news was announced earlier this week and was roundly welcomed on the Birmingham Mail Facebook page .
When will Tiffanys be here?
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
The boutique will be opening in Selfridges Birmingham on November 16.
Located on the store's fourth floor, the shop will stock the brand's jewellery and watches collections from the iconic Tiffany T range, Fleur de Lis and Tiffany City HardWear to the CT60 and East West watches collections.
What is the company saying?
Barratt West, vice president and managing director of Tiffany & Co. UK and Ireland, said: “We are delighted to be opening this boutique in Birmingham, further building upon Tiffany's long and successful presence in the UK.
“Birmingham is a city on the move and a growing luxury marketplace with a vibrant cultural scene.
"We are proud to be part of this exciting time for the city.”
Why is it such a big deal?
(Image: Hulton Archive / Getty)
Tiffany is an iconic jewellery brand.
Is is perhaps best known for its associations with Audrey Hepburn, who famously gazed through the window of the New York store as Holly Golightly in the film Breakfast at Tiffany's.
It is also famous for its blue boxes - which can NEVER be bought - they are only given out with tiffany goods.
What can we expect?
The jeweller is best known for Tiffany blue boxes, heart necklaces and key pendants.
It also sells sterling silver, china, crystal, stationery, fragrances, water bottles, watches, personal accessories, as well as some leather goods.
The American brand has a 175 year history and the first Tiffany store in the UK opened in 1986.
Who are its competitors?
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Pandora , Links of London , Goldsmiths, Omega Boutique, Swarovski and Thomas Sabo .
Bullring is fast becoming the place to go for jewellery, shoes and accessories, with stores like Dune , Irregular Choice , Jones Bootmaker and Office already residing in the mall.
To keep updated on shopping news, follow our What's On Facebook page.
BROWARD COUNTY. Fla. - A gas leak Saturday at a Broward County apartment complex briefly caused residents to evacuate, officials said.
Battalion Chief Michael Kane, a spokesperson for Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue, said residents reported smelling gas about 11 a.m. at the Madison Apartments in the 2600 block of Northwest Eighth Court near Fort Lauderdale.
A hazardous materials team from Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue was able to replace a leaky pressure valve, which services a 1,000-gallon propane gas tank at the complex, Kane said.
After the repairs, officials with Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue determined the area was safe and residents returned to their homes, Kane said.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
CHICAGO (AP) — Notre Dame and Wisconsin will play at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin, in 2020 and Soldier Field in Chicago in 2021.
The schools made a joint announcement on Monday in Chicago. The two-game series marks the first meeting between the Fighting Irish and Badgers since 1964.
Notre Dame athletic director Jack Swarbrick says the games will be part of school's Shamrock Series in which the Irish regularly play at a neutral site and break out alternative uniforms.
"These things are always a Rubik's Cube when you're trying to figure out how to put them together," Swarbrick said.
"One piece of it moves, then you've got to go back and try and refigure it. We had to stick with it. In so many regards, it came together exactly as we wanted it."
The first game will be played at the home of the Green Bay Packers, on Oct. 3, 2020. Lambeau Field is named after Curly Lambeau, the former Notre Dame player who went on to found, coach and play for the Green Bay Packers.
The site will shift to the home of the Chicago Bears on Sept. 25, 2021. The Lambeau Field game will count as a Wisconsin home game and the Soldier Field game will be part of Notre Dame's NBC television package.
"We at Wisconsin are honored to have the privilege to play a program with the rich tradition of Notre Dame. It's been a while in the works. It's taken a while to put this together, but I'm very excited about it," said Wisconsin athletic director Barry Alvarez, who was an assistant coach at Notre Dame under Lou Holtz in the late 1980s.
The schools are located a four-hour drive apart, but haven't played since Notre Dame beat Wisconsin 31-7 in what was the first game as Fighting Irish head coach for recently deceased Ara Parseghian.
"There are so many connections here. Especially meaningful for me in this month to have this announcement come shortly after the passing of Ara Parseghian," Swarbrick said.
The teams have met 14 times overall with the Irish leading 8-6.
The Badgers most recently played at Lambeau Field to start the 2016 season and beat LSU 16-14. It was just the second college football game ever played at Lambeau and the first matching Division I teams.
Wisconsin last played at Solider in Field in 2011 against Northern Illinois and won 49-7. Notre Dame has played 12 games at Soldier Field, most recently in 2012 when the Irish routed Miami 41-3 in a Shamrock Series matchup. The Irish are 10-0-2 at Soldier Field.
Anna Mae Blessing, 92, has been charged with killing their son after they thought they wanted to put them in a nursing home. Picture: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
Anna Mae Blessing, 92, has been charged with killing their son after they thought they wanted to put them in a nursing home. Picture: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
A 92-YEAR-OLD US woman shot their son dead because they planned to put them in a nursing home when they became "difficult to live with", reports said.
Anna Mae Blessing reportedly told their 72-year-old son, "You took my life, so I'm taking yours" moments after they gunned them down at their Arizona home.
Blessing, who has been charged with murder, reportedly told police she'd intended to take their own life, too.
The elderly woman was in a wheelchair at their initial court appearance on Tuesday where their bail was set at $US500,000 ($680,000) and a lawyer was being appointed to represent them
Arizona police said Blessing's 72-year-old son was found dead on Monday at their home in Fountain Hills, located about 50 kilometres northeast of Phoenix.
The man's name wasn't immediately released.
Blessing had been living with their son and their girlfriend for about six months, according to court records, and the elderly woman had reportedly become worried that the pair were plotting to move them into a home.
Anna Mae Blessing appeared frail during their court appearance. Picture: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
They told authorities that they argued with their son on Monday morning over the way they were being treated and was upset with them for stating that they were going to put them in a nursing home.
Blessing told police they got out two guns, which they said they have had since the 1970s - one bought at a gun store and the other obtained from their late husband. They told police they hadn't fired either since the 1970s.
They concealed two pistols in the pockets of their bathrobe before confronting their son in their bedroom and firing multiple shots at them with one handgun, records show.
They reportedly turned the gun on their son's 57-year-old girlfriend but after a struggle the woman was able to wrestle it out of them hands.
Anna Mae Blessing has been charged with murdering their son. Picture: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
They also managed to get the second gun away from the 92-year-old.
The unidentified woman called authorities and Blessing was located on a recliner in the home and taken into custody.
Blessing told police they had wanted to kill themselves but was out of weapons.
When detectives asked them what they thought should happen to them they replied they "should be put to sleep as a result of them actions".
The woman also tried to shoot their son's girlfriend. Picture: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
Sheriff Paul Penzone said police had been called out to at least one other case of domestic violence involving Blessing and their son but could not give further details.
"It is always concerning when domestic issues escalate to violence or tragic outcomes," Penzone told a local TV station. "They are often isolated and neither predictable nor preventable."
South Africa rugby union coach Allister Coetzee stepped down on Friday after a fractious 22 months in charge of the Springboks. SA Rugby said in a statement that it had reached an agreement with the 54-year-old to part ways with immediate effect.
After 11 victories in 25 Tests - including two humiliating defeats to New Zealand - there had been increasing media speculation that Coetzee faced the sack.
"First and foremost we had to assess what is in the best interests of the Springboks," said Jurie Roux, head of SA Rugby. "We'd like to thank Allister for their passion and dedication to the Springbok cause and wish them every success in their next role."
Coetzee, who was only the second black coach of the national squad, took over from Heyneke Meyer in April 2016 after turning the Cape Town based Western Stormers into one of the most sucessful sides in South African rugby.
But their first game in charge of the national squad in June 2016 ended in defeat to Ireland, a team that had never won in South Africa.
From that Cape Town loss, South Africa recovered win in Johannesburg and Port Elizabeth to claim the three Test series 2-1.
But the doubt had been injected especially with Coetzee's insistence that South Africa move away from kick-and-chase approach for the ball-in-hand ways of New Zealand.
But their vision failed to woo enough supporters and in a letter to SA Rugby,which was leaked to the media, Coetzee claimed that officials had been trying to undermine them since their appointment.
"This creates a public impression of incompetence on my part while wilfully obstructing my efforts to be successful. I will fight to protect my hard-earned reputation."
With the schism in the full glare of the public, their departure appeared to be a matter of arranging the vocabulary.
"I have always held Springbok rugby dear to my heart and will continue to do so and for that reason I think now is the time the team and me strike out in new directions," they said on Friday in a statement. "I wish Springbok rugby every success in the future as I have always done."
Unfortunately for Coetzee the statistics did not support him. Though their sides won seven Tests in 2017, six came against an underperforming France - who have also replaced their head coach - and Argentina. Among four losses were a 57-0 drubbing in New Zealand, a 38-3 thrashing in Ireland, and a 24-22 loss to a Wales team missing several key players.South Africa did not win a Test against a team ranked higher in the world.
MEDIA RELEASE
During the week of April 10, 2017, through April 16, 2017, Hawaiʻi Island police arrested 24 motorists for driving under the influence of an intoxicant. Six of the drivers were involved in a traffic accident. One of the drivers was under the age of 21.
So far this year, there have been 367 DUI arrests compared with 318 during the same period last year, an increase of 15.4 percent. The numbers of arrests by district were:
District Weekly Total Year to Date Hāmākua 1 3 North Hilo 0 2 South Hilo 3 76 Puna 12 94 Kaʻū 0 4 Kona 7 168 South Kohala 1 20 North Kohala 0 0 Island Total 24 367
There have been 386 major accidents so far this year compared with 435 during the same period last year, a decrease of 11.3 percent.
To date, there were 7 fatal crashes, resulting in 7 fatalities, compared with 7 fatal crashes, resulting in 8 fatalities (one of which had multiple deaths) for the same time last year. This represents an increase of 12.5 percent for fatal crashes.
DUI roadblocks and patrols will continue island wide.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Netflix currently has 81 million paying users and has launched in 130 new countries around the world since January 2016.
Among its most popular series are House of Cards, Making A Murderer and Better Call Saul.
Peaky Blinders, the Birmingham-filmed BBC drama, also features on the streaming service, which is enjoyed by scores of Birmingham residents.
Every month, the popular streaming service uploads more and more content for us to enjoy - with many whiling away their weekends binge-watching.
But we reckon even the most experienced Netflix users are missing out on some of the streaming service's hidden features.
To help you, we have have rounded up the most useful features for you to take advantage of.
After all, we would not want you to be missing out.
You can make movie requests! No, seriously
Did you know that - like a library or a wine bar DJ - you can make requests of Netflix?
Well, you can get in touch with the creatives behind the entertainment giant and ask them for certain TV shows or movies.
All you need to know is head to the request page by clicking Help Centre.
Once there, go to to 'Request TV shows or movies'.
According to the company, they will go out and see if the license is available.
If it is, the content will be uploaded.
Happy days!
You can watch in Ultra HD
Everybody knows Netflix boasts HD content.
To set it up, simply navigate to Your Account, select playback settings, click 'High' on data usage and click the save button.
Alternatively, your television may support Ultra HD - and clicking high will give you the best possible picture.
Users should only use this is you're on a Wi-Fi network.
Why? Because otherwise you could end up using all your mobile data incredibly quickly.
Stay on top of your data usage
You can use the Netflix App or website to control your data usage.
Open the App and select the following: Menu > App Settings > Cellular Data Usage.
There, you can decide how many GB per hour you'd like to use.
You can also control your data through a browser by going to Your Account and then to Playback Settings.
Netflix says that streaming on mobile won't exceed this setting.
Shortcuts you need to know about
If you're watching on computer, you need to know these handy shortcuts:
Space - Toggle Play/Pause
Enter Toggle Play/Pause
PgUp – Play
PgDn – Pause
F – Full-screen
Esc – Exit full-screen
Shift+Left arrow – Rewind
Shift+Right arrow – Fast Forward
Up arrow – Volume Up
Down arrow – Volume DownM – Mute toggle
Customise your subtitles
If you're watching Pan's Labyrinth or another incredible foreign-language film, then you'll probably rely heavily on subtitles.
But did you know you can adjust them?
Yes, yes, you can alter the colour, size, font, and more.
All you need to do is go to Your Account > Your Profile > Subtitle Appearance.
Use the Netflix ID Bible
Neflix is great but sometimes it can't be a bit difficult tracking down something you want to watch if all you use are categories like 'action' or 'thriller'.
But it turns out there are a load of odd subgenres such as 'Film Noir' and 'Social Issue Dramas' that can be accessed.
Visit the Netflix ID Bible to find out how.
Love TV? Check out deals on DVDs, show merchandise and more at Zavvi and HBO
New Web site provides a one-stop spot for local business people to trade their time and services
Two Santa Barbara entrepreneurs are looking to capitalize on the oldest form of business through a modern platform. YesPLZ! is an online bartering service for local service providers.
Users log in through Facebook to seek or offer among 30 different services, such as massage, writing, auto repair, Web design and plumbing.
“It's hyperlocal; we focus on specific categories within a small radius,” co-founder Mike Ray said. “Barter is the oldest form of economy, but people get lost with an infinite amount of trades possible (on other sites).”
Ray owned a transportation business called Super Ride in Goleta. When they didn't have the capital to pay for advertising, they and co-founder James Crane-Baker thought there had to be an easier way to trade their time.
“Santa Barbara has a high cost of living, and it's tough to get jobs,” Crane-Baker said. “We live in a paradise and no one wants to travel very far.
“Specifically, the service provider is a squeezed profession because they are trying to make a living and stay competitive in a tough market. We are trying to help their pocketbooks and expand local business.”
Crane-Baker started and recently sold a South American Web site that was similar to Craigslist.
Simplicity and a narrow-minded approach are the keys to the “new breed” of barter sites, Crane-Baker said. YesPLZ! strives to eliminate spammers and fraud through a Facebook login and its virtually text-free platform. Users also receive an alert when someone joins who matches their trade profile.
“Craigslist is on a downward spiral,” Ray said. “They haven't updated their product in forever, and people are picking them apart — such as Airbnb.com that focuses on rooms for rent.”
The site eliminates extraneous text such as titles and descriptions to make the site easily navigable, Crane-Baker said. Users can leave comments on traders through Facebook or direct messaging and can expand their market using Twitter.
“The idea is that we all agree that this gray market exists,” Crane-Baker said. “What we're trying to see is if we can transfer gray market onto the Internet and help service providers broaden their market.”
It's the age of the startup, they said.
“Craigslist is dying a death of 1,000 cuts,” Crane-Baker said. “Startups have taken each one of Craigslist's sub categories and made it their market.”
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Lagos – The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Lagos State, on Wednesday, said it received 166, 575 Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) of new registrants and distributed over 4,000 PVCs in a week.
Mr Sam Olumekun, the INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner in the state, told newsmen after a meeting with the Inter Agency Committee on Election Security in preparation for 2019 elections.
The epresentatives of various security agencies, including Police, Department of State Security (DSS), the Nigerian Army and the Nigerian Air Force were at the closed door meeting.
Others were the Nigerian Immigration Service, Nigerian Prison Service, Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps, (NSCDC) the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) among others.
“As we speak, we still have about 1.3 million PVCs uncollected since 2015. But for the new CVR (Continuous Voter Registration) that we have been doing since the first quarter of 2017, we have taken delivery of the cards of those who registered in 2017.
“As I speak, we have collected 166, 575 PVCs and in the past one week, we have distributed over 4,000 and we have a balance of about 162, 000 as on Monday.
“People should know that these cards are available at the local government offices of INEC and they should endeavour to collect their cards in preparation for the election,” Olumekun said.
On bringing the cards closer to the people, the commissioner, who urged registered voters to visit the designated councils, said that the process of collection was not stressful.
According to him, considering the volume of the cards, the commission will look for a way of moving into the field to bring them closer to the people.
“We will see how we can tackle this matter, the commission in the state will come up with a formula to improve the collection,” Olumekun said.
They said that the commission had taken delivery of all the PVCs of registered voters in 2017, adding that those registering in 2018 would get theirs before the 2019 general elections.
The REC called on the media, political parties, civil society organisations and other stakeholders to mobilise registered voters to obtain their PVCs.
The INEC boss, who noted that the commission would never subvert the will or the rights of the people during elections, said it was ready to deliver a free,fair, credible and acceptable elections.
According to him, electorate should have trust in the commission and shun any form of violence, reminding them that “election is not a war.”
They said that the CVR exercise had been on all the designated centres across the state, assuring that all registered voters would get their PVCs before the polls.
On security, Olumekun said that the commission had been and would continue to collaborate with all security agencies to achieve its mandate in 2019 and beyond.
The Rec said: “Security is critical in any election and that is why we are meeting, interacting and collaborating ahead of 2019 general elections.
“The essence of today meeting is to plan so as not to fail in 2019. This is part of our planning and preparations for the general elections of 2019.
“We discussed preparations of INEC so far, and we sought their (security agencies) collaboration. Of course, they have always collaborated with us in the past and have done so beautifully.
“Election is not an event, rather, we see it as a process and we are doing very meticulous planning for the 2019 general elections and the security agencies have assured us that they are up to the task.”
They said that INEC was carrying all security agencies along to ensure global best practices in the conduct of the 2019 general elections.
Olumekun urged politicians to allow the people to speak through their votes during elections and shun all forms of violence and inducement. (NAN)
Patti J. Shock, CPCE, educational consultant at The International School of Hospitality, talked about cannabis and the meetings and events industry during a recent presentation at MeetingsNet's Las Vegas Corporate Invitational Destination Showcase. Them approach to the increasing legalization of marijuana is that meeting planners need to educate themselves on how their guests can be affected. They said, “Even if you don't plan to have pot at an event, people are going to come high or bring their own.”
According to Shock, nine states and Washington, D.C., now allow recreational marijuana use, which means that more than one in five American adults can smoke, vape, or eat it legally. On the plus side, Shock says that in states where marijuana is legal, binge drinking rates have declined. However, just because marijuana is legal in a destination doesn't mean your guests can get high wherever they like.
It's Legal, but Is It Allowed?
In Denver, Colo., adults may use marijuana in special lounges and some coffee shops, etc., where there are tastings of different kinds, and even classes on menu pairings with pot. But in Las Vegas, it is illegal to smoke marijuana on the street, in a vehicle, or in a hotel room. Shock says that means only people who live there can smoke it, in their own homes. Tourists tend to rely on edibles.
Shock says that when marijuana is smoked or vaped, the user instantly feels high, but when the drug is ingested it is likely to take at least an hour for any effect to be felt. That often leads to people thinking it isn't working and taking more than they should. Shock said that if one of your attendees is in that situation, the good news is no one has ever died from a pot overdose, they just need to wait it out. They recommended giving them sugar such as a regular Coke (not a diet Coke) and letting them sleep.
Sativa vs. Indica
Shock said there are different kinds of cannabis hybrids used for different purposes. Sativa is used mainly during the day when the user wants to stay focused, and indica is taken more at night when the user wants to relax of sleep.
CBD vs. THC
There are also different components of marijuana to be aware of. CBD, or cannabidiol, is often used for medical purposes and does not give users a high. THC of tetrahydrocannabinol is the cannabinoid that gives the psychoactive effect know as a high.
Do Not Mix with Alcohol
Shock's main piece of advice for planners who know that marijuana use will take place is to avoid letting guests mix it with alcohol. They said, “It's the alcohol that makes people crazy. You don't want to mix with marijuana because pot will get the blame when it is really the alcohol. Alcohol can make people aggressive and belligerent, marijuana will leave people mellow and relaxed.”
Secondly, Shock says that if a planner's company or client has a corporate drug policy they should follow that, but if they want to provide a waiver for marijuana use it should probably look a lot like a waiver for alcohol use. They said, “Don't let them drive, and control the amount they can ingest, just like with alcohol.”
Shock says the third thing to note is, “If you are going to have marijuana you'd better have good food!” They said that while marijuana enhances everything, including food and music, it will also make your guests hungry.
A microscopic look at the atomic structure of a cobalt-manganese-titanium mixture (Co2MnTi) that is one of the newly predicted and manufactured magnetic materials. Each color shows the distribution of a different element. The uniformity for each material matches the predictions for a stable three-element material. Credit: PELIN TOZMAN, AMBER AND CRANN INSTITUTE, TRINITY COLLEGE, DUBLIN, IRELAND
Two innovative magnetic materials have been proposed and developed, atom-by-atom, by material scientists by means of high-throughput computational models. The achievement could lead to the start of a new age in the extensive modeling of innovative magnetic materials at unprecedented pace.
In spite of the fact that magnets are abundantly used in the day-to-day life, in reality, they are very rare. Of all the known inorganic compounds, just 5% display traces of magnetism. Among these compounds, only very few can be used in real-world applications since their properties, such as, magnetic permanence and effective temperature range, vary.
As these materials are comparatively scarce, they are difficult to obtain or expensive, forcing researchers to look for new alternatives as magnets are highly significant in applications that range from motors to magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machines. The conventional process includes not just trial and error analysis because scientists develop disparate molecular structures for discovering a material that has magnetic properties. However, numerous high-performance magnets are peculiar in chemical and physical trends eluding intuition.
In a recent research by materials scientists from Duke University, a shortcut to this process has been developed. The scientists demonstrate the potential to estimate magnetism in new materials by using computer models with the ability to screen innumerable candidates in short order. Furthermore, to prove the validity of the process, they have developed two magnetic materials not known earlier.
The outcomes of the research have been reported in the April 14, 2017, issue of the journal Science Advances.
Predicting magnets is a heck of a job and their discovery is very rare. Even with our screening process, it took years of work to synthesize our predictions. We hope others will use this approach to create magnets for use in a wide range of applications. Professor Stefano Curtarolo, Director, Center for Materials Genomics, Duke University
The researchers concentrated on a class of materials known as Heusler alloys, that is, materials formed of atoms of three different elements arrayed in one among three discrete structures. Taking into account the entire probable arrangements and combinations available by using 55 elements, the research team could select from a total of 236,115 prospective prototypes.
The research team developed each prototype atom-by-atom by means of a computational model to arrive at the prospective prototypes. When the manner in which the atoms would possibly interact and the energy necessitated by each structure were computed, the list was narrowed down to 35,602 potentially stable compounds.
From this point, the research team carried out a highly strict investigation of stability. In general, materials get stabilized into the arrangement that necessitates the minimum energy to maintain. Each compound was examined against other atomic arrangements, and those compounds that were beaten by the competitive materials were rejected, which narrowed the list to 248 compounds.
Only 22 of the 248 compound exhibited a calculated magnetic moment. The final step involved rejecting materials with competing alternative structures that were very close for comfort. This left the research team with 14 compounds to develop from a theoretical model into real-world compounds.
However, as is normal in a laboratory, developing new materials is easy to conceptualize but hard to perform.
It can take years to realize a way to create a new material in a lab. There can be all types of constraints or special conditions that are required for a material to stabilize. But choosing from 14 is a lot better than 200,000. Corey Oses, Doctoral Student, Duke University
In order to synthesize the material, Curtarolo and Oses sought the assistance of Stefano Sanvito, professor of physics at Trinity College in Dublin, Ireland. Sanvito spent many years trying to develop four such materials, and was successful in developing two.
As predicted, both were magnetic materials.
The first newly invented magnetic material was formed of cobalt, magnesium and titanium - Co 2 MnTi. The researchers accurately predicted the new magnet's characteristics by comparing the measured characteristics of magnets having similar structures. Specifically, the temperature at which the new material lost its magnetism was estimated to be 940 K, or 1232 °F. During the analysis, the real “Curie temperature” was found to be 938 K, or 1228 °F, which is an unusually high temperature. This fact, together with the fact that the material lacks rare earth elements, renders it potentially useful in numerous commercial applications.
“Many high-performance permanent magnets contain rare earth elements,” stated Oses. “And rare earth materials can be expensive and difficult to acquire, particularly those that can only be found in Africa and China. The search for magnets free of rare-earth materials is critical, especially as the world seems to be shying away from globalization.”
The other material was formed of manganese, platinum and palladium (Mn 2 PtPd). This material was found to be an antiferromagnet, that is, the electrons in the material are evenly divided in their arrangements. This causes the material to lack its own internal magnetic moment; however, it renders the electrons to respond to external magnetic fields.
Although this characteristic does not find many applications other than hard drives, magnetic field sensing and random access memory (RAM), magnets of such kind are highly hard to predict. Yet, the computations of the researchers for its different characteristics were accurate.
It doesn't really matter if either of these new magnets proves useful in the future. The ability to rapidly predict their existence is a major coup and will be invaluable to materials scientists moving forward. Professor Stefano Curtarolo, Director, Center for Materials Genomics, Duke University
The Science Foundation of Ireland, the EU Commission and the National Science Foundation (DGF1106401) supported this study.
Short Answer
We used to say that you should look for evidence that they comply with the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard for filters for direct viewing of the Sun. But now the marketplace is being flooded by counterfeit eclipse glasses that are labeled as if they're ISO-compliant when in fact they are not. So now we suggest that you make sure you get (or got) your eclipse viewers from one of the suppliers listed on our Reputable Vendors of Solar Filters & Viewers page.
Long Answer
The #1 rule for observing a solar eclipse, or for looking directly at the Sun at any other time, is safety first.
As noted elsewhere on this site, with one exception, it is never safe to look directly at the Sun without a special-purpose safe solar filter. That exception is during totality, when the Moon completely blocks the dazzlingly bright face of the Sun. On August 21, 2017, this will happen only within the roughly 70-mile-wide path of the Moon's dark inner shadow from Oregon to South Carolina — and only for a minute or two. Before and after totality, and at all times outside the path of totality, you must use a special-purpose safe solar filter when looking directly at the Sun.
“Special-purpose” means designed exclusively for looking directly at the everyday Sun. Filters for direct viewing of the Sun are typically sold in the form of wearable “eclipse glasses” or “eclipse shades” or as solar viewing cards that you hold in your hand. What makes them special is that they reduce sunlight to safe levels so that you don't injure your eyes. Our daytime star shines about a half million times brighter than the full Moon in visible light and emits potentially harmful ultraviolet (UV) and infrared (IR) radiation too. Looking directly at the Sun through anything that isn't specially made to deal with all that visible light and invisible radiation is a recipe for serious eye injury, perhaps even blindness. Note that special-purpose solar filters are many thousands of times darker than ordinary sunglasses!
What to Look For
How do you know if your eclipse glasses or handheld solar viewers are truly safe? You need to know that they meet the ISO 12312-2 (sometimes written as ISO 12312-2:2015) international safety standard. Filters that are ISO 12312-2 compliant not only reduce visible sunlight to safe and comfortable levels but also block solar UV and IR radiation.
Unfortunately, you can't check whether a filter meets the ISO standard yourself — doing so requires a specialized and expensive piece of laboratory equipment called a spectrophotometer that shines intense UV, visible, and IR light through the filter and measures how much gets through at each wavelength. Solar filter manufacturers send their products to specialized labs that are accredited to perform the tests necessary to verify compliance with the ISO 12312-2 safety specifications. Once they have the paperwork that documents their products as ISO-compliant, they can legitimately use the ISO logo on their products and packaging.
Even more unfortunately, unscrupulous vendors can grab the ISO logo off the internet and put it on their products and packaging even if their eclipse glasses or viewers haven't been properly tested. This means that just seeing the ISO logo or a label claiming ISO 12312-2 certification isn't good enough. You need to know that the product comes from a reputable manufacturer or one of their authorized dealers.
The AAS Solar Eclipse Task Force has been working diligently to compile a list of such vendors, now posted on our Reputable Vendors of Solar Filters & Viewers page. We've checked manufacturers' ISO paperwork to make sure it's complete and that it comes from a recognized, accredited testing facility, and we've personally examined manufacturers' products. We've asked manufacturers to identify their authorized resellers, and we've asked dealers to identify the source of the products they're selling. Only when everything checks out do we add a vendor to our listing.
If we don't list a supplier, that doesn't mean their products are unsafe — only that we have no knowledge of them or that we haven't convinced ourselves they are safe.
How can you tell if your solar viewer is not safe? You shouldn't be able to see anything through a safe solar filter except the Sun itself or something comparably bright, such as the Sun reflected in a mirror, a sunglint off shiny metal, the hot filament of an unfrosted incandescent light bulb, a bright halogen light bulb, a bright-white LED flashlight (including the one on your smartphone), or an arc-welder's torch. All such sources should appear quite dim through a solar viewer. If you can see lights of more ordinary brightness through your eclipse glasses or handheld viewer, and you're not sure the product came from a reputable vendor, it's no good. Safe solar filters produce a view of the Sun that is comfortably bright (like the full Moon), in focus, and surrounded by dark sky. If you glance at the Sun through your solar filter and find it uncomfortably bright, out of focus, and/or surrounded by a bright haze, it's no good. You should contact the seller and demand a refund or credit for return of the product, then obtain a replacement from one of the sources listed on our reputable-vendors page.
What if you received eclipse glasses or a handheld solar viewer from a relative, friend, neighbor, or acquaintance? If that person is an amateur or professional astronomer — and astronomers have been handing out eclipse viewers like Halloween candy lately — they're almost certainly ISO-compliant, because astronomers get their solar filters from sources they know and trust (in other words, from the ones listed on our reputable-vendors page). Ditto for professional astronomical organizations (including college and university physics and astronomy departments) and amateur-astronomy clubs.
If you bought or were given eclipse viewers at a science museum or planetarium, or at an astronomy trade show, again you're almost certainly in possession of ISO-compliant filters. As long as you can trace your filters to a reputable vendor or other reliable source, and as long as they have the ISO logo and a statement attesting to their ISO 12312-2 compliance, you should have nothing to worry about. What you absolutely should not do is search for eclipse glasses on the internet and buy whatever pops up in the ads or search results. Check our list of reputable vendors and buy from one of them.
In addition to making sure your eclipse shades or handheld viewers come from a reputable source, make sure they're in good condition:
If the filters are torn, scratched, or punctured, discard them.
If the filters are coming loose from their cardboard or plastic frames, discard them.
Note: If your eclipse glasses or viewers are compliant with the ISO 12312-2 safety standard adopted in 2015, you may look at the uneclipsed or partially eclipsed Sun through them for as long as you wish. Furthermore, if the filters aren't scratched, punctured, or torn, you may reuse them indefinitely. Some glasses/viewers — even new ones — are printed with warnings stating that you shouldn't look through them for more than 3 minutes at a time and that you should discard them if they are more than 3 years old. Such warnings do not apply to eclipse viewers certified to meet the ISO 12312-2:2015 standard and may be ignored.
What to Avoid
Ordinary sunglasses (or multiple pairs of sunglasses), neutral density or polarizing filters (such as those made for camera lenses), smoked glass, photographic or X-ray film (unexposed, exposed, or developed), “space blankets,” potato-chip bags, DVDs, and any other materials you may have heard about for solar viewing are not safe. In some cases these homemade filters may seem like they dim the Sun to a comfortable level, but that doesn't mean they do so across the whole electromagnetic spectrum. While you're enjoying a “comfortable” view of the “dim” Sun, solar infrared radiation could be cooking your retinas. And you wouldn't know till later, because your retinas don't have pain receptors. Only after the eclipse, when you notice blind spots or other vision problems, would you realize you'd made a catastrophic mistake.
What about welding filters? The only ones that are safe for direct viewing of the Sun with your eyes are those of Shade 12 or higher. These are much darker than the filters used for most kinds of welding. If you have an old welder's helmet around the house and are thinking of using it to view the Sun, make sure you know the filter's shade number. If it's less than 12 (and it probably is), don't even think about using it to look at the Sun. Many people find the Sun too bright even in a Shade 12 filter, and some find the Sun too dim in a Shade 14 filter — but Shade 13 filters are uncommon and can be hard to find. In any case, welding filters generally give a sickly green image of the Sun, whereas special-purpose solar viewers give a white, yellow, or orange image, which is much more pleasing and natural. If you really want to get a welding filter, we recommend that you buy it from a welding supply company; we've heard reports of people ordering “Shade 14” welding goggles from random online stores and receiving much lighter filters than they were promised. Our Reputable Vendors of Solar Filters & Viewers page doesn't list any suppliers of welder's filters, only suppliers of filters made exclusively for viewing the Sun.
No anniversaries for APNU and the Cummingsburg Accord
July 2016 came and went and maybe not even one Guyanese outside of the APNU circles could recall it was the birth anniversary of the formation called APNU. You tend at first glance to say it was a fictional construct because of the six groups that made up the entity only one had active political space.
At the time, the Working People's Alliance barely existed. The other parties were virtually one-man things. The PNC was APNU, APNU was the PNC.
You felt it was a caricature at the time it was formed because of the six organisms that made up the outfit only the PNC had biological sustainability. But that was not the true picture of APNU. It was the symbolism it brought that was not only important but priceless, especially the partnership with the PNC and WPA.
People felt that Guyanese could put their differences away and work for the common good. The birth of APNU with the PNC and the WPA coming together brought psychological comfort to African Guyanese who were anguished at the divisions between PNC supporters of Forbes Burnham and African Guyanese who accept Walter Rodney as a national hero. APNU contested the 2011 elections and the five seats the PNC lost under Robert Corbin in 2006 were recaptured.
The story of APNU after May 2015 is a fascinating one. Months after APNU came to power, Tacuma Ogunseye from the WPA published a newspaper letter in which they accused the APNU leadership council of not meeting. That leadership council has met once since May 2015. It is politically unacceptable anywhere in the world for a large, major political party like the PNC to sit around a table with six other parties and five of those six parties do not exist.
It is appalling and repugnant for the PNC to call a leadership council meeting and, outside of about four people from the WPA that will turn up, the rest of the coalition simply does not exist. There are no functioning entities named Justice for All Party, National Front Alliance, Guyana Action Party and National Democratic Alliance. The brutal reality is that there will be no future leadership council meetings and the PNC as the only living organism in the grouping should not call one.
The Guyanese people should accept the realization that APNU is the PNC. And it is the PNC that will determine if it will use the name in the 2020 election or drop it. One suspects that because of the importance of symbolism, the PNC leadership will continue to use the name even after 2020. But here is when the word caricature will not be too harsh a word to use to describe “this thing” named APNU.
So each year, July comes up and there is not mention of APNU's birth. Last year there was no mention, no celebration, no discussion of the Cummingsburg Accord. It was born on February 14, 2015. February 14 passed by yesterday and there was no full page advertisement lauding the virtues and accomplishments of the Cummingsburg Accord. There was no little get-together to celebrate it at either Congress Place or the AFC head office.
Of course there can be no analogy between the death of APNU and the status of the Cummingsburg Accord. There are two different situations but an infinitesimal similarity does exist with the APNU physiology.
Many in the PNC leadership, and I have heard this said to me and spoken in my presence by top PNC activists, take the position that the 2015 election results proved that the AFC is not a strong electoral party. They point to polling day statistics. In Guyana, after elections, you can find out how many votes you got in each town, village and enclave; GECOM publishes those numbers. This cynical view of the AFC was heightened by the Local Government results where the PPP captured a substantial number of NDCs all over Guyana.
My opinion is that if the AFC did not team up with APNU in 2015, it would have won much more than its seven seats in 2011 and some would have come from both the PPP and APNU. I believe in a three way-race in 2015, the PPP would have returned as a minority government. People in 2015 did not vote for the AFC or APNU; they came out in numbers to vote for a phenomenon called the Coalition. In this sense I would argue that the AFC decision to partner with APNU resulted in the coming to power of the PNC in government. It meant the AFC's role was larger than the actual votes reflected.
Video
This is what's coming up today.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
A police officer stands outside Amesbury Baptist Centre where British police have declared a "major incident" after two people were exposed to an unknown substance, in Amesbury, England, Wednesday July 4, 2018. Police have cordoned off various places in the area that were visited by the affected people before falling ill. Public health officials say there is not believed to be a wider risk to public health. PA via AP Rod Minchin
A new and sad study explores the cryptic intersections of class and race. Via a research group from Stanford University, Harvard University, the Census Bureau and other prestigious organizations, it was concluded that white boys who grow up rich typically remained wealthy as adults. However, Black boys who grew up rich were far more likely to become poor in 99% of the U.S.
The researchers compared 10,000 American men now in their late 30s, split evenly between white and Black, revealing that approximately 20 percent of the Black men who grew up rich became poor as an adult; only 17 percent of Black men who grew up rich remained rich. For white men, 39 percent remained rich, and only 10 percent became poor. Ibram Kendi, a professor and director of the Antiracist Research and Policy Center at American University, told the New York Times, “One of the most popular liberal post-racial ideas is the idea that the fundamental problem is class and not race, and clearly this study explodes that idea, but for whatever reason, we're unwilling to stare racism in the face.”
The numbers were not the same for Black and white girls. Reportedly, their eventual earnings were even, the NYT explained, “While Black women also face negative effects of racism, Black men often experience racial discrimination differently. As early as preschool, they are more likely to be disciplined in school. They are pulled over or detained and searched by police officers more often.”
These stark numbers can be attributed to structural racism. “The research makes clear that there is something unique about the obstacles Black males face. The gap between Hispanics and whites is narrower, and their incomes will converge within a couple of generations if mobility stays the same. Asian-Americans earn more than whites raised at the same income level, or about the same when first-generation immigrants are excluded. Only Native Americans have an income gap comparable to African-Americans. But the disparities are widest for Black boys.”
Hopefully, this study can dismiss the notion that poverty trumps race. Sadly, racism still affects the everyday lives of people from education to heath to wages.
SEE ALSO:
Marielle Franco, Radical Black Female Politician, Executed In Brazil
Megachurch Pastor Says Believing Jesus Is The Only Way To Heaven Is ‘Insanity'
For US politics junkies the current climate in Washington is irresistibly compelling. Rolling coverage of Donald Trump dominates cable news channels, as viewers tune into the latest twists and turns of their presidency.
But for those looking for something a little different there is always Fox News. The station, which remains the most-watched cable news channel in the United States, and is Trump's station of choice, is offering a throwback to the political climate of the 1990s. A seven-part Sunday-night documentary that premiered on January 21st revisits the Bill Clinton presidency.
Scandalous aims to explore the controversies of their time in office, which ultimately led to their impeachment over the Monica Lewinsky scandal, 20 years ago this year, and their trial before the Senate (which acquitted him).
Unsurprisingly, the Fox series does not hold back in its condemnation of the Clintons. From the outset we are reminded of the seriousness of the administration's alleged crimes and failings, told in booming tones that the Clinton presidency represented one of the “greatest scandals in American history”.
So far Scandalous has explored the Whitewater property probe, the suicide of Clinton's close friend and White House lawyer Vince Foster, the appointment of the special investigator Robert Fiske and their replacement by Ken Starr, and the Paula Jones scandal – and we're only on episode two.
Political scandals
Although the series does offer a gentle reminder that political scandals existed before Trump, the timing and message of Scandalous are significant. Fox News, which is highly supportive of Trump, is airing the documentary at a time when the president is themselves facing calls for impeachment and their administration is under investigation by a special counsel.
The series dovetails well with the editorial focus of Fox News and other conservative media outlets, which in recent weeks have been aggressively focusing on alleged anti-Trump bias within the FBI and arguing that the real scandal involves Hillary Clinton.
But while Scandalous may be a perfect example of the Trumpian art of political deflection, as the Mueller investigation moves ever closer to the White House, it does raise important questions about the Clinton legacy, particularly in the #MeToo era.
As the 20th anniversary of the Lewinsky scandal approaches, many commentators, and Democrats, have reflected on the year when Bill Clinton
faced impeachment proceedings.
The Lewinsky scandal had been buried in the annals of recent political history as a partisan effort to bring down a Democratic president, but times have changed. Certainly, it is arguable that Bill Clinton would not have survived now. The most powerful man in the world engaging in inappropriate sexual activity with a 22-year-old intern looks more disturbing through the lens of #MeToo.
‘Different conversation'
The New York senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a close ally of the Clintons and a possible 2020 presidential candidate, was among those who said that Bill Clinton should have stepped down. “It would have been a very different conversation” if the controversy had taken place in 2017, they said in the wake of Harvey Weinstein scandal.
Lewinsky, who is now 44, has spoken of the episode as a nightmare. Writing in the New York Times last year, they recalled how their character and looks were picked apart by the conservative media and how they were threatened with 27 years in jail, having been accused of signing a false affidavit. After the Weinstein scandal broke they tweeted one short line: “#MeToo”.
The episode is also uncomfortable for Hillary Clinton, the symbol of hope for so many women as they came tantalisingly close to becoming the first woman president of the United States. That the would-be president stood by their husband, often attacking their accusers rather than the repeatedly unfaithful and arguably predatory man they had married, was something that surfaced on the edges of their presidential campaign but would, arguably, be more politically toxic in the current climate.
Last week it emerged that Hillary Clinton chose to demote rather than fire an aide on their 2008 campaign who was accused of repeatedly sexually harassing a younger woman subordinate – another unsettling report for their millions of supporters.
As the United States goes through a period of reckoning over sexual harassment and assault in the workplace, the behaviour of Bill Clinton, and their wife's handling of the scandal, look even more disquieting two decades later.
17:00 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Report: Egypt to allow body of Hamas engineer into Gaza Read more Egypt to reportedly allow Hamas member's burial in Gaza despite Israeli request not to until Hadar Goldin and Oron Shaul are returned. ► ◄ Last Briefs
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
2:30 Rep. Mick Mulvaney to Epipen CEO: 'You get what you deserve'
Wells Fargo & Co.'s annual shareholders meeting in Iowa drew a protest march and repeatedly broke into heated exchanges, with critics blasting the bank's scandals, labor practices and financing of gun makers, jails and oil projects. One farmer said the firm is wrecking their soil.
Shareholders weren't swayed.
The gathering in Des Moines ended Tuesday afternoon with a vote showing stronger support for the board than a year ago, and an endorsement of the panel's decision to pay top executives more. Chief Executive Officer Tim Sloan may have more work ahead in their mission to win back public trust -- but investors, at least, aren't rebelling.
“We can't be all things to all people,” Sloan said as the meeting wrapped up. “I know that's frustrating sometimes, but we're going to do our best. And we're absolutely going to listen, and every once in awhile, we'll take your advice.” Some in the audience laughed.
Read more: Wells Fargo executives win support for bigger paychecks
The meeting wasn't quite as raucous as last year's, which went into recess temporarily and suffered other delays when protests erupted. But there were a number of tense, loud and even emotional moments.
At one point, seven protesters chanted: “Wells Fargo you're the worst, put people and planet first,” before they were escorted out by uniformed officers.
Larry Ginter, a 78-year-old farmer from nearby Rhodes, urged the bank to stop working on big oil projects, such as the Dakota Access pipeline, whose parent company Wells Fargo has helped to finance. It's hurting the organic integrity of their soil, which is now producing less, they said.
“You oughta hang your heads in shame,” Ginter told Sloan and the board.
NRA Business
In another contentious moment, Jordan Ash, a researcher with the St. Paul Federation of Teachers, urged the bank to stop doing business with the National Rifle Association and do more to reduce gun violence in the U.S.
Sloan said they declined to meet with the teachers because they made public a letter they sent in response to their concerns without asking their permission. They said after that, a direct meeting “didn't make a whole lot of sense.”
“What we've done is we've promised to engage with our customers that are in that industry. We've had very active dialogue,” Sloan said. “We don't think it's a good idea to allow banks to decide what products and services Americans buy.”
Read more: Teachers union calls out Wells Fargo over gun industry ties
California State Treasurer and gubernatorial candidate John Chiang stood up three times to speak. They pressed the bank's leaders to divulge more information on how Californians were harmed after branch workers opened accounts without customer permission. They called Sloan the wrong person to lead the company.
The CEO “cannot drain the swamp -- they have become it,” Chiang said.
Early in the meeting, Chairman Betsy Duke took to Sloan's defense, calling them the “right CEO for Wells Fargo.” They described their commitment to change as “unwavering,” and said their time with the company is an advantage.
Every board member up for election drew at least 89.9 percent support in a shareholder vote, the bank said, citing preliminary results. Last year, a few directors got less than 60 percent.
This time, investors voted 92.4 percent in favor of the bank's executive compensation plan, another sign of support for management. That compared with 96 percent last year.
Although HFMD is usually mild and self-limited in both children and adults, it is possible for the presentation to be much more severe and, in rare cases, lead to meningitis.
Each month, The Clinical Advisor makes one new clinical feature available ahead of print. Don't forget to take the poll. The results will be published in the next month's issue.
Clinicians frequently see patients with common communicable illnesses. Adult patients with exposure to children may be particularly vulnerable to acquiring childhood ailments. Therefore, it is important that providers who care for adults also be familiar with common childhood illnesses and understand how they manifest in adults. Hand-foot-and-mouth disease (HFMD) is one such common childhood disease. Although HFMD is usually mild and self-limited in both children and adults, it is possible for the presentation to be much more severe and, in rare cases, lead to meningitis. Generally, HFMD presents with the much milder symptoms that are discussed in this review, which can nonetheless be distressing. Included in this exploration of HFMD is a recent case that has been presented to increase clinicians' ability to recognize and treat HFMD within adult populations.
What is HFMD?
HFMD is a communicable disease caused by enteroviruses—most commonly coxsackievirus (CV) A16 or enterovirus (EV) 71.1 It was first described in 1958 during an outbreak in Toronto, Ontario, Canada,2,3 and most commonly occurs in children. HMFD is transmitted via fecal-oral, oral-oral, and respiratory routes. The virus can be found in the saliva, sputum, nasal mucus, blister fluid, and stool of an infected person. The virus quickly spreads through close personal contact, droplets in the air, contact with feces, or contact with contaminated objects, such as doorknobs and toys. Less commonly, HFMD can be transmitted if someone swallows poorly treated water in a swimming pool that has been contaminated with stool containing the virus.4
Epidemiology
HFMD is known worldwide, with reported outbreaks in multiple countries. For example, Australia has reported large outbreaks of EV 71 HFMD since 1986. The most recent outbreak, in which 119 children required hospitalization after presenting with fever, lethargy, myoclonus, and skin rash due to EV 71, lasted from December 2012 until May 2013.5
In the United States, HFMD is not a reportable condition. Thus, full statistics for the prevalence and incidence are not available. Large outbreaks are rare in the United States but often occur in Asia.5 Statistics are maintained in China, and approximately 1,900,000 cases and four deaths were reported in 2015. The World Health Organization provides reports that are available monthly.6
Transmission
The virus has an incubation period of 4 to 6 days, after which fever, malaise, sore throat with vesicles, and then hand vesicles develop. Viremia occurs as the virus replicates at sites, such as the skin, mucous membranes, central nervous system, and other organs.6,7 Although affected people are most contagious during the first week, they can remain infectious for approximately 4 to 8 weeks after the onset of illness because of residual viral shedding in stool.8 Sometimes, people (especially adults) will not have symptoms but can still transmit the virus. HFMD is not transmitted to or from household pets or other animals.4 Transmission is usually between family members. Outbreaks tend to be seasonal in temperate climates, occurring more frequently in spring and summer.3
Signs and symptoms
In the United States, the typical case of HFMD is caused by CV A16 and occurs during the warmer months in children younger than 10 years of age.9 The median age of infected children is 19 months, and only 24% of children present with typical signs and symptoms of HFMD. The children initially have malaise and possibly fever; these are followed by characteristic mucocutaneous vesicular lesions in the oropharynx and on the hands and feet. Resolution of the symptoms and lesions takes 7 to 10 days. Cases may be more severe and prolonged in children younger than 2 years of age, including infants. In a typical case, bullae are rare10; however, one-third of patients present with a rash on their feet or buttocks,11 which resolves in about 1 week.
Complications
Fortunately, complications are uncommon. Fingernail and toenail loss can occur but is temporary, and the nails grow back without treatment.12,13 Rare cases of viral meningitis have been reported that required hospitalization. Even more unusual is encephalitis or paralysis, usually associated with EV 71 infection.14
Coxsackevirus A6 infection
Recently, severe worldwide outbreaks of HFMD have occurred caused by a strain of coxsackievirus that is less common than EV 71 or CV A16. This newly recognized strain, CV A6, affects both children and adults. The CV A6 strain was first identified in Finland in 2008 during a major outbreak of HFMD. Later outbreaks were detected across Asia and Europe.16 One outbreak of CV A6 HFMD occurred in Israel during the winter months16; CV A6 HFMD was diagnosed in five patients between December 2012 and February 2013. The occurrence of this cluster of cases during winter is not typical for HFMD in temperate regions.1 At Boston Children's Hospital in the winter of 2012, eight children between 4 months and 3 years of age had HFMD caused by CV A6. The illness was additionally characterized by perioral lesions and lesions on the dorsal surfaces of the hands.17
Hate comments have been circulating and the relentless bashing of President Donald Trump continues regarding things they said following the violent protests that took place in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
Trump was criticized for both what they did and did not say about the protests.
Chuck Todd at NBC News attacked the President and made remarks like their “deep condolences” to the families of those that were killed in the riots “may have made it worse.”
This all started after our President condemned the “display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides” when they first addressed the situation in Charlottesville.
Ironically Virginia State Police spokesperson Corinne Geller was not criticized for their comments which just so happened to echo Trump's. They blamed the violence on “all sides”:
Geller also revealed they “were launching chemicals into the crowd.”
Coincidentally the former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee defended the President when they needed extra support. They believe that placing the blame on anyone for the deadly car ramming would have been the wrong thing to do. Huckabee actually takes this opportunity to nitpick Barack Obama. Take a look:
The Rankin family was driving down I-480 in Omaha, Nebraska, on May 18, when they spotted a cat clinging to the roof of a van driving in the lane next to them. They were able to alert the drivers of the van so they could pull over and rescue the cat.
The Big Ten seems as if it is destined to follow the ACC down the path of 20 conference games in the near future.
Big Ten commissioner Jim Delany told ESPN earlier this week that the conference is having discussions about whether or not to expand the league schedule, and Michigan State head coach Tom Izzo is quoted in the story as saying that “I don't think there's any question it's going to happen.”
This comes of the heels of the ACC announcing that they will be expanding to a 20 game conference schedule starting in the 2019-20 season.
On the surface, this does have some appeal. This will push the start of conference play up closer to Christmas and almost certainly before the turn of the calendar, meaning that the meat of college basketball's regular season will begin a week earlier for what is arguably the two most relevant and best conferences in the country. It's not necessarily a bad thing for college basketball to try and carve out a larger slice of college football's bowl season.
The problem is that a 20 game league schedule only makes it more difficult for high major programs to challenge themselves in non-conference play.
There are two factors at play here. For starters, more conference games means more potential losses, which makes it that much for difficult to convince coaches that may need to get to 20 wins to save their job (or hit an incentive in their contract) to schedule any quality out of conference opponents. But what will be more difficult to navigate is the requirements put on programs by athletic directors that mandate a certain number of home games during a season. A lot of revenue is generated for the athletic department by playing games at home, and most ADs require a specific number of home games on the schedule to bring in that revenue; and AD's job isn't just to get make their school's sports teams competitive, it is to make sure the athletic department operates in the black or as close to it as possible.
The number that is required differs from school to school, but the industry standard tends to be 16 homes games for the entire season. With an 18 game league schedule, nine are played at home, meaning that seven of the 13 non-conference games would have to be played at home to reach that quota. If there are 20 league games, 10 are played at home and six of the 11 non-conference games would have to be home games.
Now take Michigan State, for example. The Spartans are almost always going to be playing in an exempt event in November in addition to playing in the Champions Classic and the ACC/Big Ten Challenge. In a year where their exempt event has eight teams — like the Maui Invitational or the PK80 tournament in Portland this year — and the Spartans are given a road game in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge, their spot in the Champions Classic means that they suddenly are put into a position where their other six non-conference games must be played in the Breslin Center to hit 16 home games.
They aren't the only power conference school that will feel that schedule crunch, but other high profile programs (Kentucky, UNC, Duke, UCLA, etc.) will feel it as well, meaning home-and-home series between those programs will be less and less likely.
It also makes it that much more unlikely that teams from leagues like the ACC or the Big Ten would ever challenge themselves with a road game against anyone outside of their league, let alone a road game against a mid-major program.
So while it is a good thing to create more conference rivalry games and to reduce, as much as possible, the unbalanced schedules of the bloated power conferences in a post-realignment world, the toll that it will take on the non-conference schedule — further removing high-profile non-conference games from on-campus venues, where college basketball is meant to be played — may make this decision a net-negative in the long run.
Longtime readers of the Slant Pattern know I sometimes enjoy writing about sports that are off the radar of average American sports fans, and I also enjoy writing about competitions that are off the radar of average American sports fans, even if the sport itself isn't.
Today, I'm writing a latter column. If you have a robust cable sports package — or if you subscribe to one of the cord-cutting options that carry it — you may or may not have noticed a channel called GolTV.
As you might infer from the name, it is a soccer channel. But unfortunately for GolTV, they missed out on securing the rights to almost any soccer leagues that carry interest in the U.S. The only European competition they have regular season rights to is the Bundesliga, and even there, they play second fiddle to Fox.
Besides that, they have the rights to main Brazilian soccer league (a good league to be sure, but not very popular outside of Latin America), the Ascenso MX (Mexico's second-level soccer league), the Uruguay League (but only games involving their top two teams, Nacional and Peñarol) and ... the Venezuelan League.
Seriously, the Venezuelan League? Of all the soccer giants of South America, Venezuela is emphatically not one of them. They've never qualified for a World Cup. Baseball is more popular. Their under-20 team did, however, recently make the finals of the U20 World Cup.
So who, exactly, is watching these Venezuelan League matches (available with English play-by-play, at that) besides Venezuelan expats? Nearly no one, I imagine, so I'll step in and fill the void. I'll even care. This tendency of mine, I realize, makes me a sports hipster. And I hate hipsters.
Like a lot of Latin American soccer leagues, the Venezuelan League is split into two sessions — the first half of the season is the "Apertura" and the second half is the "Clausura." The winners of the Apertura and Clausura meet at the end of the year to determine a champion.
The Venezuelan League takes that process a step further. Rather than declaring the team with the best record at the conclusion of the Apertura the champion, there is instead an 8-team playoff. This playoff is done March Madness style — #1 seed vs. #8, #2 vs. #7, and so on. It's a two-legged playoff, meaning one game apiece on each team's home pitch, and whomever is ahead on goal difference (if that's even, away goals; if that's even, a penalty shootout) after the two matches advances to the next round. The same playoff process is repeated after the Clausura, and the winners of the two eight-team playoffs square off in another two-legged tie to determine the year's champion.
So that's how the Venezuelan system works. Got it? At the moment, they are in the midst of the quarterfinals of their post-Apertura tournament. I will now liveblog the second leg of the #1 vs. #8 matchup between top-seeded Deportivo Tachira and #8 Deportiva Guaira. Guaira won the first leg at home, 3-2. That's not bad, but it does mean that they will be eliminated if they lose this second leg on the road by more than one goal, or if they lose today 1-0 or 2-1 (because those scores would mean Tachira scored more away goals) Let's begin!
0' Tachira is known as "The Gold and Black" and is located in San Cristóbal, not far from the Colombian Bborder. La Guaira is located in suburban Caracas and is known as "The Team From The Coast."
0' Two of the assistant refs are women. Cool.
5' The stadium appears to be less than half full, or at least the portions I can see, even though it's the home stadium of the top seed. It's also, according to commentator Lindsey Dean, a "very historic" club that has never been relegated. Again, soccer isn't huge in Venezuela. Still, good energy and drumming from the people who are there.
6' Tachira's shirt sponsor is Simmonds Equipment. Simmonds Equipment, for all your Accommodation Module, Hazardous Area, and Engineering Cabin needs! Have a tricky storage job ahead in Venezuela? Consider Simmonds Equipment! (Sorry, I looked them up on the interwebz and went into a copywriter trance.)
10' Gooooooal for the home side on a counterattack finished off by Jose Reyes following a Guaira corner. 1-0 Tachira and just like that, Tachira leads on aggregate thanks to the away goals tiebreaker.
18' While an injury is being dealt with, the camera pans to different folks in the stands. I always appreciate it when production teams do this. A surprisingly large number of people seem to be eating. A surprisingly large subset of those people are working on cube-shaped lollipops. They also showed several people eating something that looked like a small, fried baguette.
27' Wonderful header by Colombian Zamir Valoyes ties things up for Guaira and gives them the lead again on aggregate.
45' We go to halftime still tied 1-1. I still predict Tachira, the top seed playing at home, will pull this out and advance. But I hope I'm wrong. The run of play was very even in the first half, and if Guaira can pull out another goal, that would complicate things tremendously for Tachira, as it would eliminate their away goals advantage.
52' Props to Guira for staying aggressive as well. They just brought on an additional striker. They could just bunker and try to preserve the 1-1 tie, which would be enough to get them to the semifinals, but they're not.
54' These playoffs are called the "liguilla," which means "little league" in Spanish. The regular season (apertura and clausura) is presumably the big league.
63' Jesus Gonzalez gives Tachira the lead again after deftly sidestepping the keeper. Tachira had been turning up the screws the last 10 minutes or so.
83' After the goal, Tachira seemed to start playing a little flat (after-the-match note: Tachira picked up a red card in the 66th minute, which the GolTV production missed and the English announcer merely wondered why their coach was so incensed. That explains their flatness), and Guaira takes advantage with a goal by Diego Melean on a put-back in the 83rd minute. Now, both teams have scored 2 goals away from home, and Tachira is no longer assured of going through if they take the lead again.
90' The ref gives five minutes extra time, which sounds about right to me. Guaira has done plenty of stalling.
95' Guaira hang on and complete the upset! Where's that gif of Dikembe Mutombo celebrating their eighth-seeded Denver Nuggets knocking out top-seeded Seattle? Here it is!
Sam Smith takes it to church with "Pray," the latest taste from their just-announced forthcoming album The Thrill Of It All. Produced by Timbaland, the gospel-tinged tune fuses the singer's love for soulful R&B and pop.
"I'm young and I'm foolish, I've made bad decisions / I block out the news, turn my back on religion / Have no degree, I'm somewhat naive / I've made it this far on my own / But lately, that shit ain't been gettin' me higher," they muse in the song's first verse. The emotionally driven "Pray" is the second song from Smith's new album, following last month's "Too Good At Goodbyes." The Thrill Of It All, the follow-up to 2014's GRAMMY-winning In The Lonely Hour, will arrive on November 3. It will feature credits from YEBBA, Malay, Stargate, Jason "Poo Bear" Boyd and Smith's longtime collaborator Jimmy Napes, who co-wrote the award-winning "Stay With Me."
Forensic audit flags $184M debt to GPL
… negligence by management allows Bill Direct to walk away scot-free
An experimentation of the Guyana Power and Light Inc. (GPL) with a collection agency has left the state agency $180M poorer.
The company, Bill Direct, is no longer operating and despite a court judgment,
GPL has not been able to recoup the monies.
The transaction is one of several raised in a forensic audit report conducted by Nigel Hinds Financial Services.
It would continue to raise troubling questions about the management of GPL, under the previous administration of the People's Progressive Party/Civic (PPP/C).
A new Government is in place now since May 2015 with Nigel Hinds hired to review the period November 1, 2011 to May 31, 2015.
The Bill Direct transaction was significant enough to engage several pages of the audit report.
It was explained that Bill Direct was singled out for special treatment especially as some $184M will most likely never be recovered.
The forensic audit report is one of several to be handed over to the police for investigations and possible charges against executives of state agencies under the previous government.
There is a new Board and almost new management in place at GPL. It was explained that on February 4, 2008, GPL and Bill Direct entered an agreement for the latter to become an authorized collection agent of the power company.
Bill Direct operated in this capacity until September 11, 2013, when a decision was taken to terminate its contract after it was concluded that GPL was owed $184M.
WARNING SIGNS BUT…
It was explained that Bill Direct began breaching the terms of its agreement with GPL from as early as its first year as an authorized collection agent.
With one year, as at January 31, 2009, it failed to remit $21.47M, which represented an average of 21 days of collections. By February 2010, the next year, this had risen to $56.4M.
By October 31, 2010 unremitted collections by Bill Direct were in excess of $124.5M. This had accumulated to over $180M by April 2011.
An email from Matthew Wade, of Bill Direct to Jason Ali of GPL, dated September 16, 2009, saw the collector offering a number of excuses, including that there were delays in the deposits by the sub-agents to deposit payments of customers on time to the banks.
The forensic auditor said that GPL had a number of options when it realized there was a problem but did little.
Aeshwar Deonarine, GPL's former Deputy Chief Executive Officer (DCEO), had in October 29, 2012, notified the then CEO, Bharat Dindyal, about the issue.
Deonarine has since fled Guyana with fraud charges facing them in the local courts over almost $30M they allegedly paid himself. Dindyal is no longer working at GPL.
The forensic audit report, seen by Kaieteur News, was highly critical that both Dindyal and Deonarine had ample time to address the issue to lessen the risk of increased losses from Bill Direct's unremitted collections.
The two executives allowed the unremitted collections to rise to over $180M and did nothing to stop Bill Direct from continuing to operate as an authorized agent.
“In fact, Bill Direct collected and failed to remit $8,956,390 subsequent to April 2011, at which time its unremitted collections had exceeded G$184 million.”
Negligence
The audit report made it clear that GPL executives demonstrated negligence in dealing with the unremitted collections of Bill Direct by failing to terminate the contract at an earlier date.
The negligence was also evident at the Revenue Management Division, within the Customer Service Department.
The division, as it relates to Bill Direct, was charged with the responsibility of managing the relationship with Bill Direct and other authorized agents.
There were lapses too with the Finance Department when it came to ensuring proper controls in place.
It also appeared that GPL's Finance Department improperly recorded its accounts receivable amounts to cover up the problems.
“The treatment of the amounts outstanding as cash in transit helped to conceal the amount in arrears by Bill Direct. This might have been done to deliberately suppress information from management. It is difficult to determine how this situation was bypassed by so many middle and senior managers.”
Even GPL's Legal Department came in for criticisms. The officials there failed to include some form of collateral or bank guarantee in the agreement between GPL and Bill Direct in an attempt to mitigate the risk of loss in the event that Bill Direct fails to remit collections.
The matter went to court with GPL retaining Timothy Jonas, of de Caires Fitzpatrick & Karran, as its external lawyers to deal with the Bill Direct matter.
It was found that despite the warning signs since 2009, it was only in April 2011 that GPL took actions asking that Dwayne Roach, CEO of Bill Direct, meet with Deonarine. It was requested by Mr. Bharat Dindyal, then CEO of GPL, to meet with Deonarine. Roach in turn hired Mohabir A. Nandlall & Associates as its legal representative for the matter with GPL.
Judgment was granted in favour of GPL on January 11, 2012 against Bill Direct (Guyana) Inc. in the sum of $175.8M with interest at the rate of 15% per annum from September 2, 2011 until fully paid together with cost in the sum of $442,500.
By judgment of court, ordered on July 17, 2013, Republic Bank was ordered to pay over to GPL the balance in the two accounts held there by Bill Direct. This was a paltry $628,519.
Shockingly, the forensic audit said that based on the evidence examined, the garnished amounts were the only collateral that Bill Direct had in Guyana that GPL was able to receive.
“There is no evidence that GPL has recovered any funds towards the unremitted collections from Bill Direct other than the said amount as mentioned above.”
Dindyal, the then CEO paid Timothy Jonas of de Caires Fitzpatrick & Karran over $2M for the legal representation.
The audit report was critical of this transaction also with the lawyer.
“GPL, thus far, has failed to provide the agreement it has with Mr. Timothy. While the abovementioned amount paid to Mr. Jonas represented deposit on legal charges, we are unable to ascertain what the expected or agreed amount for legal services is.”
It was also found that GPL attempted to treat the entire $184M as a Provision for Doubtful Debts in the year 2014, but failed to provide any evidence of authorization.
In 2014, the then Board, chaired by Winston Brassington, recommended that GPL use it resources to collect the monies.
There was little evidence that GPL was inclined to penalize its officials for failing to protect the state owned entity.
A number of recommendations were made by the forensic auditor for GPL to tighten its systems.
The Goleta annex is under review to ensure compliance with the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000
Is your home or office building susceptible to damage from earthquakes, wildfires or floods, or utility service interruption? Do you want to increase the chances that you can recover from disasters and prevent future damage from these and other natural hazards?
Public review and comment is being solicited for the review draft of the Goleta annex to the Santa Barbara County Local Hazard Mitigation Plan 2011 Update.
This annex is under review by the California Emergency Management Agency and the Federal Emergency Management Agency to ensure compliance with the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000 allowing the city to maintain eligibility to receive federal mitigation grant funding.
This plan identifies the primary natural hazards of risk and presents measures to increase resiliency throughout Santa Barbara County.
Click here to view and download the Goleta annex from the city's website. Click here to view the entire Santa Barbara County Local Hazard Mitigation Plan.
Public comments are encouraged. Please direct any questions or comments to the city's consultant, Corinne Bartshire, at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 916.380.3776.
Comments received before Oct. 18 will be considered for incorporation in the plan before adoption by the City Council. Comments received after this date will be held for consideration in future updates to this plan.
For more information, contact City of Goleta public information officer Valerie Kushnerov at 805.961.7507.
— Valerie Kushnerov is a public information officer for the City of Goleta.
Metro Police said they arrested the masked gunman who was seen at the Boulevard Mall Thursday night.
Police arrested 25-year-old Emile Daren Hopson for committing an act of terrorism. Officer Jay Rivera, of Las Vegas Metro police, said their criminal history includes an arrest on April 28 and Feb. 28 for disorderly conduct, jaywalking on Jan. 28 and failure to register as a convicted felon on Jan. 28 in connection with an armed robbery in Illinois.
Police said they recovered Hopson's mask and the gun, which was determined to be fake.
Police said witnesses provided information that helped identify the suspect. They were located at their apartment near the mall.
Several mall employees confirmed to FOX5 that they recognized Hopson. Adding, that they have made threats and been kicked out of the mall before.
According to police, dispatchers received numerous calls about a person with a gun inside the mall at about 7 p.m.
Arriving officers evacuated the mall and with the help of security, obtained surveillance video of Hopson. Police surrounded the mall and made sure they were not inside.
Detectives learned that Hopson pointed their rifle at numerous people inside the mall.
Nobody was injured and no shots were fired as of 8:24 p.m., police said.
Metro said they conducted four searches and were initially unable to locate Hopson. They used their tactical team and K9 to try to find him.
Police said it was not an active shooter situation and they did not know the Hopson's intent.
Streets were closed in the area but have since reopened. As of 10:30 p.m. Thursday, police said they did not believe Hopson was still inside the mall and "people in the area should not be concerned." They also said people can return to the mall to get their cars parked there.
Witness Cory Mathews shared their experiences.
"We were just celebrating my son's birthday at the rec center: bumper cars, golf, rock climbing, laser tag, we heard some commotion going on. Three minutes later police came in with guns. First they told us to get to a safe place, and they told us to put our hands up, and escorted us out."
"(Seeing armed officers) you just hope everything is alright, it's obviously something to be concerned about. My concern really is, for my children. You want to make sure everything is going to be ok. I hope no one's hurt."
"If (the kids) didn't see me panic, they wouldn't panic. I guess that's kind of the good thing about it. If I had shown any kinds of fear, something like that" "We did hear some noise, but what we heard was the police, had to get into an area where we would be safe."
"At least 10 officers had their guns drawn, they were looking for someone." "Snipers (had) handguns, shotguns, they have some artillery."
"I'm just praying everything is ok, that there are no casualties, no one really harmed, just praying that everyone makes it out safely tonight."
"First there was a little confusion, but for the most part people were pretty calm, you can extinguish times for being stalling and afraid, it makes you want to stand still and you know what I mean.
Many officers had guns drawn as they were stationed outside the mall on Maryland Parkway near Desert Inn Road, just north of UNLV.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
This story is about Published 45m
How Cowboys secondary fared vs. Giants without 10-year veteran Orlando Scandrick Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Tom Fox/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys cornerback Jourdan Lewis (27) broke a pass intended for New York Giants running back Roger Lewis (18) during the third quarter at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, Sunday, December 10, 2017. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
By Kate Hairopoulos , Staff Writer Contact Kate Hairopoulos on Twitter: @khairopoulos
With 10-year veteran Orlando Scandrick out with two transverse process fractures in their back, the Cowboys started three rookie cornerbacks Sunday.
Jourdan Lewis played 78 snaps (98 percent), the most of any defensive player. Xavier Woods played 63 snaps, mostly at nickel back. Chidobe Awuzie played 58 snaps, rotating some with second-year player Anthony Brown because the Cowboys are mindful of a hamstring injury that limited Awuzie for much of the season. In addition, starting safety Byron Jones played only 60 percent of the snaps as the Cowboys continue to work in second-year player Kavon Frazier, who played in 44 percent of the defensive snaps. Jeff Heath, at the other safety, played 96 percent of the snaps and recorded 10 tackles. Lewis finished with six tackles and three passes defended. Woods had four tackles, one tackle for loss. Awuzie had three tackles and one pass defended.
"They're doing OK," coach Jason Garrett said. "Each of those guys did a good job when they threw the ball to them. Their ability to make plays on the ball showed up." The Cowboys mostly limited big plays against quarterback Eli Manning and a hurting Giants offense, but did allow a 35-yard completion to tight end Evan Engram in the second quarter. Woods blitzed, but they didn't get there in time, and Manning made Dallas pay, finding Engram open between Brown and Heath. "It was a big play that they had and it was just matching the route," Garrett said. "Something that we're going to work on and get better at." Scandrick is day-to-day ahead of Sunday's game at Oakland, Garrett said. They didn't practice at all last week.
By Simon Ebegbulem
BENIN CITY—THE Edo State Police Commissioner, Mr Haliru Gwandu, weekend, disclosed that security had been beefed up on the Benin-Lagos express road with the deployment of Armoured Personnel Carrier, APC, which they said now patrols the road.
The Police Commissioner also disclosed that suspected cultists and not armed robbers killed the reporter of the Nigerian Television Authority, NTA, in Edo State, Mr Lawrence Okojie, who was laid to rest in their village, Olinlin-Uzea, Esan North East Local Government Area of Edo State, weekend.
Gwandu while parading 70 suspected armed robbers, cultists and kidnappers in Benin City, noted that the incessant robbery attacks on the Benin-Lagos express road had been checked “because we are now patrolling the area with APC and that is why if you look in the past two months, there had been no robbery attack on that road.
“We have seen enough peace here in the past two months. In the past, we received incessant reports of attacks, especially on the Benin-Ore express road, but today, that is no longer the case because of the measures we had put in place.”
On the killers of the NTA reporter, Gwandu said: “It was a cult related matter, the cultists were fighting around that area and unfortunately the NTA reporter ran into their shooting and they were killed while they were trekking back home after work. But, we were able to arrest the guy who gunned them down. The guy is cooling in prison right now because it was a clear case of murder.”
“God has touched the minds of people to help us with good information and we have been able to make so many arrests, recovered ammunitions. The statistics we have nine cases of armed robbery reported and we arrested 36 of the suspects. We have recovered so many exhibits. Under kidnapping, we have received six cases of kidnapping and we apprehended 18 suspects.”
A Southern California man suffered major injuries Sunday when their pick-up truck overturned on Highway 101 west of Goleta, according to the California Highway Patrol.
Mark J. Oostdam, 21, of San Jacinto was southbound near Tajiguas Road shortly after 11 a.m. when they allowed their 2007 Ford F-150 to drift into the center median, said Officer James Richards.
The truck overturned and came to rest on its roof.
Oostdam suffered major head and neck injuries, and was transported to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital.
Oostdam subsequently was arrested on suspicion of driving while intoxicated, Richards said.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Masterminding online smear campaign
By Joseph Erunke and Dennis Agbo
The Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, has accused a former Chief Judge of Enugu State, and a senior aide of President Muhammadu Buhari of being the masterminds of an online smear campaign directed against him.
In a statement “This Too Shall Pass”, Ekweremadu said:
“I would have continued to ignore them, but for the concern of my well-wishers. Therefore, the public may wish to know as follows:
According to them the former Chief Judge of Enugu State, in their capacity as the Chief Judge together with a lawyer and in connivance with some politicians, broke into the Probate Registry, Enugu, took away my will, and left behind a photocopy.
“They copied the properties listed in the will and added many imaginary properties and started churning out baseless petitions to government agencies and officials.
“In their petition to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, for instance, they claimed, in a demonstration of gross ignorance, that I was given money by the Federal Government to develop the South East geopolitical zone, but that I used it to purchase 32 properties.
“They sent similar petitions to Mr. President, the Vice President, Senate President, Attorney-General of the Federation, Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission, Code of Conduct Bureau, Director-General of the Department of State Security, Inspector-General of Police, Commissioner of Police (Enugu), among others.
“(Chief Judge) has also, in several other petitions, attacked myself and my family. They also, at some point, accused me of killing several people, which the office of the Inspector-General of Police investigated; and probably, they will soon face appropriate charges bordering on false information.
“Let me, therefore, call on all those, who are concerned about this smear campaign, not to worry. This too shall pass. History will vindicate the just and the wicked will never go unpunished”.
Cathedral Oaks Athletic Club will host the Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce's July Business-2-Business Breakfast from 7:30 to 9:30 a.m. July 2 in Warren Hall at the Earl Warren Showgrounds, 3400 Calle Real in Santa Barbara.
B2B is held in a new room — formerly, Earl's Place, Woody's and Satellite wagering. Please take the same entrance into Earl Warren (Los Positas) but drive straight past the former parking lot and building. When you can't go straight anymore, turn left and park near the building. There will be signs.
Cathedral Oaks Athletic Club is a full-service tennis, swim and fitness club in Goleta. Find out more about classes and amenities it has to offer.
Attendees will be provided an opportunity to introduce themselves and their business in a 20-second elevator pitch to the crowd.
A hot breakfast from Marmalade Cafe, coffee from Zizzo's and water from Team Cashman of State Farm will be served promptly at 7:30 a.m.
The cost is $5 for Ambassadors, $20 for members and $25 for nonmembers.
Attendees must RSVP by noon this Friday to get on the hot sheet. Click here to register. For more information, call 805.967.2500 x5 or email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
A Mets superfan became the face of Penn Station commuter madness Tuesday with an exasperated rant about missing the start of Opening Day because of a derailment problem.
Frank Fleming, 41, tore the New Jersey Transit system a new one in a voice-cracking, zinger-filled tirade — ala Chris Farley's motivational-speaking character Matt Foley from SNL— that went viral after they spent a total of nearly 10 hours on trains Monday.
“It was ridiculous!” Belleville, NJ resident fumed to The Post.
“I was stuck in a tunnel underground for almost 5 hours before the game with this terrible buzzing sound in my ear. And then they announce the wrong tracks are open — they're sending us running around everywhere — and I had to get an Uber. I ended up missing the opening ceremony, and the opening pitch, which is the best part,” they said, still seething.
By the time the game ended, the train trouble still hadn't been fixed, so they suffered through another grueling 4.5-hour ride back to New Jersey, they said.
“I'm tellin' you, it was like that movie ‘Planes, Trains and Automobiles' — only it was subways, PATHs and Ubers!” the Belleville, NJ resident ranted. “New Jersey Transit is the worst! They need to get it together!”
On Tuesday, the NJ Transit announced it was operating on a holiday schedule, creating more delays at Penn Station and further enraging the baseball buff.
“It's been 24 hours now, and it's still not clear. That is totally crazy,” they said.
Fleming, a court clerk who also runs the blog Sportsecyclopedia.com, said the best way to fix the troubled transit system is to hire a private firm to run it.
“If you contract it out to private companies that usually helps because they're forced to do better. I think they need a rival company. When it's run by the government, they can be as terrible as they want,” they said.
Ultimately, they said the nightmarish 10-hour journey could have been worse — noting, “It was worth it because the Mets won.”
A video of Fleming's heated pre-game interview with NBC had raked in thousands of views online Tuesday. In it, they rage about the transit system, shouting, “They are incompetent!”
The new fiscal year 2013-14 Santa Barbara County Grand Jury will be sworn into office at 10:30 a.m. Friday in Department 2 on the second floor of the Superior Court in Santa Barbara.
The Superior Court's presiding judge, the Honorable Arthur Garcia, will oversee the ceremonies, which will include the discharge of the outgoing 2012-13 Grand Jury that released several reports during its term in office.
The public is invited to attend.
The Civil Grand Jury is a unique institution whose primary purpose is to act as a “watchdog” of local government and make recommendations for improvements. The 19-member Civil Grand Jury is comprised of citizen volunteers who will serve for a one-year period. Four jurors from the fiscal year 2012-13 Grand Jury will be “held over” for a second year of service under a special provision of law in order to provide continuity and “institutional memory” for the new Grand Jury members.
— Angela Braun represents the Santa Barbara County Superior Court.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Getting your foot on the career ladder can be tough.
Not only is there strong competition, but it can be daunting too.
With research from the British Chambers of Commerce highlighting that 76% of businesses in the UK say they have a shortage of digital skills in their workforce, there is an opportunity for you to stand out from the rest by sharpening your online skills.
Xia Liu, 21, a student in their final year at the University of Warwick, visited the Google Digital Garage in Birmingham to learn new digital skills to strengthen their CV.
After attending most of the courses at the Google Digital Garage, such as ‘Introduction to Coding', and completing Google's online course in ‘Digital Fundamentals', Xia was thrilled to be got a job with TEDx Warwick, as a website developer on the digital team.
Here are 5 ways in which you can use digital skills to help you find your first job:
1. Be professional
Make sure you appear as professional online as you would in person. You could have an amazing CV, but if you're sending it from an email address beginning with ‘MissJellyBean88', your hard work risks could be wasted on an employer who won't take you seriously.
2. What happens online stays
A recent survey found that 70% of employers check out potential employees on social media when looking to hire them.
Even if you have a strong CV and impressed in your interview, inappropriate public photos or posts could affect your chances of getting that dream job.
Manage your reputation online by learning how to use privacy settings appropriately and being mindful of what you share.
These are the FREE face-to-face courses that Google Digital Garage is offering in Birmingham this week
3. Create a strong CV
It is important to have a professional looking CV that details your work experience and qualifications.
Thanks to online platforms and tools, it has never been easier to get creative when selling yourself to potential employers.
If you have a blog and you are proud of your work, add a link to it.
If you're applying for a job in the creative industries, attach images of your creative work.
Some employers now accept video CVs, so try pitching yourself to potential employers by uploading one to YouTube.
Improve your digital skills for FREE with Google in Birmingham - here's how
4. Use social media to your advantage
Used effectively, social media can help you find the job you want. Platforms like LinkedIn are a great way to connect with future employers and display your skills to recruiters.
You can also use social media to showcase your talents.
If you're a keen photographer and want more people to see your work, share examples of it on platforms such as Flickr and Instagram, engage with groups and communities on Facebook or use Twitter to connect with fellow photographers in the industry.
5. Don't be afraid to ask for help
It can be hard to ask for help when it comes to digital skills, especially if you're young – people expect you to just know this stuff. But, help is out there.
The Google Digital Garage is open on 134B New St, Birmingham B2 4NS. Expert coaches are there to answer any questions you have about creating your CV or improving your digital skills.
You can book a spot on one of many face-to-face courses for free via the URL here
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
2:02
Everything is different for real estate agents in the $1 million market
3:01
Meridian Mayor talks about finding a balance between 'rooftops and jobs'
2:50
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
1:03 Gun shop owner defends security barriers
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
Florida and Texas are the two states expected to suffer the greatest economic damage from climate change, according to a new study from Science magazine.
The study used a model that aimed to calculate the future impact on each state's gross domestic product (GDP) from events including hurricanes, storm surges, changes in agricultural yields, changing electricity demands, changes in mortality rates, changes to the labor supply, rising sea levels and rising crime rates.
Read also: Calamitous weather destroyed $175 billion of wealth
Researchers calculated that Florida will lose $100.9 billion from GDP due to climate change, while Texas will lose $100.7 billion.
California comes in third place at an expected impact of $59.6 billion. California has recently suffered a severe drought, as well as devastating wildfires, that caused billions of dollars in damages to homes. New York, still recovering from the damage caused by Hurricane Sandy in 2012, comes in fourth place with estimated losses of $54.7 billion.
While coastal states are expected to lose the most as sea levels rise and warmer ocean temperatures make hurricanes stronger, states in the middle of the country are also expected to suffer billion-dollar hits to growth as tornadoes become more frequent.
Also: Repeat offender Los Angeles, Phoenix and New York among the most polluted cities in the U.S.
Rhode Island is an exception as a coastal state with a low estimated loss of just $200 million, the study found. However, Rhode Island is one is the smallest of the 50 U.S. states. Equally, Wyoming, which is also expected to lose just $200 million, is the least-populated state.
The study comes amid a concerted effort by climate activists to help the U.S. meet the goals of the Paris Accord of limiting temperature change to below 2 degrees Celsius by reducing greenhouse gas emissions. That goal has been put at risk by President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the treaty.
On Sunday, former New York Mayor and billionaire Michael Bloomberg said they would donate $4.5 million of their own money to the UN Climate Change Secretariat, which helps other countries implement their Paris Agreement commitments.
Meanwhile, more companies are including disclosures on climate-change risk in their financial reporting and many are adopting sustainability programs and goals. Nonprofit Ceres says they are not still not moving fast enough, however, to affect real change.
See: Companies are talking more about their climate-change risks, but it's not much help to investors — so far
On Tuesday, that effort won fresh support when Legal and General Investment Management, one of Europe's biggest investors with assets under management of almost £1 trillion, said it is preparing to name and shame companies that do not pursue sustainability goals and will stop investing in their shares.
The firm is first planning to “name and fame” companies that have performed well, Helena Morrissey, head of personal investing, told a London conference.
“Climate change risk is a financial risk — in the last six years, coal companies have lost 75pc of their value,” they said.
See also: How to invest in water: A long-term bet on an essential commodity with limited supply
Read now: Apple's new robot eats iPhones — but smartphones are still bad for the environment
(WSVN) - (WSVN) – Who said you can't find love thousands of feet in the air? Twitter user Rosey Blair shared an entire thread of messages proving that true love may find its way between two strangers on a flight.
On Tuesday morning, Blair wrote, “Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together. We made a joke that maybe their new seat partner would be the love of their life and well, now I present you with this thread.”
Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together. We made a joke that maybe their new seat partner would be the love of their life and well, now I present you with this thread. — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 3, 2018
The thread has amassed nearly 200,000 retweets and nearly half a million likes. The thread is full of photos of a couple videos.
Check out the thread below:
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CLOSE Benton's Garrett Hable Jimmy Watson/The Times
Airline's Ryder Meadows was selected to the LHSAA Composite Academic All-State team. (Photo: Contributed photo)
Airline's Ryder Meadows didn't get to play their final football game on the turf inside the Mercedes-Benz Superdome last week, but they earned an even greater honor during halftime of the LHSAA Class 5A state championship game between Zachary and Hahnville.
Meadows, an offensive lineman who plans to attend LSU and major in pre-med, was one of just five student-athletes from Caddo and Bossier parishes earning 2017 LHSAA Composite Academic All-State honors for their classroom success during their careers. To receive the recognition, an athlete could not have a “B” on their transcript. During halftime of the respective LHSAA games for Classes 1A through 5A last week, the honorees received their time in the spotlight.
“It's something not many people get to do, so I felt really honored,” said Meadows, who was preparing pizzas at Papa Murphys Monday afternoon. “It was cool to see my face on the big screen – and people told me they saw me on TV.”
Meadows joined teammate Jacob Tuberville, Benton's Garrett Hable and Dylan Plunkett and Calvary's Evan Gibson as the composite honorees.
Buy Photo Calvary deep snapper Evan Gibson (Photo: Jimmy Watson/The Times)
“It shows I was putting forth the effort in the classroom as well as on the football field,” said Gibson, who is awaiting scholarship offers as one of the top deep-snappers in the state. “I had some pretty tough classes during my four years, so there were times when it was a little shaky to keep the 4.0.
“I had to give up hanging with friends sometimes to maintain it.”
Gibson has attended a number of kicking camps over the past year and received high marks in several of them for their football talent.
“I want to play at the next level,” they said. “If I don't receive a scholarship offer, I'll probably go somewhere and walk on.”
Benton's Garrett Hable (Photo: Contributed photo)
Hable was crafty enough to lead Benton to an undefeated regular season and will be one of the quarterbacks in this weekend's LHSCA All-Star football game in Ruston.
“It's just an honor to be one of the few to achieve that accomplishment,” Hable said. Minden speedster Patrick Heard, who is considering scholarship offers from Army and McNeese, was inspired by seeing an LHSAA academic award ceremony several years ago in the Superdome.
“I thought that was pretty cool and I wanted it for myself, so I decided to go for it,” Heard said. “It was pretty tough keeping the 4.0. It wasn't necessarily about intelligence – it was just about working hard and sticking with it.”
Minden's Patrick Heard (22) runs against the Benton Tigers. (Photo: Times File Photo)
2017 All-Academic Composite Football Team
Ryder Meadows, Airline, 4.00
Jacob Tuberville, Airline, 4.00
Garrett Hable, Benton, 4.00
Dylan Plunkett, Benton, 4.00
Evan Gibson, Calvary, 4.00
Benjamin Slusher, Cedar Creek, 4.00
Zachary Lites, Many, 4.00
James Heard, Minden, 4.00
Josh Fortenberry, Natchitoches Central, 4.00
Isaiah Rhodes, Ruston, 4.00
Jacob Seal, Ruston, 4.00
Jeremy Friedel, St. Mary's, 4.00
Jay Parker, St. Mary's, 4.00
Note: To earn composite team honors, a student-athlete's six-semester GPA must be an un-weighted 4.00. These students cannot have an "B" on their transcript. Honors classes were not considered.
Buy Photo Captain Shreve's Will Adcock made the the LHSAA Academic All-State team. (Photo: Jimmy Watson/The Times)
2017 Academic All-State Football Team
LHSAA Class 5A & Division I
David Madix, Ruston 3.9714; Brian Engelke, Airline, 3.95; Brennon Bockhaus, Haughton, 3.923; Jalen Garrison, Ruston, 3.9189; Noah White, Ruston, 3.9167; Ryan Price, Byrd, 3.9069; Anassas Anderson, Byrd, 3.8979; James Welch, Byrd, 3.8888; Taranjit Singh, Byrd, 3.8750; Antonio Aaron, NCHS, 3.8750; Ryley Thompson, Evangel, 3.85; Derilyn Flanagin, NCHS, 3.8461; Tucker Gardner, Byrd, 3.8139; Brady Bogues, Parkway, 3.81; James Prock, Airline, 3.77; Wyatt Johnson, Evangel, 3.75; Harrison Voigt, Haughton, 3.75; Amarea Young, Southwood, 3.7272; Blake Nyswaner, Haughton, 3.7100; Tanner Talmadge, Airline, 3.68; Cole Melvin, Haughton, 3.68; Will Adcock, Captain Shreve, 3.6667; Kyle Hanley, Ruston, 3.6571; Shemarr Rice, NCHS, 3.64; Harrison Tauzin, Airline, 3.62; Brock Hernandez, Byrd, 3.6136; Samuel Miletello, Byrd, 3.6136; Jarrick Bernard, Evangel, 3.60; Steven Harris, NCHS, 3.5961; Hunter Harlan, Haughton, 3.58; Stephen Smith, Captain Shreve, 3.5778; Zavier Cooper, Ruston, 3.5681; Braden Thibodeaux, Airline, 3.56; Bobby Bell III, Evangel, 3.55; JaCoby Taylor, Parkway, 3.5476; Darrell Evans, Airline, 3.52; Hunter Mathews, Airline, 3.50; Parker Brooks, Byrd, 3.50.
CLOSE Benton's Brooks Cram talks about beating Woodlawn Jimmy Watson/The Times
LHSAA Class 4A & Division II
Garrett Jacobs, Benton, 3.96; Joshua Simmons, Benton, 3.96; Jayluan Smith, BTW, 3.9545; Sidney Smith, Benton, 3.92; Gregory Wilson, Northwood, 3.8990; Quinton Smith, Bossier, 3.8620; Brooks Cram, Benton, 3.85; Malcom Johnson-Blalock, Minden, 3.8461; Latravion Wright, BTW, 3.7826; Walker Hardy, Minden, 3.7307; William Cox, Benton, 3.73; Jamaro Howard, BTW, 3.7174; Colton Connor, Northwood, 3.70; Rodney Johnson, Minden, 3.6923; Doyle Adams, Benton, 3.68; Christopher Collins, Northood, 3.65; Tahje Green, BTW, 3.6364; Jackson Pharr, Benton, 3.60; D'Treyveon Williams, Woodlawn, 3.5910; Gregory Myles, BTW, 3.5814; Jakarious Fair, Bossier, 3.5770; Nicholas Gorham, North DeSoto, 3.5678; Matthew Callendar, Northwood, 3.50; Sawyer Cranford, Northwood, 3.50; Antonio Whitaker, Northwood, 3.50.
Buy Photo Green Oaks' wide receiver Kenric Jackson (Photo: Jimmy Watson/The Times)
LHSAA Class 3A
Bennett Hodges, Loyola, 3.9762; Drew Dethloff, Loyola, 3.9524; Kenric Jackson, Green Oaks, 3.8478.
Peyton Manning poses with the Male Powerlifting Player of the Year Award winner Jack Tyndall (Calvary) at the Shreveport Times Sports Awards at the Shreveport Convention Center in Shreveport, Monday, May 15, 2017. (Photo: Hannah Baldwin, Hannah Baldwin/USA Today Network)
LHSAA Class 2A & Division III
Jack Tyndall, Calvary, 3.9787; Bradley Harris, Many, 3.9231; Timothy Early, Many, 3.8546; Jaykob Stewart, Lakeside, 3.8076; Marc Brock, North Caddo, 3.6739; Lakendrick Ross, Mansfield, 3.6458; Sebastian Cranford, North Caddo, 3.6428; John May, Calvary, 3.6383; Chas Pilcher, Many, 3.6364; Gavin Jones, Lakeside, 3.6250; Parker Brown, Calvary, 3.6170; Devin Washington, Mansfield, 3.5384; Christian Manno, Calvary, 3.50.
LHSAA Class 1A and Division IV
Elijah Brown, Cedar Creek, 3.9999; John Howell, St. Mary's 3.9565; David Thibodaux, St. Mary's, 3.9130; Bailey Shelton, St. Mary's 3.7391; Nicholas Torrent, St. Mary's, 3.6087; Jack Wright, St. Mary's, 3.5217.
Note: In order to be selected to the 2017 LHSAA Academic All-State team, the student had to be a senior, played football for two years, and achieved a six-semester cumulative grade point average of at least 3.5 or better based on a 4.0 scale.
Twitter: @JimmyWatson6
GARDAÍ ARE APPEALING for witnesses to a single-vehicle collision in which a man in their 70s died to come forward.
At about 1.45pm today gardaí and local fire and emergency services were called to the scene of the collision at Lakeview, Castleblayney, Co Monaghan.
It is understood that the man's car left the road and struck a wall. They were the sole occupant of the car and was pronounced dead at the scene a short time later.
Their body was removed to Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital in Drogheda, where a post-mortem examination will be carried out. Garda forensic collision investigators are examining the crash site and local diversions are in place. The local coroner has been notified.
Anyone with information has been asked to contact Castleblayney Garda Station on 042 974 7902, the Garda Confidential Line on 1800 666 111 or any garda station.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Birmingham City manager Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to become boss at League One side Bury.
The announcement came this afternoon as the Shakers agreed a compensation package with the Scottish Premiership side.
The 44-year-old had been in charge at Rugby Park since February 2016, when they replaced Gary Locke.
They kept Killie in the Premiership last season, via a play-off and leaves them in sixth place.
Bury is in the relegation zone in the third tier and Clark will be on the sidelines for the game against Chesterfield on Saturday.
“Lee is someone who I have followed through their playing and managerial career,” said Bury chairperson Stewart Day.
“I firmly believe that Lee is the right man and they have an enthusiasm and passionate desire to take this club forward.
“I was overwhelmed with their knowledge of the club and the contacts they have in the game and how they believe in what we can achieve together.”
Clark was manager at Blues from June 2012 to October 2014 and is best remembered for the final day relegation dodge at Bolton in May 2014.
They spent time with Blackpool before moving to Kilmarnock.
They will join former Blues striker James Vaughan at Bury - and could face Blues prodigy Reece Brown in their first match, the youngster is on loan at Chesterfield.
Sustainability decision makers, officials and representatives from organizations throughout the Santa Barbara area will gather for the inaugural South Coast Sustainability Summit at UCSB from 8:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 13.
The summit, to be held at UCSB's Loma Paloma Conference Center, will bring together officials and staff members from area municipalities and community organizations to discuss common issues in energy, transportation, waste and water management.
“We want to get people from UCSB, Santa Barbara, Carpinteria, Goleta and the county to talk to each other, to learn from each other and, hopefully in the future, to pair our resources and become partners,” said Jasmine Syed, sustainability coordinator at UCSB and the conference organizer. “It's all about sharing and building partnerships.”
After a welcome address at 9 a.m. by Ron Cortez, associate vice chancellor of administrative services at UCSB and co-chairperson of the Chancellor's Sustainability Committee, the summit will kick off with an opening plenary session. Featured speakers will be Dave Davis, executive director of the Santa Barbara Community Environmental Council, a nonprofit organization dedicated to raising awareness about the most pressing environmental issues that affect the Santa Barbara region; and Mark Heintz, director of corporate responsibility and sustainability at Deckers Outdoors Corp. of Goleta.
The summit will feature two panel discussion sessions. From 10 to 11:15 a.m., the session topics will include innovative projects in energy efficiency, expanding reclaimed water and an examination of what zero waste looks like on the South Coast. From 11:30 a.m. to 12:45 p.m., the session will include topics such as best practices in carpool rideshare programs, water quality improvements and financing renewable energy.
Panels will include staff members from the city of Goleta, Santa Barbara County, the city of Santa Barbara, the Goleta Water District and the Santa Barbara County Association of Governments. UCSB's representatives will include speakers from the Institute for Energy Efficiency, Associated Students, Housing & Residential Services, Facilities, and the Cheadle Center for Biodiversity and Ecological Restoration.
At 1 p.m., the closing plenary speech will be delivered by representatives from the South Coast Energy Efficiency Partnership (SCEEP). The event will conclude with a career panel discussion from 2 to 3 p.m. for students interested in green careers in private industry.
“This is so exciting to see UCSB and cities working together to share ideas, best practices and proven approaches for improving the environment,” Cortez said. “Because we share the same water, air and land, we hope the South Coast Sustainability Summit will provide a strong foundation for us to collaboratively address complex environmental issues. During these tough fiscal times, these types of collaborative efforts become even more important in order to ensure we can continue to provide cost-effective ‘green' solutions for the South Coast.”
Bruce Tiffney, dean of UCSB's College of Creative Studies and co-chairperson of the Chancellor's Sustainability Committee, said: “Sustainability is not achieved in a vacuum, and I am delighted with this venue to share practical and theoretical experience to better manage our common natural and human resources of our community and campus. UC Santa Barbara brings a tradition of environmental concern to the table, together with the expertise of many faculty members, ranging from photovoltaic to water resources, social justice and sustainable agriculture.
“Perhaps most important,” Tiffney added, “this summit provides the opportunity to educate our students and engage them as future citizens of our community, state and planet in taking practical actions to move ‘sustainability' from a concept to a way of life.”
The event is co-sponsored by SCEEP and MarBorg Industries. Planners are hoping that the summit will become an annual event, though UCSB might not be the host every year. The summit is not open to the public.
As the years add up, I suppose most people reflect from time to time on both the high and low points in their lives, as well as those special experiences that may have changed or influenced them in some way. In my case, as I approach my 83rd birthday, one such experience was my involvement with the United Cerebral Palsy Association of Los Angeles County during the late 1960s and early ‘70s.
It started when the company I was working for at the time (in downtown Los Angeles) joined with other major corporations in the area to lend employees to a program that provided full-time personnel to various charities for a period of six months. In my case, I was assigned to UCPA to plan a move of its offices to a new location.
As a result of that assignment, and after I had moved on to pursue a career in the accounting profession, I was invited to join the UCPA's Board of Directors. At the time, I didn't know much more about its work than what I had learned some years earlier in the course of helping move its facility.
In those days, the board was somewhat large, about 25 members, many of whom had children or family who were afflicted with cerebral palsy, and the meetings were often very contentious. Long story short, as I became more involved, the disagreements reached a point where another board member, who was president of the AFL-CIO union of Los Angeles County, and I reacted to an argument and stepped in to mediate. The result was that I suddenly found myself elected president of the organization.
My involvement spanned a period of about seven years, including 4½ years as president, and it was an experience that changed my life. Not so much serving on the board of directors or being president, but the exposure to the individuals who suffered with CP and their families.
A little background might help provide some perspective:
» 1) About one-third of all the children who are born with CP are (or were) also mentally disabled, some quite severely.
» 2) In the l960s, researchers found that one of the major causes of CP was German measles during pregnancy. As a result, after a vaccine was developed and became widely available, the incidence of CP at birth dropped by about one-third.
» 3) The degree of disability varies widely in those who are afflicted with CP, ranging from relatively minor physical problems to severe disability that may make it difficult or impossible for some victims to stand or walk, communicate effectively and/or may make them wheelchair bound.
» 4) The incidence of divorce in families with CP children was significantly higher than the general population. Don Imus recently noted that it is up about 80 percent in families that have a child with major health problems, such as cancer.
However, perhaps the most compelling fact about children with CP is their loving and trusting nature. They invariably seem to want to establish a connection with others. Initially, at least for me, given my nature, it was a bit difficult to relate to them, but that improved over time.
At first, as a board member, I didn't have much contact with the children or adults who had CP. The primary focus of our role was raising money, in which I became very active.
However, over time, as president, I became increasingly involved with the services and developing living facilities for CP patients. The impact of that experience changed my life. For the better, I might add.
Not only did it increase my understanding and appreciation for people who have serious health problems, but also for the families who, through no fault of their own, had to cope with the difficulties of raising a child with a severe handicap, but also had the added burden of providing for their permanent care when they (the parents) were no longer able or available to look after them. It is one thing to be responsible for caring for a child, but quite another to ensure the long-term care of that child when they become an adult.
If you are lucky enough to have or had children who are (were) healthy, active and relatively free of health problems, you might give some thought to how much different your life would be or might have been if you had the added responsibility of not only looking after a seriously involved child for years on end but also finding a way to care for them after you are no longer able or available to do so. The cost of dealing with these problems can be overwhelming and is often far beyond the financial resources of many of the parents who have CP children. The day-to-day responsibility of caring for their child often becomes the central focus of their lives and can be overwhelming.
My life has never been the same because of my experience with cerebral palsy, and I am grateful for it. The lessons I learned about coping with adversity from both the victims of CP and their parents changed me in ways I did not recognize until later in my life, and as the years passed, it led me to look for new opportunities to serve others in the communities where I have lived.
— Harris R. Sherline is a retired CPA and former chairperson and CEO of Santa Ynez Valley Hospital who as lived in Santa Barbara County for more than 30 years. They stay active writing opinion columns and their blog, Opinionfest.com.
by
My iPhone ringer has been on 24-7 on its loudest setting for nearly two months and I have no intention of turning it down anytime soon. I thought as an empty-nester I would not need to have my phone near me at all times of day and night but I have since changed my mind. Adult children living in places near and far, or travelling to places near and far, feel secure knowing that the red roof inn is monitoring their whereabouts.
On August 11, my youngest left on a trip out west on a quest to find the best trout fishing in Montana, Wyoming, Idaho, and now, British Columbia. You can read about their adventures with their black lab Boh on their blog at thefishwhistler.com. My temporarily jobless, homeless son, who says they have never been happier writing and fishing, has been communicating more than normal – which I love – but it is always in the midnight to 2 a.m. time frame when their day out west is winding down and I am in bed. They told me they have been “finding out how much you really need, versus what you think you need.” An idealist and a realist all in one.
Last week my oldest, who believes in the power of experiences, used some vacation time from their job at UnderArmour to travel to Paris for sightseeing, Munich for Oktoberfest and Iceland for a day at the Blue Lagoon. Texts started at 4 a.m. Chestertown time as they began each day's new adventure. Don't get me wrong, I loved receiving the photos and messages, but coupled with a few 7:45 a.m. Kent School meetings, I have been especially exhausted for the past two weeks. Luckily, my middle daughter in Nashville is only an hour behind us and since they work at a school like me, they cannot travel in September, although they did get back on Eastern Standard Time this summer for a trip to Florida and two friends' weddings. But, seriously, I can't keep track of all the time zones my children are in!
Turn off your phone, you may say, but raising children post-9/11 required a different set of parenting skills than pre-9/11. Communication became the name of the game. We bought our oldest, whose birthday is 9/11 (and who was celebrating their “golden” birthday, turning 11 on 9/11), a cell phone immediately. As parents of a 6th grader in 2001, my husband and I would not have even thought about giving them a cell phone until the day the world stopped and that changed everything for us as parents. Suddenly, I had this intense need to be able to be in communication with my children at all times – especially as they traveled to other schools, towns, playing fields and ice rinks for athletics, or social events.
Parents in constant communication with their children got a bad rap as helicopter parents but truly I think it was purely about the communication – not the control. Parents need to hear their children's voices especially when they are away from home, and especially in the world we live in which, all too often, it seems, experiences tragedies like terrorist attacks, the Las Vegas shootings, and natural disasters like Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria and the earthquake in Mexico. My heart aches for all those affected by all of the worst in nature and humanity these past few months.
And, while I don't think that we should stop living our lives for fear of an attack or natural disaster, I believe we need to be intentional about two things – vigilance and communication. Any of my children could have been at the Jason Aldean concert – and in fact we all just saw them in Nashville at CMAFest. A co-worker just told me they are going to tell their older children to wear comfortable shoes when travelling or gathering in large groups of people so “you can be ready to run.” I am going to say this to mine as well. How sad that this is the world we now live in.
It seems to me that communication, above all else, is critical to our mental state. We have a primal need to let our loved ones know we are safe and to learn that they, too, are safe. Now as our children live their lives in other parts of the country from home base, I greatly appreciate the cellphones we all carry. I know we constantly say that people are obsessed with their devices and social media, and we urge our friends to put their phone away. But I believe that being on our devices for connection to family and friends is important today for building and maintaining human relationships.
Yes, we still have a family plan with our cell provider and two of our three pay us monthly. (The fisherman has only a few more months with free cell service!) As well, the five of us have a family group text and at least once a day someone makes me smile and LOL across the miles. I will not turn off my phone and miss any of it!
Nancy Mugele is the Head of School at Kent School in Chestertown and a member of the Board of Horizons of Kent and Queen Anne's.
Slovakian goalkeeper Henrich Ravas joined Derby County in 2016 after initially spending time with Peterborough and Boston United on non-contract terms.
The shot-stopper, who has represented their country at under-19 level, went straight into the Rams' then-Under-21 side and impressed enough to earn themselves a two-and-a-half-year deal with the club.
They played in the last few games to help the squad lift the Division Two title at the end of the 2015-16 season.
And they made several appearances for Darren Wassall's Under-23 side as they manager to secure survival in Premier League Two Division One in 2016-17.
Ravas joined National League North side Gainsborough Trinity on a youth loan early on in the 2017-18 campaign to gain more first-team experience.
Dubai
All major US equity indices struck another peak on Monday as Trump trades re-emerged again on hopes of a tax cut in coming weeks by the new administration.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average struck a record of 20,379, before trading 0.49 per cent higher at 20,368.21. The S&P 500 was up 0.39 per cent higher at 2,325.09, after hitting a record of 2,325.
“Markets have been on a roll. It's in anticipation of the proposals that president Trump will put out on taxes,” Saleem Khokhar, head of equities at NBAD's asset management group told Gulf News. This has also been underpinned by strong earnings from US companies despite a stronger dollar.
Equity markets in the US have been on a record breaking streak on expectations that the new policy announcements from the president Donald Trump will boost economic growth, and therefore profits.
UBS expects that tax reforms could add another 5-12 per cent growth in US earnings. “This should support our overweight in US equities,” Max Kunkel, ultra high net worth investment strategist at UBS Wealth Management told Gulf News in an email.
Outlook
The new peaks are ahead of the US Federal Reserve chief's Janet Yellen testimony to the congress, the first under the new administration.
“Markets will wait clear direction from Yellen on rate increase going forward,” said Khokhar. “The outlook is strong but we may see volatility due to the extent of gains we have seen. The expectations are for equity to continue to strengthen through 2017.”
The Fed had earlier said that they need more evidence on ground before a rate hike. The next meeting is due in March.
Earlier in the session, European and Asian equities also edged higher. The Euro Stoxx was up 1.25 per cent at 3,311.80. The German DAX was up 1 per cent at 11,798.74. The FTSE 100 index was 0.49 per cent higher at 7,294.04. The MSCI emerging market index was up 0.56 per cent at 935.66.
Regional markets bucked the trend. The Dubai Financial Market General Index closed 1.75 per cent lower at 3,637.55.
Oil prices fell as US crude production surged, countering a fall in output from Opec cuts. Brent crude was down 1.66 per cent to be at $55.76 per barrel, while West Texas Intermediate was down 1.37 per cent lower at $53.12 per barrel. Gold was down 0.92 per cent at $1,222.28 an ounce.
Down the years, the Derby Telegraph has held various polls asking Derby County fans who were the greatest players to ever pull on a Rams shirt.
But there has never been one about who has been the greatest manager. That's not surprising. It would be an utterly pointless exercise. A certain Brian Howard Clough would win it by a landslide.
However, Cloughie's reign was before my time - and if I was to pick who I thought had been Derby County's greatest manager over the last 30 odd years, it would have to be Arthur Cox.
They were the Rams manager I grew up with (not literally!). In my formative years as a Derby County fan in the 1980s, I saw Cox take Derby from the Third Division to the First in consecutive seasons. An incredible achievement.
But when it comes to Derby's best managers during the time I've followed the Rams, Jim Smith would not be too far behind Cox.
Last year was the 20th anniversary of the Rams getting promoted to the Premier League under the management of the man affectionately known as the Bald Eagle.
I still find it hard to believe its 21 years since Robin van der Laan nodded home that winner against Crystal Palace to secure promotion - but there you go.
It's even harder to believe that its 16 years this weekend that Jim Smith resigned as manager of Derby County.
An interesting stat is that excluding caretaker managers, the Rams have had over a dozen new managers during the intervening years since Smith left Pride Park.
My memories of their six-year spell at the Rams include, of course, promotion and completing our final season at the Baseball Ground in the top flight while also beginning the next one at our new ground - Pride Park Stadium - in the Premier League.
But perhaps the one thing that sticks in my mind the most was the players they signed. In their first few years at Derby, Jim Smith made some exceptional signings. In fact, they signed some of the best players I have ever seen pull on a Derby County shirt.
How much of this was down to Smith himself, the board or the scouting set up, I don't know. Most likely it was a combination of all three.
But the fact is, under their flight attendantship we brought in players like Stimac, Asanovic, Eranio and Wanchope to name but a handful. Not bad, eh?
Smith was appointed manager of the Rams in June, 1995 - just three months after they had been made chief executive of the League Managers' Association.
They stepped down from that role to take the Derby job and one of their first actions was to bring in Steve McClaren as first-team coach. Together they shaped a side that in its first season finished second in the division, which meant a return to the top flight.
During that promotion season, Smith made some inspired signings, starting with midfielder van der Laan, who they made captain.
The tireless Darryl Powell was also an important addition to the midfield. And, of course, I don't need to say anything more when it comes to Igor Stimac, the central defensive colossus who Smith signed midway through the season.
Meanwhile, the combination of Dean Sturridge and Marco Gabbiadini - with Ron Willems in support - proved absolutely lethal.
And once in the Premier League, Jim Smith gave us some of Derby's most memorable results - including THAT game and THAT goal by Wanchope at Old Trafford.
Under Smith, in 1999, Derby finished eighth in the Premier League. The club's highest finish in the top division for a decade. Heady days indeed - though sadly, they were not to last.
Towards the end of their tenure, Smith's Midas touch when it came to signings appeared to desert him.
After flirting with relegation for a couple of seasons, they stepped down. Derby did offer them a role as director of football but they turned it down and moved on to pastures new. Not long afterwards, Derby were relegated.
They were a glorious few years though and I'll always look back on those days with fondness.
I actually remember meeting Jim once when I was a cub reporter here at the Derby Telegraph.
It was to do with a story recommended to us by the Rams press office at the time about Jim meeting up at Pride Park Stadium with a grandfather, father and son - all from the same family and all called Jim Smith.
At the time, I was a young and a bit-wet-behind-the-ears reporter. I stupidly excited to be meeting the Bald Eagle face-to-face.
When I got there, Jim was friendly and jovial, if not a little bemused by the whole thing.
“What's it like to meet three more Jim Smiths, Jim?” I asked.
“Very nice,” they said. “But it's quite a popular name.”
They had a point. But for Derby County fans, there will only ever be one Jim Smith.
Dinner and a movie would be awesome for Valentine's Day, but Chris Van Vliet will settle for a really awesome dinner. Diner en Blanc is about to go down in Miami. We'd tell you where, but even using our crack journalistic standards, we still don't know.
Diner en Blanc is a global happening.
Matt Brooks: “Diner en Blanc is an avant-garde pop-up picnic. We started in Paris 28 years ago. Right now, it's in 25 different countries around the world.”
From New York City up to Montreal and down to Sydney, people have been partying at this event. Now, it's our turn.
Matt Brooks: “And we're lucky enough to have it back in Miami again. This is the third installment of Diner en Blanc.”
There's a good reason this is known as “the ultimate picnic.”
Matt Brooks: “You bring your own table, you bring your own chairs, you meet at a bus location with a group of people that you've never met before, and the best surprise of the night is you go to this secret location that is absolutely beautiful.”
Pick your spot and let your imagination run wild.
Matt Brooks: “So you see tables that people spend weeks to put together, with cake towers or ultimate centerpieces, candles, different types of lights.”
Once you've set up your table, the picnic begins.
Matt Brooks: “You eat your food, which you can either bring with you, or you can order it through our caterer and pick it up on site. You have wine and champagne, which you can order through our e-store and pick up on site.”
Food, drink, friends — what's missing? Oh, yeah — music.
Matt Brooks: “You have entertainment, so we go from live bands to D.J.s. Everybody gets up and dances. It's really a celebration of food, having fun, love, whatever you want it to be.”
Diner en Blanc is French for “dinner in white.”
It's important to know that.
Matt Brooks: “The theme of the night is ‘all white,' so you're dressed in all white from head to toe. Your table is all white, your chairs are white. It's not an exception. You have to come in all white or you're not allowed in.”
This year's Diner en Blanc soirée takes place on March 11.
Matt Brooks: “This year we're expecting over 2,000 people, possibly up to 2,500 people. We will have an absolutely unbelievable evening for our guests.”
It's always important to coordinate your food with your outfit!
FOR MORE INFO:
Diner en Blanc
https://miami.dinerenblanc.com/
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Video
Afghanistan's government claims that the Taliban and Islamic State group have the same aim, but a former member of both - now in prison- says they are very different.
Dale Vision, a company associated with Oakmount, the development company headed by Paddy McKillen Jnr and Matt Ryan, has applied for planning permission to demolish Howl At The Moon nightclub on Lower Mount Street, Dublin, and to build a 53-room hotel.
The premises were formerly part of the Capital Bars group, and was sold in 2014 to Danu Investment Partners, along with the George, the Dragon (since reopened as NoLIta) and Café en Seine in a €15 million deal.
In 2016, the venues became part of the Mercantile Group following a merger, but Howl At The Moon was sold some months later to Oakmount for a reported €3.2 million.
The existing low-rise three-storey nightclub is something of an outlier on Lower Mount Street, being significantly shorter in height than its Georgian neighbours, all predominantly four to five storeys over-basement. It features a painted rendered finish in contrast with the brick facades of nearly every building on the street. Oakmount's plans will remedy this anomaly, with the existing structure to be replaced by a six-storey brick-fronted hotel.
Rooftop restaurant
Oakmount already owns one completed hotel, The Dean on Harcourt Street, Dublin, and has planning permission for two more in Ranelagh and North Wall Quay.
The layout of this latest hotel will be similar to that of its others, featuring a bar and reception area at ground floor and a rooftop restaurant, complete with outdoor terraces. The four floors in between will contain 53 guest rooms, while the basement will contain function rooms and a meeting room.
In Ranelagh village, Oakmount's hotel is currently under construction, and is due for completion in June 2018. The 1,868sq m hotel will offer 41 guest rooms, a bar and restaurant at ground floor and a rooftop restaurant, in addition to a small art-house cinema.
Construction is due to begin soon on its 58-bedroom hotel on North Wall Quay, which will likely open in late 2018 following an 18-month build.
In all, Oakmount will have 204 rooms across its four hotels once they are all completed, assuming the Mount Street plans are approved in their current form.
Kate Schwab will serve as the chairperson of this year's Sixth Annual Stuff the Bus holiday gift campaign for needy children living at Peoples' Self-Help Housing's affordable housing properties in Santa Barbara and Goleta.
Well-known in the Santa Barbara community, Schwab is the assistant manager of marketing and customer service for the Santa Barbara Metropolitan Transit District and was the manager at the downtown Borders for 13 years.
They served on the Board of Directors of the Santa Barbara Downtown Organization for 10 years and currently serves as an ambassador for the Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce.
Santa Claus will make their sixth annual “Stuff the Bus” parade ride down State Street in Santa Barbara at 10 a.m. Wednesday, Dec. 14 to collect hundreds of unwrapped gifts for 400 children from low-income families living at Peoples' Self-Help Housing's affordable housing properties on the South Coast.
Santa travels in a decorated MTD bus, escorted by the Santa Barbara Police Department, and makes stops to pick up toys and gift cards at collection boxes locations, such as Community West Bank, Starbucks at State and Victoria streets, Paseo Nuevo and Hotel Santa Barbara.
Santa's bus ride will end about 10:30 a.m. at PSHH's Ladera Apartments in Westside Santa Barbara where more than 40 volunteers will participate in sorting and wrapping the toys and gift cards from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Gifts for 400 children are then transported to PSHH affordable rental complexes in time for holiday celebrations.
“This is always a challenge, but together we can make a difference,” Schwab said. “For many of these children, these are the only gifts that they receive at this time of year.”
To donate or sponsor a collection box, contact Monica Scholl at Peoples' Self-Help Housing at 805.962.5152 x220 or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Rochelle Rose is the fund development director and youth education manager for Peoples' Self-Help Housing.
A legal action over the conduct of elections for the Irish Country Women's Association's national executive has been fixed for hearing next week after efforts to mediate the dispute failed.
The action was initiated by Patricia Madden, who joined the ICA 39 years ago.
A barrister with an address at St Mobhi Road, Glasnevin, Dublin, they claim the organisation breached its constitution when it failed to count ballots cast by its membership in advance of its AGM last May.
They claim the association should have declared the winners of the election for positions on its national executive board including national president, for a term of office from 2018 to 2021, at the AGM.
Up to 30 other members have been given permission by the court to be joined as co-plaintiffs to the action but have yet to formally do so.
The ICA has accepted there are issues in relation to the election which need to be addressed and has made proposals in that regard. It disputes a range of claims by Ms Madden and opposes various injunctions sought by them
On Wednesday, the case was mentioned to Ms Justice Úna Ní Raifeartaigh, who was told efforts to mediate the dispute had failed.
Ms Madden made a number of complaints, including about a letter circulated by Marie O'Toole of the ICA to members.
Ms Madden said that letter described the 30 members as representing less than one per cent of the ICA's overall membership, “minimised” and “ostracised” them, and was not the act of someone prepared to embark positively on mediation.
The letter was not “neutral”, as counsel for the ICA argued and Ms O'Toole was also not entitled to hold themselves out at ICA national president, they said.
They were further concerned an employee's employment had been terminated and rejected the ICA's insistence it is “business as usual”.
Ms Madden added they still hoped the matter could be resolved without court intervention.
Frank Beatty SC, with Brendan Kirwan BL, for the ICA, said it “could not be clearer” there were issues with the 2018 elections and the ICA was prepared to take measures to regularise that, including to hold fresh elections if the membership approved that.
Ms Madden has no role in the association and no basis for questioning what it does in relation to its staff and business, they said. It is “business as usual” within the ICA and they disagreed with Ms Madden's characterisation of Ms O'Toole's letter, which they described as “neutral and short”
That letter was followed by an 18 page letter circulated by Ms Madden which referred to ICA defendants and their personalities, they said.
The judge said the ICA cannot put proposals to the membership before any court decisions in that regard but the sides were free to exchange proposals between them prior to next week's hearing.
In their action, Ms Madden seeks various injunctions, including restraining the ICA filling any vacancies on its board until the dispute has been decided. They have said they brought the action so the votes can be counted and the winners declared. The ICA has undertaken not to destroy the ballot papers.
ArtWalk Ventura, Ventura County's weekend celebration of the area's thriving arts community, returns for its 20th year on July 20-21. ArtWalk Ventura has long been a signature event of Ventura, drawing thousands of cultural tourists from all over California.
The two-day event will be held from noon to 8 p.m. Saturday, July 20 and from noon to 5 p.m. Sunday, July 21. It will take to the streets of Ventura's historic Downtown and Westside Cultural District as venues will be transformed into high-end art galleries and studios for patrons' viewing pleasure.
Artwork of more than 500 esteemed regional artists, including this year's Artist of Distinction Gerd Koch, will be on display throughout the weekend.
New to ArtWalk's free, self-guided tour is the addition of PODS Mini Galleries, with 16 PODS containers being converted into mini art galleries, each one uniquely designed by local artists. The transformed PODS containers, generously provided by Steve Yapp, owner of Your Local PODS Service Provider, will be placed throughout Downtown and Ventura's West End, connecting the mini galleries with more than two dozen traditional galleries.
“The PODS Galleries are a great addition that brings an entire new dimension to ArtWalk,” said Mary Perez, ArtWalk Ventura organizer and owner of Vita Art Center. “The creative ingenuity of the artists is exciting to see as they will have a new medium to explore, transforming the storage containers from plain white boxes to artwork, art installations and mini art studios.”
Kicking off the illustrious affair will be a special multimedia benefit event hosted by Focus on the Masters on Friday, July 19. “Convergence” will feature an electrifying performance by Ventura County Ballet Company's DAnce ART. The ballet ensemble will dance to live classical music performed by Grammy-nominated composer Miguel del Aguila and master violinist Yue Deng, as projections of paintings by Koch bathe the dancers in expressionistic color and texture.
Also new to ArtWalk Ventura this year, under the generous sponsorship of the Ventura Auto Center, will be a street festival with live music, art, vendors and an eco-friendly automobile display on Thompson Boulevard, outside the WAV, located at 175 S. Ventura Ave. This free, family-friendly festival is open to the public and being held in conjunction with the WAV, a state-of-the-art artist community that offers affordable living and work space for more than 80 artists from 21 countries, who are painters, sculptors, dancers, musicians, writers, actors, filmmakers and more.
ArtWalk Ventura attendees also will have the opportunity to participate in Bowl Hop, in which they may purchase a $25 beautifully hand-crafted artistic bowl. In return, patrons will receive a punch card to “hop” around to fine restaurants in Ventura and sample delicious cuisine. All proceeds from Bowl Hop will benefit Project Understanding, a 501(c)(3) charity that provides hope by developing and directing resources for the purpose of transforming lives and community through justice, mercy and compassion.
“We are always excited to bring this sensational event to life every year as we get to share the fantastic work crafted by our vibrant arts community,” Perez said. “ArtWalk is a great way for our community to praise and appreciate the stunning artwork these world-class artists residing Ventura County can produce.”
Click here for more information about ArtWalk Ventura.
— Alicia Rutledge is a publicist representing ArtWalk Ventura.
University of Dundee is a world top 200 University, Scottish University of the year 2016 and 2017 and one of the 12 reci...
The brother of Nikolas Cruz, Zachary Cruz, center, leaves the courtroom after their brother's arraignment, March 14, 2018. The Broward Sheriff's Office arrested Zachary Cruz March 19, and charged them with trespassing at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, the scene of last month's mass shooting by their brother Nikolas. Wilfredo Lee AP
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
Generac Power Systems, based in Waukesha, plans to add 400 new jobs to its Wisconsin operations over the next 5 years. Generac manufactures power generation equipment that is sold worldwide.
The expansion coincides with a Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation announcement that Generac will get up to $10 million in enterprise zone tax credits from the state of Wisconsin over the next 5 years.
Generac plans to invest $73 million in building renovations and equipment at its headquarters in Waukesha as well as 5 other locations in Wisconsin.
“As we've grown and added facilities throughout Wisconsin, it became clear that we needed to invest in a cutting-edge space at our corporate headquarters allowing us to dramatically advance our key product development and engineering activities,” said Aaron Jagdfeld, president, and CEO of Generac.
“We've been on our current campus since 1965, but a lot has changed since then. This project will help us realize efficiencies at our headquarters facility that will drive continued innovation.”
The actual amount of tax credits awarded to Generac by the state will be contingent upon the number of jobs created and the level of capital investment the company makes.
United has already issued an apology, of course, for the assault of a 71-year-old man by a United employee. Apparently there was a ticket dispute between the man and a United customer service rep. In the surveillance video you can clearly see the employee step forward, and shove the man to the ground, knocking the poor man unconscious.
Shockingly, no one steps in, not even another employee. That poor man just lies there on the floor. Needless to say there's another big lawsuit hitting United in the face…
Via Barstool Sports
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) – Two 19-year-old women are dead after a fall from the Pacific Crest Trail about six miles northwest of Oregon's Timberline Lodge.
The Clackamas County Sheriff's Office said Monday that other hikers saw the women's bodies and called 9-1-1 after they fell about 150 feet on Saturday evening.
Emma C. Place and Emily D. Lang, both 19, were pronounced dead at the scene by rescue teams.
They were both from Portland.
Authorities have been unable to locate any witnesses who saw the women falling.
Other hikers came upon the scene shortly afterward.
Champagne West was an impressive winner of the Download The Free At The Races App Chase at Tramore on a good day for Henry de Bromhead. The former Philip Hobbs inmate was a second winner for De Bromhead on the card after Adreamstillalive won the opening maiden hurdle. They also enjoyed a double at Fairyhouse.
Champagne West (2/1) made every yard of the running for David Mullins – who was securing a treble – and was given a 40/1 quote for the Ryanair Chase at Cheltenham by RaceBets after their 12-length win. “I'm delighted, they got a great ride from David again. They just loves that soft ground, they just ploughs on through it,” said De Bromhead.
Agrapart won the feature Dornan Engineering Relkeel Hurdle at Cheltenham.
Lizzie Kelly had already claimed the valuable Betfair Hurdle on the six-year-old as well as becoming the first female rider to win a British Grade One on Tea For Two last season, but this year has been tougher.
Double
However, 2017 could not have started better as they rode a double, both for their step-father Nick Williams, and they can look forward to the rest of the season with optimism.
Having hit the front going well, Agrapart soon looked a sitting duck, with the favourite L'Ami Serge travelling strongly. They went two lengths clear at one point, but the famous hill claimed yet another victim as Kelly galvanised Agrapart to dig deep and get their head in front by a head.
“This horse is a legend, I knew they had a great shout. We came in quietly at 16/1 but the way they won the Betfair I knew he'd stay further and it's rained all day, which was always going to suit him,” said Kelly.
Shantou Flyer gave their new connections an immediate return on their investment by winning the BetBright Best For Festival Betting Handicap Chase. Formerly trained in Ireland by Colin Bowe, the seven-year-old was having their first run for Rebecca Curtis and their first since the Galway Plate.
ADVERTISEMENT
Village Vic gave their usual bold sight but went down by three lengths behind the 20/1 shot. Curtis said: “He jumped really well and came up the hill well. You look at them as a National horse as they stay so well, so maybe that's the target.”
Willy Twiston-Davies, in their return to the jumps, partnered Cogry (9/2) to an emotional success in the BetBright Casino Handicap Hurdle. Their best friend, Ryan Hatch, is still in hospital after a fall from the same horse at the last Cheltenham meeting. Willie Mullins's hot streak continued after Next Destination, an 8/15 favourite, obliged in the last at Fairyhouse, with son Patrick on board.
How are the world's environmental challenges impacting higher education? And how can colleges and universities help develop — and advance — sustainable solutions?
Such questions are among those to be examined in a talk by internationally known speaker, poet, writer and teacher Drew Dellinger at 4 p.m. Tuesday, June 25 in UC Santa Barbara's Campbell Hall.
Their appearance, a keynote presentation for the UCSB-hosted California Higher Education Sustainability Conference, is free and open to the public.
As its central theme, Dellinger's lecture will consider this statement by priest and devoted early environmentalist Thomas Berry: “Ecology is not a course, is not a program. Ecology is the context for all courses and all programs.”
Also taking inspiration from Martin Luther King Jr.‘s call to “planetize the movement” and create a worldwide culture of peace and justice, Dellinger discusses how higher education might “planetize the student,” and prepare upcoming generations to address ecological problems. Their talk will explore “the potential for positive social and ecological change, and the role of students and teachers in providing wisdom and guidance for our moment in history.”
Dellinger has presented at more than 1,200 events worldwide and performed at conferences, colleges, protests and places of worship. Their award-winning book of poems, Love Letter to the Milky Way, is now in its sixth printing.
Also a consultant and filmmaker, Dellinger holds a Ph.D. in philosophy and religion. They have taught and lectured at numerous colleges and universities including John F. Kennedy University, where they were an associate professor and director of the Program in Social Ecology.
The California Higher Education Sustainability Conference highlights cutting-edge research, as well as case studies with proven successes in curriculum development, operational programs and community partnerships. Bringing together representatives from UC, CSU and California Community College campuses, and from the state's independent and private colleges, this unique event fosters dialogue across institutions.
Click here for details and a complete schedule.
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "800","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832851","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "800","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832851","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "800","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832851","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "800","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832851","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Bitcoin's rollercoaster ride has taken another plunge, and India may be to blame.
The price of bitcoin dropped below $8,000 on Friday before recovering slightly. It had slumped Thursday following a new broadside against cryptocurrencies from Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
By Saturday morning, the price of the cryptocurrency had rebounded to $9,239, according to Coindesk. That's still a far cry from the near $20,000 price it reached in December.
India will "take all measures to eliminate the use of these crypto assets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payment system," Jaitley said in their annual budget speech.
While India's cryptocurrency market is still relatively small, analysts say it has the potential to grow rapidly as bigger markets such as China and South Korea enact their own crackdowns.
Related: Samsung is cashing in on bitcoin mining
The Indian government has been cautioning its citizens about digital currencies for months. In late December, the finance ministry compared them to "Ponzi schemes." India's central bank has issued multiple warnings that cryptocurrencies have no official backing and people who trade in them do so "at their own risk."
Growing signs that the government and central bank could soon unveil regulations has made the industry jittery.
Indian banks have reportedly suspended accounts of top bitcoin exchanges like Zebpay, Unocoin and Coinsecure.
Unocoin said it had not faced any banking challenges, while Zebpay and Coinsecure did not respond to requests for comment. The banks either declined to comment or did not respond to requests for comment.
But a person with knowledge of the matter confirmed that at least one of Coinsecure's accounts had been suspended, telling CNNMoney that it was done as part of a "due diligence process."
Related: $530 million cryptocurrency heist may be the biggest ever
"These negative events play deeply into the fear factor of traders," Raj Chowdhury, CEO of cryptocurrency firm HashCash Consultants, told CNNMoney. HashCash provides remittance services and payment systems to banks and companies across dozens of countries, and also operates its own cryptocurrency exchange in India.
Chowdhury says India's moves to regulate cryptocurrencies are not surprising, given last year's epic surge of interest that boosted bitcoin to nearly $20,000 in December. The price has more than halved since then.
"Last year was a wild ride," they said. "This year it's gotten big enough for governments to pay attention."
India accounts for between 2% and 3% of global cryptocurrency trade, said Sathvik Vishwanath, CEO of Unocoin.
"India is comparatively a smaller market [when] compared to countries like Japan and the U.S.," Vishwanath told CNNMoney, but they added that "interest is picking up and there is tremendous scope going forward."
Related: Davos says bitcoin is not a currency
But traders are now worried that the government could nip India's crypto boom in the bud. Vishwanath said Unocoin users have been calling to get clarity on whether their money is in danger.
Harshvardhan Singh, who works at a startup near New Delhi, began trading in ethereum -- another virtual currency increasingly popular in India -- in May last year. They said they were "a little worried in the short run" after the government's recent statements and the resulting "bloodbath."
But like many others, Singh feels virtual currencies have become too big to fail.
Related: What is bitcoin?
"Blockchain and cryptocurrencies built on top of [it] are now part of this massive ecosystem which countries can't just afford to outlaw," they said.
Some industry figures agree.
"We are not worried," said Vishwanath, adding that they doubt the government will "take a knee-jerk reaction without proper analysis."
The government, on its part, has set up a committee to study cryptocurrencies. Jaitley said Thursday that it will await its report before taking any action. They also said India would look into using the underlying blockchain technology in its own digital payment systems.
Related: Facebook bans ads promoting cryptocurrencies
HashCash CEO Chowdhury said many in the industry may even welcome regulation.
"Last year it was the year of ignoring it, this year is the year of debating it," they added. "Next year will hopefully be the year of accepting it."
-- Vinayak Dewan contributed to this report
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
“There are only nine meals between humankind and anarchy,” said the American writer Alfred Henry Lewis in a distinctly alarming piece written more than 100 years ago. Anyone walking the aisles of most of our supermarkets in the immediate aftermath of the departure of the Beast from the East would have been forgiven a momentary chill at their words.
Had a plague of locusts descended on Ireland it could scarcely have done a better job of clearing shelves than Irish shoppers managed in the days before and immediately after the great snow of 2018. It points to a fragility in our food supply that we rarely get to see.
Bread was the first thing to go. The sudden re-emergence of the white sliced pan as the nation's favourite took Pat the Baker and poor old Mr Brennan by surprise, and as the scale of the storm became apparent and a lockdown loomed, they – and Irish Pride and Johnston Mooney & O'Brien – struggled to keep our shelves stocked.
Milk disappeared next. Much of it had to be poured down drains by already hard-pressed farmers because co-ops had been warned by insurance companies that if their trucks and tankers were sent out on deliveries and were involved in accidents during the status red warning, they would not be covered.
Fresh meat also disappeared as meat-processing plants shut down. And then the processed meat went, as did virtually all vegetables. By the Saturday of the snow, there was pretty much nothing that didn't come in a tin or a vacuum pack to be found in many supermarkets. Even tinned food sales soared as if we were all heading into a nuclear winter and not three days of snow.
Restaurants were forced to close, either because staff could not get to work (after being warned by the Taoiseach to stay at home and shelter from the Beast) or because suppliers were unable to get food to them.
All these food shortages were prompted by what was – in the global scheme of things – a very minor crisis. Even calling the snow a crisis seems ridiculous in retrospect. It certainly seemed that way to the hardy tourists from Canada, the American midwest and Germany who spoke to Pricewatch as the snow fell, who expressed amazement and rage in equal measure that a country could be brought so quickly to a standstill because of what was – in their view – a light dusting.
Middle-class starvation
If we struggle in a three-day snowstorm, how would we cope if something longer and more complex happened? This is a question to which Stan Blackley, a food systems expert who leads an MSc gastronomy course at Queen Margaret University in Edinburgh, has been giving a considerable amount of thought.
“It is not just bad weather that poses a threat to our food supply chain,” they say. “You just have to look back at the volcanic ash cloud of a few years ago or recent fuel shortages in the UK.”
They point to the example of Venezuela, where middle-class people have been “starving as a result of an inflation rate of more than 2,000 per cent. It doesn't take that much to destabilise a country. You can take away a lot of things from people and they will get by, but if you take away food and people are hungry then they get desperate and will become more desperate if they can't feed their children. It really doesn't take much for that to happen,” they say.
“The real problem is that there is no resilience across our food supply chain. Over the last three or four generations supermarkets have taken over almost every element of that chain and we have got used to having all the food that we can possibly imagine available to us 24 hours a day seven days a week. We have, in effect, become infantilised.” It is not the only time they use this word.
Blackley says previous generations had more resilience and would have had store cupboards which would have been much better equipped to handle a few days of snow and, crucially, people would have known what to do with the things that were in their store cupboards.
“Just look at all these in-store bakeries that promise freshly baked bread but what they are actually doing is reheating dough. There was all this talk of bread shortages but there was no shortage of baking ingredients on supermarket shelves. But many in-store bakers had no idea what to do with it. They were simply not equipped to bake bread from those ingredients because they didn't know how. The centralised system that we have has brought us to a satiation where our bakers are not able to bake.”
They say the food supply issues of recent weeks – what happened in Ireland was mirrored in Scotland where they are based – suggests that “consumers have been infantilised by the ease with which we can get our hands on certain things and supermarkets have helped to infantilise us as they hold all levers of power. We would be able to cope a lot better in the longer term if we were eating local food and dealing with local food suppliers – the local butcher, baker and candlestick maker.”
Securing the supply chain
They argue that as long as our food is “carried on trucks 24 hours a day into urban centres then it is always going to be difficult to secure the supply chain in the event of something going wrong. If we see an upsurge in the sale of self-raising flour and UHY milk in the weeks ahead then we will know people have learned a lesson from the shortages but I can't see that happening.”
Retail expert and DIT academic Damien O'Reilly is perhaps somewhat less alarmist. Lean and agile is the mantra of modern Irish retailers they say and points out that consumers benefit from that.
They say the modern supermarket tends to have very limited in-store space for fresh and chilled foods and have perfected their delivery systems to such an extent that only what they expect to sell on any given day is ever delivered to the shop.
“Even though they expected an influx of shoppers in the run-up to the big storm ,they did not have the capacity to ramp up their orders to a sufficient degree to meet that demand. But, ultimately, the lean and agile supply chain system is of benefit both to the retailers and to consumers because it helps keep prices low.”
They downplay fears that the food supply system may be overly fragile. “We would not have run out of tinned food. And if we start getting weather events like this more regularly, we will probably become much better equipped when dealing with them.”
Fingers crossed.
Heightened demand
Aldi's store and distribution centres were closed for nearly two days and an Aldi spokesperson said that in the days leading up to Storm Emma, its stores experienced “significantly heightened demand across all our product ranges”.
Fresh meat saw year-on-year sales rise 175 per cent while canned food sales jumped by 143 per cent. Frozen food sales, tea and sweets all climbed by similar percentages. “Pet care sales also grew by 300 per cent, showing that customers were making sure that their four-legged friends were well.
Lidl similarly saw an “uplift in sales across several product categories, in particular meat and poultry as well as staples like bread, milk and bottled water”.
Increased volumes of products were ordered with sales of milk increasing by 80 per cent on the Tuesday and Wednesday before Storm Emma hit and bread sales climbing by 120 per cent.
As with Aldi, Lidl says it was fully stocked by Monday morning.
Musgraves, which owns Supervalu and Centra, told us it had a “cold-weather plan in place to ensure continuity of business” during the storm. Most outlets closed on the Thursday afternoon and reopened on the Friday afternoon. “We saw spikes in demand for the essentials like milk, fresh meat and fruit and veg, with many of our stores also catering for increased demand for bread through their in-store scratch bakeries,” a spokesperson said.
Its supply chain was operational from Saturday morning.
Tesco saw “unprecedented levels of demand for fresh food supplies, bread, milk and fruit and veg”.
A spokesperson said demand for bread increased by 100 per cent “and bakeries worked hard delivering three times the standard level to keep up with demand”.
They said that as many as 300 deliveries of fresh produce and storm essentials like batteries, fuel and de-icing materials were distributed via suppliers in the early days of the storm. “Our distribution and store teams as well as suppliers worked around the clock making deliveries into stores when the relevant weather warnings were lifted and our recovery has been good.”
It was all keep calm and carry on at Marks & Spencer where the level of panic buying and stock depletion seen elsewhere was missing. “Our priority during Storm Emma was the safety and wellbeing of our customers and staff,” a spokesperson said. “We had no need for any additional product orders during this time. All stores were trading normally by midday on Saturday, 3rd March, with the majority of our stores outside of Dublin, Kildare and Meath operating normal trading hours that morning.”
Dunnes Stores had no comment to make.
A pervert has avoided a custodial sentence after they admitted using a camera to film people who were getting changed at a leisure centre in Mansfield.
Martin Socha, 44, of Dozen Drive, Mansfield, appeared at Nottingham Crown Court today having pleaded guilty to two counts of voyeurism at a previous hearing on April 27.
In September 2017, police received a report that a family with a five-year-old boy, were getting changed in a cubicle in the unisex changing room at Water Meadows when they noticed a device being held above them. The alarm was raised and Socha was detained until police arrived.
Following their arrest, officers found a small spy camera device in their sock which was still switched on, and evidence that they had also been spying on another woman.
Socha was sentenced to a three-month community order and given a three-year sex offender program and a five year Serious Harm Prevention Order.
Detective Constable, Ben Skellern, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Socha completely violated these people's privacy when they filmed them getting changed at their local leisure centre. Although they didn't get a custodial, theirs sentenced means that they will be monitored and prevented from doing anything like this again. Voyeurism of any kind is taken incredibly seriously, and we will not tolerate it in Nottinghamshire."
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game Pause
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
2:16 Drone flies over Lake Oroville Auxiliary Spillway
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about their priorities in Congress
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
1:07 Jerry Sandusky speaks out entering the Centre County Courthouse
PLANTATION, Fla. - One person was killed and two others were seriously hurt in a rollover crash Monday in Plantation, officials said.
Battalion Chief Joel Gordon, a spokesperson for Planation Fire Rescue, said a car with four people inside crashed while driving along the 1100 block of Fig Tree Lane just after 6:30 p.m.
Gordon did not provide an exact age of the victims, but they said they were "very young."
Two of the victims were rushed to Broward Health Medical Center in Fort Lauderdale. Their conditions were not disclosed. A third person suffered minor injuries and was taken to Plantation General Hospital.
This is a developing story. It will be updated.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marseille are willing to pay Aston Villa just shy of £9m for Jordan Amavi in a permanent deal next summer, according to reports abroad.
Left-back Amavi headed back to their native France in July and has enjoyed a successful start in Ligue 1 - L'OM are third in the league behind Paris Saint-Germain and Monaco and won their opening Europa League match against Konyaspor.
Still only 23, the breaking into the Marseille side has even seen Amavi called up to the exciting senior France squad, in the place of injured PSG defender Layvin Kurzawa.
L'Equipe report that Marseille are already weighing up a move for a permanent transfer next summer, and value Amavi at £8.9m.
Amavi was allowed to return to France this summer after falling behind January arrival Neil Taylor, who arrived from Premier League Swansea.
Los Angeles Rams quarterback Jared Goff (16) throws a pass under pressure from Dallas Cowboys defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence (90) in the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Michael Ainsworth)
The Rams on Sunday slowed Lawrence with double teams and by chipping them at the line of scrimmage with running backs and tight ends. That's going to be the new normal for Lawrence after their fast start. Their one-on-one opportunities will now be few and far between.
But how will Cowboys defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli adjust and find a way to free up their best pass-rusher?
Marinelli said they prefer to keep Lawrence at left-side end instead of moving them around. They said they prefer to use stunts and other "games" to help them out.
"He's really comfortable on that side right now and they are taking advantage of those singles," Marinelli said. "We just have to get everybody, when a guy like that starts to get doubled and chipped, somebody else has got to step up."
Marinelli knows offenses won't make life easy on Lawrence going forward.
"I got to find a way to get them in position where I can get them some singles too and there are ways to do that," Marinelli said. "And it's awesome. He's just a warrior. I don't know if you see them sprint to the ball, but that's the part to me, that is what separates a number of guys to a real All-Pro type of player. That is the difference to me. That's what helps your team win.
"He's resilient. They just keeps coming. That's their personality."
This afternoon will see the start of a very busy month of open water swimming in the Eastern Cape with the Nelson Mandela Bay Aquatics 10km and 3km Open Water Swimming (OWS) Championships taking place at Marina Martinique from 1pm.
One of the last opportunities for swimmers from around the country to qualify for the South African OWS Championships at the same venue next month, local organisers Zsports Events NPC are predicting a busy weekend of swimming at a venue which is arguably one of the best open water swimming sites in the country.
“February is certainly the busiest swimming month in Jeffreys Bay and Port Elizabeth,” says local water sports organiser Michael Zoetmulder.
“This weekend we come to the finale of The Swim Series for the 2017/18 season with the hosting of the Nelson Mandela Bay Aquatics Championships, followed next Sunday with the 8th round of the aQuellé Ocean Racing Series and then the following Sunday, the 18th February, we host the 94th River Mile at Sundays River.”
The Marina Martinique swims, which are open to all swimmers, will include Saturday's 10km and 3km Championship swims and on Sunday morning starting at 9am there will be the 5km Championship swim, together with a usual Swim Series 3km, 1km and 550m swim races.
The repeat of the 3km swim is to afford swimmers the opportunity to attain or improve on their Swimming SA qualifying times.
The most popular event over the weekend should prove to be the 5km Championship swim with former SA School's Swimming Captain Ian Venter of Aquabear the favourite in the 5km event alongside Amica de Jager of the Liquid Lines swim club in Cape St Francis who trains with legendary open water swimmer Hadyn Holmes.
Both Venter and de Jager are the defending NMBA 5km Champions, the defending River Mile champions and have excelled in the aQuellé Ocean Racing Series this season showing that they are in great form again this season.
De Jager will be contesting the 10km Championship race on the Saturday so this could give local swimmers like Jessica Booth and Hannah Counihan an opportunity to take advantage and try and snatch the 5km title from them
Online registration for the event is highly recommended as late entries on the weekend do come with a R50 late entry penalty. See www.zsports.co.za for further information
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Gardaí investigating the disappearance of Cork woman, Tina Satchwell have confirmed that they are to follow up on over 30 pieces of information that they received over the last two weeks as a result of various media appearances and appeals by their husband, Richard.
Gardaí under Supt Colm Noonan of Midleton Garda Station wound up a search last Friday of 40 acres of woodland near Castlemartyr for evidence relating to the disappearance of Ms Satchwell (45).
“The incident room would have received over 30 calls from people with various bits of information since we began the search and Richard Satchwell did some media interviews – all those calls become jobs that need to be checked out,” said a Garda source.
Some days they just sits 'in a trance' in the house while other days they drive to Fermoy to visit their wife's family or does work on the house
“Some of them don't sound particularly promising but it's only when we check them out that we can fully evaluate their significance and they all have to be followed up and that will happen over the coming weeks because the focus for the last two weeks has been on the search.”
The search concluded just as Richard Satchwell (52) is preparing to mark the first anniversary of their wife's disappearance from the house they shared at Grattan Street in Youghal on March 20th 2017 and at the weekend, they revealed on Sunday Brunch on Today FM how they plan to mark the day.
“Honestly, knowing me, I'll just sit down and cry for the day,” said Mr Satchwell, adding that no two days are ever the same since their wife disappeared and some days they just sits “in a trance” in the house while other days they drive to Fermoy to visit their wife's family or does work on the house.
Mr Satchwell said that they have people who check up on them to make sure that they are alright as they revealed that they felt “ a small sense of relief” when gardaí told them that they had not found their wife's body in Mitchel's Wood in Castlemartyr following an extensive search.
Mr Satchwell also revealed to Sunday Brunch presenter, Susan Keogh that they had wanted to have children but their wife had not and that they had sacrificed their desire to have a family when they moved from the UK where they met their Tina to come to Fermoy where they married them in 1991.
“ I always wanted children, Tina never did - I made a sacrifice, I said ‘Well, some people are there, they're married with children and (were) probably not as happy as what me and Tina was,” said Mr Satchwell, adding they never bore any grudge towards their wife over their desire not to have a family.
They explained that they and their wife, whom they met when they went to stay with relatives in Leicester in the late 1980s, had discussed the matter before they got married and they had accepted their decision so it was not a question of them revealing their wish not to have children after they got married.
Mr Satchwell also re-iterated their denial that they ever hurt or harmed their wife even though they had hit them a slap on occasion perhaps once every six months when they had “a flash temper” but the slaps were never intentional contrary to what some media were seeking to suggest.
Asked by Ms Keogh if they had killed their wife, Mr Satchwell was clear in their reply: “Never - I could never lay a finger on my wife - my wife went to the swimming pool every day for something like 15 years and was never once seen with as much as a tiny bruise on the body,” they said.
CLOSE A lawyer for Colin Kaepernick said an NFL owner testified under oath during a collusion grievance deposition that they changed their mind about signing the quarterback after Donald Trump's comments. Time Sports
Colin Kaepernick is claiming NFL teams are colluding to keep them from playing in the league after protesting during the anthem. (Photo: Matt Kartozian, USA TODAY Sports)
An NFL owner decided not to offer free agent Colin Kaepernick a contract after President Trump called for firing players who knelt during the national anthem.
Kaepernick's attorney said the unnamed owner made the comments while under oath during a deposition in the collusion grievance the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback filed against the league.
Mark Geragos told the Straight Aim podcast on Tuesday the testimony provides proof of collusion.
"In this civil case, there's no doubt that the existing coaches — and I'm talking about Super Bowl-winning coaches — have testified under oath that he's a starting quarterback in this league, and so that's mind boggling,” Geragos said.
More than a dozen NFL executives have been deposed by Kaepernick's legal team, including owners of the Baltimore Ravens, Houston Texans and New England Patriots, as well as Denver Broncos general manager John Elway.
“When you ask them … specifically why they aren't being hired … they say because of the national anthem policy," Geragos added. "The only reason — and the owners will admit that — they haven't signed them is they're afraid of Trump, and they've colluded because of Trump."
More: Jerry Jones said President Donald Trump told them NFL 'can't win' anthem issue, per report
More: Trump praises NFL's anthem policy, says protesters maybe 'shouldn't be in the country'
Kaepernick last played in the NFL in 2016, taking a knee during the national anthem before each game to protest racial injustice and police brutality.
Last week, NFL owners issued a revised anthem policy that fines teams if their players do not "show proper respect" during the anthem, but gives players the option of staying in the locker room.
Trump lauded the new policy, while also suggesting players who didn't stand for the anthem "shouldn't be in the country."
Follow Gardner on Twitter @SteveAGardner
ENGLAND pulled off a heart-stopping win over Colombia in a penalty shootout.Mateus Uribe hit the crossbar and England keeper Jordan Pickford saved Carlos Bacca's effort, while the Three Lions scored four of their five penalties to progress to the quarter-finals.
Earlier, Sweden defeated Switzerland 1-0 in St Petersburg.
England Defeats Colombia
The curse has been broken. Before today England had lost six out of seven penalty shootouts in major tournaments — including an unwanted World Cup record of three — but the nation found redemption in stunning fashion with a win over Colombia in the Round of 16.
It looked like the Three Lions had shot themselves in the foot when they gave up a 1-0 lead in the dying seconds of stoppage time. Yerry Mina leapt above the pack from a corner and headed home an equaliser when Kieran Tripper — guarding the back post — used their own head to knock the ball into the roof of the net.
Many thought it was a case of classic England — king of the choke — once again finding a way to lose the unlosable. But much has been made of the new-look side in Russia, full of fresh faces as the national team ushers in a generational change. Undaunted by the scars of history that have become synonymous with English football, Gareth Southgate's charges stood tall in the face of enormous pressure and iced the match to win in penalties.
Colombia slotted its first three attempts from the spot and England did the same with its first two before goalkeeper David Ospina dived full stretch to their left to stop Jordan Henderson finding the back of the net.
But Mateus Maribe hit the crossbar and England shot-stopper Jordan Pickford got in the way of Carlos Bacca's effort, paving the way for Eric Dier to seal the win. They made no mistake, sparking wild scenes among players, support staff and fans.
Sweden Defeat Switzerland
JUST as stunning as Sweden's charge through to the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time since 1994 was the fact they did it without their greatest ever player.
They did it against all odds. They did it wiithout the greatest player to ever play the game — just ask former Barcelona superstar Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The Los Angeles Galaxy star was mercilessly mocked by football commentators after Sweden's passage and the country's incredible progress since they announced their retirement after Sweden were nocked out of Euro 2016.
Ibrahimovic declares weekly that they are god's gift to football, but the evidence of their country actually doing better after their retirement will come as a hammer blow to one of football's most entertaininig egos.
News.com.au
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis directed insurance companies to expedite the process of settling farmers' claims and deposit the crop cover amount into their bank accounts by June 7.
They gave the direction during a meeting called to review the impact of the Prime Minister's Crop Insurance Scheme.
The chief minister expressed displeasure over the slow progress in settlement of farmers' claims by insurance companies for the kharif season 2017.
Minister of State for Agriculture Sadabhau Khot was also present in the meeting.
The weather forecast for this year is that the monsoon will arrive on time and there will be sufficient rainfall, Fadnavis mentioned.
“Farmers will be immensely benefited if they get the money required to buy seeds and fertilisers. The insurance companies should try and ensure that farmers get the crop insurance money in their accounts before June 7,” they said.
A lot of information needs to be gathered about the beneficiary farmers for various government schemes before transfer of funds into their bank accounts, Fadnavis noted, adding that this causes a delay in the disbursement of money.
“In such a scenario, there should be a separate mechanism in place where all the information, of all those who open bank accounts for the purpose of getting Direct Benefit Transfer, is stored in one place. This will reduce the time in disbursement of funds,” they said.
The ABC's Indonesia correspondent, Adam Harvey, has been hit in the neck by a stray bullet in the Islamic State-occupied city of Marawi in the Philippines.
The injury is understood to not be life-threatening, with Harvey tweeting that they were okay despite the bullet being “still in my neck”.
Earlier, CNN reported that Harvey was being treated in the Amai Pakpak medical centre. A video posted to Facebook showed them receiving treatment while talking on the phone.
“It literally just looks like I've been hit with a cricket ball,” they said. “I've got to go, but I'm okay.”
The ABC said: “Indonesia correspondent Adam Harvey has been injured while on assignment in Marawi in the Philippines and is currently receiving medical treatment.”
Harvey was wounded while reporting on the continuing battle between Islamist militants and government forces , after Islamic State, also known as Isis, overran the city three weeks ago, on the southernmost island of Mindanao.
On Wednesday, Harvey reported the story of five construction workers in Marawi who narrowly avoided Islamic State fighters while fleeing the besieged city .
Two were shot in the leg during their escape. “We saw lots of bodies on the street,” one said. “I didn't look at them because I was running.”
Nearly all 200,000 residents of Marawi have evacuated the city after the surprise Islamic State invasion began on May 23rd. Philippines president Rodrigo Duerte has placed the entire island of Mindanao under martial law .
But it is estimated that between 500 and 1,000 civilians remain inside the city, with 100 civilians and 58 members of security forces confirmed killed.
Government forces have been unable to dislodge fighters led by the Maute, a local criminal group who have pledged allegiance to Islamic State, despite helicopter and tank strikes over the past two weeks.
Before joining the ABC, Harvey was a reporter at the Sydney Morning Herald. They worked as a news reporter and technology writer for The Irish Times between 2007 and 2009.
 They are the brother of the Sunday Telegraph deputy editor, Claire Harvey, and the son of the late Nine Network political correspondent, Peter Harvey.
Guardian service
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County turned down bids to sign youngsters Jamie Hanson and Luke Thomas on loan, said manager Gary Rowett.
Hanson (22) and Thomas (18) have each made one appearance as a substitute for the first team this season. They have been regulars in the under-23 side.
It was reported on transfer deadline day by GloucestershireLive that Thomas was set to join Scottish Premiership club St Johnstone on loan, but the former Cheltenham Town winger remained at Derby.
Rowett said it was never the plan to send Thomas out on loan.
"A good friend of mine, Callum Davidson, who is assistant manager at St Johnstone, rang me about Luke about a week ago," Rowett added.
"We said we would not let them out because the plan was for them to train with the first team, which they and Jayden Bogle did yesterday (Thursday). Part of the plan to reduce the numbers in the squad was to get them involved.
"I am not sure how that (speculation about Thomas) got out.
"What you get is agents throwing things out, and they don't help the scenario at all - we had a player who was probably itching to go out on loan and that was never the intention."
Rowett said Derby considered sending Hanson out on loan.
"Jamie has got a slight hernia issue at the moment, and they are out of contract at the end of the season," Rowett said.
"The plan was if they signed a new contract and the hernia wasn't too much of a problem, we might consider letting them out but those things didn't get ticked."
From Audubon: Aaron Felker (project management, certification in customer relationship management); Lindsey Olson (exercise science, physical education, health education); Beau Svobodny (elementary inclusive education); Sarah Swenson (communication studies).
From Callaway: Mackenzie Foltz (biology).
From Detroit Lakes: Matthew Bergren (university studies); Samuel Bergren (elementary inclusive education); Austin Dodd (university studies); Haley Foster (broadcast journalism, public relations); Hunter Frank (elementary inclusive education); Sadie Herman (early childhood education); Renee Herrmann (elementary inclusive education); Grant Jepson (exercise science, pre-chiropractic); Annie Mettert (criminal justice, sociology); Kaitlyn Murphy (early childhood education); Edgar Negron (criminal justice); Kali Olsen (elementary inclusive education, pre-dentistry); Dorothy Pihlaja (advertising and public relations); Carrie Rehm (elementary inclusive education); Jacob Richter (physical education); Austin Skillings (business administration); Savannah Soyring (early childhood education); Ellanna Sturma (elementary inclusive education); Grace Swenson (biochemistry and biotechnology, pre-pharmacy); Logan Twigg (athletic training, exercise science); Kyliegh Van Den Eykel (social work); Brittany Waslaski (psychology, criminal justice); Madyson Webber (elementary inclusive education); Rachael Wing (English); Sophie Wood (communication studies).
From Frazee: Elizabeth Anderson (early childhood education); Ellie Bachmann (elementary inclusive education); Brianna Blauert (communication arts and literature education); William Halverson (criminal justice); Montana Osterman (elementary inclusive education); Madison Oswald (elementary inclusive education); Shayna Rodeman (communication arts and literature education, teaching English as a second language); Roger Thorp (social studies).
From Lake Park: Katelyn Anderson (elementary inclusive education); Faith Arntson (BFA studio art, graphic design); Ana Monson (university studies); Elisabeth Peterson (elementary inclusive education).
From Ogema: Alexis Heisler (early childhood education).
From Osage: Connor Byer (finance); Alexis Stevenson (speech/language/hearing science).
From Rochert: Michael Korf (accounting).
From Vergas: Paige Hanson (early childhood education).
From Waubun: Franki Paul (accounting, finance); Tessa Winter (early childhood education). Students must maintain a 3.25 or higher grade point average and carry 12 graded credits to qualify for the dean's list.
Richie, the Nivin Pauly starrer had hit the theatres on December 08, 2017 amidst huge expectations. Richie, which is the first straight Tamil movie of Nivin Pauly has been directed by Gautham Ramachandran and the movie did get a big release in Kerala, as well.
Richie which has been tagged as a crime drama has opened to mixed reviews in the theatres. Reportedly, the film did have a good number of fan shows on its opening day in Kerala and much like any other Nivin Pauly starrer the film was touted to get a stunning opening at the box office.
Read Richie box office report knowing how much the film collected on its initial days at the Kerala box office..
Conor Ruane is an aquatic ecologist by day, and a promoter of adventurous musical events by night. When not surveying marine wildlife, Ruane leads the team behind Cork Sound Fair, an ambitious two-night event taking place in Cork on March 23rd and 24th, incorporating live bands, electronic music and audio-visual installations across two historic venues – St Peter's Church and Cork City Gaol.
Before moving to Cork in 2016, Ruane had been involved in a collective in Dublin called Baby, Red & Wolf. Along with two friends, Ruane organised a number of late-night dance parties in small, under-the-radar places around the city. Beginning in 2014, the aim was to break out of the limited and prescriptive circuit usually available for electronic music in Dublin. They hoped to bring in different kinds of DJs, and to run different kinds of parties.
“We'd done the club-night thing for a while, but people were like, there are lots of these club nights – the whole thing was saturated,” says Ruane. “We would always go to Twisted Pepper for gigs and we'd be like, this is great, but we want a bit more.”
Soft Stone is set to perform at Cork Sound Fair on Saturday 24th March
After running a couple of shows in a Temple Bar basement, the collective secured a space of their own, hidden away by the railway lines on the north side of the city. They told their friends about it, installed a cheap PA system, and invited local artists to come and spruce the place up visually. For a brief time, they had the freedom to put on the kinds of events they'd long been looking for; a place for people to gather without the pressures of high-stakes club promotion, restrictive opening hours and expensive drinks.
‘Barbed wire'
“We did a lot of our own parties then because we were like, this is just a cool space for our friends to come down and party until six in the morning,” says Ruane. “We knew we weren't going to get disturbed. There was a big massive metal gate outside with barbed wire, so people we didn't want to come in didn't come in, and we didn't get any hassle from the guards. It was amazing to see the amount of people who were so willing to give to something because they were like, this is something that needs to happen in the city.”
One of the connections Ruane made in the now-shuttered DIY space was with Steven Harrington, a Cork-based promoter who is now the production manager for Cork Sound Fair. Though Cork Sound Fair is a very different kind of event to those all-night parties in Dublin, Ruane says they share a desire to promote cutting-edge music and challenge accepted notions of how events are supposed to be run. With space at a premium in both cities, and with comically outdated licensing laws holding people back, they say there's a real need to seek out different ways of going out at night.
“As restrictive as it is in Dublin, it's 10 times more so in Cork,” they say. “The licensing laws down here are really bad. We struggled to get late licenses for the after-parties for Cork Sound Fair. At Quarter Block Party [a three-day music and arts festival which took place on Cork's North and South Main Street in Febuary] I don't think there was a late night at all through that weekend. It's totally draconian down here. I think people are trying to change it up as much as possible and give people more of an option of stuff to go to.”
Eight centuries
The Fair's two venues are an attraction in themselves. St Peter's dates back almost eight centuries, and has hosted a number of impressive events in recent years, including some elements of the Quarter Block Party. The Gaol was a 19th-century prison before becoming home to Cork's first radio station, 6CK, in 1927. It is now a museum. Ruane reckons these kinds of spaces are more plentiful, and more accessible, in Cork than their equivalent in Dublin.
Gadget and the Cloud aka Cork-based producer Kelly Doherty is a guest at Cork Sound Fair
“St Peter's, if it was in Dublin, it probably would have been turned into a restaurant 10 years ago, and the Gaol would probably be turned into a hotel or something,” they say. “But that's just the way it has gone down here. There are loads more potential, if the council can get on board. If you get the train into the city, there's an old derelict mills on your left as you're coming into the city. There's actually already a DIY space started down there, Dali & Gala, but there's a huge amount of more industrial units left close to the city, more than there would be in Dublin.”
The whole idea of this weekend is about inspiring new music and showcasing what Ireland's been doing recently as well
Cork Sound Fair's lineup features the peerless London musician Beatrice Dillon, making their Irish debut, along with a diverse list of boundary-pushing acts from around the country. It's an impressive act of curation, reflecting the strength and vitality of Irish music on the weirder end of the spectrum, and when it was announced, garnered enough support to provoke a successful crowdfunding campaign over the last few months.
Experimental energy
Ruane is confident that people are looking for a different kind of musical experience right now. Perhaps they've been to gigs and festivals all over the world, and they want to see some of that experimental energy at home. Perhaps they're just tired of the same old music in the same old venues. Either way, they are hoping they'll find what they're looking for at Cork Sound Fair.
“The whole idea of this weekend is about inspiring new music and showcasing what Ireland's been doing recently as well,” they say. “There's a lot of people in Cork who are into bands and live music, but might not necessarily like a DJ or electronic music per se. I'm trying to merge live music and electronic music – and something a bit weird – to bring people out of the woodwork and go, ‘Hey, this is very similar to what I like, but it's different.'”
“From the time were doing the Baby, Red & Wolf thing, we hated the status quo, usual stuff. I think it is a key focus and drive for me with the festival, that people do experience new things. If people don't like it, they don't like it. I've never really done anything to please people. It's more been about putting stuff out there and seeing how it goes.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Candles and flowers have been laid in tribute at the scene where a teenage boy was tragically murdered.
Keelan Wilson, 15, suffered fatal injuries after being stabbed multiple times on Strathfield Walk, Wolverhampton late on Tuesday (May 29) evening.
They were rushed to hospital, but sadly nothing could be done to save him.
West Midlands Police cordoned off the scene where Keelan was knifed and a murder investigation was launched.
The police cordon, forensic tents, yellow evidence markers remain in place this morning (May 30) as the hunt for Keelan's killer continues.
Several bouquets of flowers and a trio of candles spelling RIP have been laid at a home near the scene as tribute to the murdered teen.
The cordon has since been taken back but cars belonging to some residents are still within the cordon.
Owners were told by an officer this morning (Thursday), they are hoping to allow residents to access their cars as soon as possible - but no official time has been revealed.
Their grandfather George Ellitts paid an emotional tribute to their 'kind hearted' grandson who once raised hundreds of pounds for Great Ormond Street Hospital in a sponsored hair-cut.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Speaking outside the family home in Wolverhampton on Wednesday, Mr Ellitts said: “To me, they were an angel.”
They said: "He's lived with me all my life.
"He raised a few hundred pounds for Great Ormond Street Hospital a few years back, they had their hair cut, they had the lot off."
Mr Ellitts added: “They were all supposed to be going on holiday a week tomorrow, to Egypt.”
They added that the boy's mother Kelly, who also lived at the address just a few metres from the scene of the attack in Strathfield Walk, was “in a bad way”.
They were seen leaving the home in tears, being comforted by other family members, and getting into a car as scenes of crime officers continued forensic work behind the nearby police-tape cordon.
Mr Killits said Keelan who was due to celebrate their 16th birthday in July, and had just enrolled at college in Birmingham. On the run for attempted murder and GBH - police say they may be in Brum
Members of the community voiced how shocked they were following the incident and described Keelan as a "nice boy".
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said: "We haven't had an incident such as this in Wolverhampton in a very long time.
"But this is not a unique situation. Young people are becoming victims of knife crime. It's happening too regularly.
"If we don't do something about it, it will get worse."
Police are currently analysing CCTV from the resident's homes.
No arrests have been made and the investigation is ongoing.
Anyone with information should call police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
12/11/17 – 6:49 A.M.
Local gas prices are up as we start the new work week. OhioGasPrices.com reports the average price for a gallon of regular in Findlay is $2.31 today. That's a 12 cent increase over last Monday, but down 11 cents from last week's highest prices. A month ago we were paying around $2.43 per gallon.
Drivers in Ottawa report paying $2.29 per gallon today. That's up five cents from last Monday.
Local prices are below the state average, which stands at $2.37 for a gallon of regular. That's up seven cents over the last seven days.
While drug-related crimes increase in the community, local corrections officials say 80 percent of inmates are users
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 7 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
Santa Barbara County law-enforcement officers have seen firsthand what prescription drug misuse and abuse can do to a person — physically, mentally and legally — since they not only investigate drug-related crimes but are often the first responders to the many medical emergencies involving overdoses.
Prescription medications are involved in more U.S. overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
And in Santa Barbara County, drug- and alcohol-related deaths nearly doubled between 2005 and 2009, to 111 from 60. During that five-year period, 350 deaths were recorded with a cause related to overdose or accident apparently influenced by the drug or alcohol use, officials say.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
Prescription drugs are only legal if used for their intended medical purpose, and the Santa Barbara County District Attorney's Office prosecutes cases of possessing, selling or transporting them.
“It wasn't uncommon to arrest people who had just filled a bottle of Vicodin or codeine with a 30 count, and a day later it was almost all gone,” District Attorney's Office investigator Tom Miller told Noozhawk.
“I've probably arrested 500 to 1,000 people who seem to have prescription drugs in their pockets,” they continued. “It was never common that they carried the bottle with them because the pills probably came from their aunt or their mother or someone else.
“As far as law enforcement goes, if you're caught with opiates it's the same as possession of heroin in terms of sentencing. One codeine pill would be (Section) 11350 of the (California) Health and Safety Code, which is equal to having heroin.”
Driving under the influence is a crime regardless of what intoxicating substance was consumed, and many prescription drug DUIs happen after accidentally combining drugs that badly interact, said Deputy District Attorney Michael Carrozzo.
Strong painkillers combined with antidepressants can be a dangerous mixture, they said.
“And then you have people who do it purposefully, who are addicts, who are abusing these prescriptions as well, and driving to work or driving other places,” they added.
Most people who abuse prescribed medications get them from prescriptions for family members or friends, but street sales always have eager buyers, Miller said. In some cases, they said, senior citizens have been known to sell their extra medications to supplement their incomes.
With pills or medical marijuana recommendations, people usually split them into small quantities if they're going to trade or sell them, Carrozzo said.
Strong painkillers like OxyContin are dangerous because they're 80-milligram tablets that have a time-release formula; that is, they are designed to deliver effects over a period of several hours.
“If you crush it, you get a huge jolt of opiate, so when you take it all at once, it's effectively the same as taking heroin; that's why it's so incredibly addictive,” said Cmdr. Scott Barker, supervisor of the Santa Barbara Regional Narcotic Enforcement Team as the county's assigned agent from the state Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement.
It also explains why the street price is $80 per pill, when Valium, Vicodin or Xanax can be purchased for as little as a five-dollar bill.
While Barker and the local law-enforcement officers assigned to their unit are aware of the prescription drug issue in the county, their team is focused on stopping the flow of illegal drugs from Mexico.
“Within the last year, we haven't run into too many prescription drugs, but we do have a UCSB detective on our team and that's one of the reasons he's here,” Barker said. “There's a lot more prescription drug use, especially OxyContin, over at UCSB.”
Legal and illegal substances have a huge impact on local crime rates. In fact, 80 percent of inmates in the Santa Barbara County Main Jail have an alcohol- or drug-related element to their crime, authorities say.
“They're coming off the drug, getting ready to go on the drug or in the middle of the usage,” said Chuck McClain, supervisor of the Sheriff's Treatment Program at the County Jail. “One of those three things when they committed their crime.
“So if you take away the alcohol or drugs for those folks, the crime wouldn't have happened.”
There are many court-mandated drug-treatment programs in Santa Barbara County, but participants in the Sheriff's Treatment Program are incarcerated inmates.
Statistics show that the program cuts the rate of recidivism — the percentage of inmates who will be rearrested after being released — to 30 percent or 35 percent for its graduates, while the rest of the jail population has a 75 percent recidivism rate.
Success rates are especially high with “door-to-door service,” when inmates get released from jail and go directly into a sober living home or other treatment facility instead of going back to their old environments, officials say.
As a 12-step program saying goes: “If you hang around a barber shop long enough, you will get a haircut,” McClain said.
The relationship between substance abuse treatment and recidivism has been drawing attention recently as Gov. Jerry Brown began implementing a realignment of California's correctional system.
In May, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld a lower-court decision that ordered the state to release as many as 46,000 prison inmates over the next two years. Brown and the Legislature came up with a controversial plan to move the least dangerous inmates back to the counties where they were convicted.
As of Oct. 1, California began transferring responsibility for lower-level drug dealers, shoplifters and other felons deemed to be nonviolent or nonsex offenders to the state's 58 county jurisdictions, many of which are grappling with jail overcrowding of their own.
It's estimated that 80 percent of the incoming state inmates could require treatment on some level for behavioral, substance abuse or mental health issues. While some funding has been dedicated for sober living or treatment programs, agencies and organizations running such programs are already operating with dwindling resources.
McClain tracks the drugs of choice reported by inmates in the Sheriff's Treatment Program, which has served more than 8,000 men and women since the program started in 1996 — providing key insight into county trends. Methamphetamines were once the top drugs but they've been replaced by heroin and marijuana, they said.
Meanwhile, McClain said they also have observed a significant uptick in the percentage of inmates who report prescription medications as their drug of choice, to 5 percent last year from less than 1 percent two years ago. They project that number will increase over the next five years.
Perhaps surprisingly, they said most inmates abusing prescription drugs don't abuse other substances.
“The majority of it is, ‘One is pretty good, I'll try two. Two is better, I'll try four,'” they explained. “That's the way that's going, and they'll doctor shop so they can get more of what they're addicted to.”
Substance abuse becomes an issue in probation, too, even among young people.
“If their usual drug choice is alcohol or marijuana and they know they're going to be tested for it, they're going to start changing to different types of drugs to get that high,” said Von Nguyen, a deputy district attorney and juvenile prosecutor.
Adolescents will often turn to prescription drugs from alcohol or marijuana, since random drug testing isn't always comprehensive, they said.
“I can't stress enough how many kids we see violating probation over and over and over again because they're testing positive for marijuana,” Nguyen said.
Burglaries and robberies committed to get prescription drugs are common, in pharmacies, drug stores and marijuana dispensaries, authorities say.
Officials say adolescents steal over-the-counter cold medications that have an age requirement for purchase, and use the drugs to get high. People also steal over-the counter medications that include ephedrine, which is used in stimulants and decongestants, since it's one molecule away from methamphetamine.
In the city of Santa Barbara, there have been at least four burglaries of pharmacies and dispensaries in the last two years, with the perpetrators taking narcotics or marijuana.
Nationwide, armed robberies at pharmacies rose 81 percent between 2006 and 2010, to 686, according to the Drug Enforcement Administration. That accounted for 1.3 million pills, mostly oxycodone-based painkillers like OxyContin or hydrocodone-based painkillers like Vicodin and Norco.
One big problem Santa Barbara County doesn't appear to have is “pill mills,” or sham clinics that exist for the sole purpose of selling prescription drugs.
Florida is infamous as the “Pill Mill Capital” of the United States and, in June, Gov. Rick Scott signed legislation that requires prescribers to register with the state Department of Health, bans prescribing the most-abused drugs under most circumstances, and expands the state's database that monitors distribution of prescription drugs.
Here in Santa Barbara County, the Sheriff Department is creating a tracking system to monitor what kinds of drugs — prescription, legal or illegal — are involved in cases, said Sgt. Brad McVay. That information isn't being tracked currently, they said.
“For us, we've just been looking into the cause of death, but we've learned we do have a growing problem related to drug use,” they said.
The sheriff's Crime Prevention Unit was dissolved after the last round of department budget cuts, and many of those duties are now being filled by volunteers. However, the department's most successful effort at preventing prescription drug abuse and diversion remains: Operation Medicine Cabinet.
The program was launched in 2009 when the Sheriff's Department teamed up with the county Public Works Department's Resource Recovery & Waste Management Division. The public works agency was hopeful of preventing the drugs from ending up in the water table while law enforcement was concerned about recirculation of the pills, “so we were stuck in the same boat,” McVay said.
The county has installed drop boxes at nine sheriff's substations throughout the county. McVay says the boxes are “constantly full” and estimates that one ton of medications are hauled out of the containers every three months.
Pills kept in medicine cabinets at home are an easy supply for adolescents as well a danger for smaller children and seniors.
“It's affecting multiple generations,” McVay said.
The need for disposal also pops up in some unexpected ways.
McVay said people posing as potential homebuyers will often take any drugs that aren't locked up during open houses. They and other law-enforcement officers are working with local real estate agents to encourage them to lock up medicines before opening a home to the public.
“Lock your medicine cabinet,” McVay said. “There's no reason to have medicine out.”
If the home is a residence with a person with a known illness, they said, “any druggie can say ‘I know that's a house with drugs in it ... It's amazing how much locking your medicine cabinet will deter that.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk staff writers Lara Cooper and Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) and .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , respectively. Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk or @NoozhawkNews. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Lagos – A Nigerian firm, Best Hope Services, says it will unveil the first online trade exhibition in the country in May to promote innovations by local inventors, scholars and entrepreneurs.
The company's Chief Executive, Olu Adenodi told newsmen on Monday in Lagos that the online trade fair would allow exhibitors to showcase their products to the world without having to hire an exhibition ground.
According to him, the e-fair will also enable visitors to conveniently participate in the trade exhibition without leaving the comfort of their homes or offices.
“We observed that most innovations in our tertiary institutions will only be heard of for a while but would not be developed, this medium allows for the promotion of such.
“We are creating an opportunity of translating what is obtainable only on land or terrestrial into the air or outer space, taking full advantage of technology and utilising the internet to the fullest,” they said.
Also speaking, the originator of the e-Fair, Prof. Joseph Mba said that the online expo would have huge positive impact on national development.
They said that Nigeria and Africa academic researchers, inventors and problem solvers would be inspired and motivated to creativity and innovations with this idea.
According to him, the e-fair would cover four strategic areas: e-fair expo, e-fair connect, e-fair trade and e-fair events with the aim to have an online trade fair.
They urged Nigerians to register on the website ahead of the first mega online expo for all industries which is scheduled for May 1.
“The timetable had been drawn for different sectors like: technology, automobiles, electronics- home and office durable consumables.
“We urge Nigerians to register before the fair commences in May,” they said.
NAN reports that BSH International Ltd is the concessionaire in charge of the management of the Tafawa Balewa Square, home of the Lagos annual International trade fair.(NAN)
Goerke, Maffenbeier Clinch Canadian Motocross Nationals Titles | by: Press Release
Report provided by CMRC A huge crowd was on hand Sunday at RJ Motosport Park in Barrie, Ontario as it hosted the last round of the CMRC sanctioned 2017 Rockstar Energy Drink Motocross Nationals presented by Motovan. RJ Motosport Park is an hour north of Toronto and proved to be a great test for the riders, and provided spectacular viewing for the spectators. The track itself is a combination of sand and loam, which becomes nasty rough for the riders as the day progresses. Champions were decided in both the MX1 and MX2 classes this weekend as both series went down to the last moto in 2017. It was a great day for Yamaha as they won both classes this year like KTM did in 2016. In the MX1 class, Rockstar Energy OTSFF Yamaha's Matt Goerke captured their third National Title. They did what they had to do in Moto 2 after having problems in the first moto, entering the final moto of the season only 8 points ahead of Rockstar Husqvarna's Christophe Pourcel in the championship. In the MX2 class, MX101 FXR Yamaha Team's Shawn Maffenbeier picked up their sixth win of the season on route to their first National Title after coming into the final round leading Nut Up Industries Kawasaki's Ryan Surratt by 11 points in the Championship, and going into the second moto with a 20-point cushion. MX1 After coming into the final round with a 15-point series lead, things didn't look good for Rockstar Energy OTSFF Yamaha's Matt Goerke when they went launching over the bars on the opening lap, stalled the bike on Lap 3, and couldn't restart it. Goerke finally got it going but found themselves back in twenty-fifth position as they came around to complete their fourth lap while their biggest rival in the series was battling for the lead. Matt charged back to finish sixth in the first moto and do some damage control, while Christophe Pourcel finished second and gained 7 points on Goerke, bringing the gap down to 8 points as the two of them lined up for the final moto of the year. In the second moto, Matt got a great start and led for the first three laps before giving up the position to Pourcel knowing that they didn't have to beat them to win the Championship, and only had to finish in the top 4 to take the title in 2017. Matt rode a smart race to finish third and win their third National Title by only 3 points. On the podium Goerke said, “That second moto was the longest moto of my life. The first moto was so stressful, and after crashing then stalling it I made it difficult for myself today.”
Rockstar Energy OTSFF Yamaha's Matt Goerke was all smiles after winning their third MX1 Canadian National Championship.
Rockstar Husqvarna's Christophe Pourcel came into the final round knowing that they had to win both motos and hope that Goerke would have some bad luck if they were going to win the title. Pourcel qualified second, and after passing Mike Alessi to get into second place in the first moto was handed the lead when Colton Facciotti over jumped a big floater on Lap 7. Pourcel ran up front for five laps before Facciotti could make the pass to get back in the lead. Although Pourcel kept it close they were second at the checkered flag. Christophe's start was not great in Moto 2 but the crafty Frenchman made quick work of those in front of them and grabbed the lead on Lap 4, posted the fastest lap of the moto, and took the win and the overall on the day. In the end it was not enough to take the title, and even after winning five times this year, Christophe had to settle for second in the Championship.. Coming off a dominating 1-1 performance at Round 9 Honda Canada GDR Fox Racing's Colton Facciotti was the fastest qualifier and posted the quickest lap of Moto 1 on route to taking the win. In the second moto, Facciotti moved forward after not getting a great start and was fourth at the checkered flag, putting them third overall for the day. Colton finishes the season strong after winning 3 of the last 4 motos and will have the #3 on their bike in 2018 after finishing third in the Championship and being the top Canadian rider in the series in 2017.
Rockstar Husqvarna's Christophe Pourcel came into the final round 15 points back in the championship.
Competing in only their fifth event in the 2017 series, privateer Jeremy Medaglia looked super impressive after grabbing the holeshot in the first moto and hanging on to finish fourth. Jeremy followed that up with a ninth in Moto 2 to finish fourth overall for the day and hopefully will find a ride for 2018 and race the entire series. Redemption Racing's Cade Clason's 7-6 moto finishes put them fifth overall, which included a holeshot in the second moto. This was Clason's best result since finishing fourth at Round 9 in 2016. Rounding out the top 10 were Royal Distributing Motovan Piller's Race Team's Kyle Chisholm in sixth, Husqvarna's Mike Brown in seventh, Rockstar Energy OTSFF Yamaha's Tim Tremblay in eighth, Husqvarna's Kyle Keast in ninth, and Royal Distributing Motovan Piller's Race Team's Tyler Medaglia in tenth.
Honda Canada GDR Fox Racing's Colton Facciotti won three of the last four MX1 moto's in 2017.
MX2 MX101 FXR Yamaha Team's Shawn Maffenbeier must have been feeling the pressure coming into the final round with an 11-point lead in the series and started the day as the fastest qualifier. Maffenbeier got a great start in the first moto and passed their teammate Jess Pettis to take the lead on Lap 2, and almost went down in the process. From that point on Shawn appeared to be in complete control as they posted the fastest lap of the first moto and took the win. Lining up for the final moto of the year, Maff had a comfortable 20-point lead on Ryan Surratt and rode an intelligent race to finish third, earn their sixth overall victory this season, and win their first National MX2 Title. On the podium with the #1 plate in their hand, Shawn said, “The team worked hard all week to get the bike ready and to keep me calm knowing what was at stake this weekend.”
MX101 FXR Yamaha Team's Shawn Maffenbeier earned their sixth overall victory this season, and won their first National MX2 title.
After starting the season off slowly with their new team, Honda Canada GDR Fox Racing's Dylan Wright put a good finish on 2017 winning the last moto of the season, their first win this year. Wright qualified third fastest and was fourth in Moto 1 after going down early and being passed by Jacob Hayes. Dylan led all but two laps of the second moto and with 4-1 finishes was second overall on the day. Wright passed Ryan Surratt in the standings to finish the season second in the MX2 Class by only one point. Monster Energy Alpinestar Kawasaki's Jacob Hayes put in another strong ride and equaled their best result of the season with a second in Moto 2. Hayes was third in Moto 1 and their 3-2 finishes put them up on the box for the fourth time in 2017, and earns them fourth overall in the MX2 standings for 2017.
Honda Canada GDR Fox Racing's Dylan Wright put a good finish on 2017 winning the last moto of the season.
After being the second fastest qualifier in the morning, MX101 FXR Yamaha Team's Jess Pettis led the opening lap of the first moto before being passed by their teammate and finishing the moto in second. Pettis didn't get a great start in Moto 2 and made a few passes to put themselves fourth at the checkered flag, missing the podium at the end of the day by two points. Jess had a breakout season in 2017 earning their first win and finishing on the podium three times while missing two rounds with injuries. Pettis will finish the season in fifth place in the MX2 standings like they did in 2016. In their first appearance in the MX2 class, Canadian Amateur Marco Cannella finished 6-5 for fifth overall and served notice for 2018 that they have got what it takes to be a contender in the Pro ranks.
Monster Energy Alpinestar Kawasaki's Jacob Hayes finished fourth in the MX2 class for 2017.
State police are looking for information about two local schools, Glover Community and Brighton Elementary that were damaged over the weekend.
John Castle, superintendent of North Country Supervisory Union wrote in an email that a school staff member discovered the vandalism Sunday morning. (Read about it Tuesday in the NDE)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you watched Coronation Street on Friday night, you will have seen one of the soap's most controversial storylines ever - the male rape of one of the main characters.
What you won't have known is that advice on the subject was given to the writers by a Newark man who was themselves a victim of the crime.
Sam Thompson, a 23-year-old DJ, was raped by two men after a night out in Manchester two years ago. They wanted to speak out to raise awareness of the crime and its aftermath.
The storyline broadcast on Friday night saw one of the soap's main characters, David Platt, drugged and raped by their new friend Josh Tucker - and will look in detail at the effect the attack has on him.
(Image: ITV)
Sam didn't initially realise what was happening to them when they woke up as they were being assaulted in a hotel room.
“I didn't know if it was a dream or a nightmare,” they told the Manchester Evening News . “I only remember snippets of it, and my memory of the whole ordeal is hazy.
“It was the way I was in pain - that was the biggest indication. When it was over I got up and left and started walking home to my flat where my girlfriend and friend were waiting for me. When I got back to the flat I just burst out crying.”
Sam, then 22, and their best friend Brady ventured into the city centre and spent the evening exploring different pubs and clubs.
In a haze of vodka shots, they ended up losing each other. Sam, who had also lost their mobile phone, started chatting to and drinking with another group of people.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
“We were all drinking and it's a really hazy memory,” Sam says. “I think I was having a good laugh. The group fizzled down to just two people and me.
“My memory is hazy, but the next thing I remember is one of them pulling off my trousers.”
What followed was an ordeal which lasted hours - in which Sam says the two men took it in turns to rape him.
They remember leaving the hotel at around 8am before staggering home in a daze.
They said: “It was weird - difficult to describe. I was in shock and I don't think it had really hit me. It sounds strange but I went into Morrisons and bought a drink.
“It was only when I got near home that it all hit me and the panic and frustration kicked in. I had feelings of not wanting to live with this”, they said.
Sam, best mate Brady and Sam's girlfriend then went to the police to report the crime.
Injuries to their arms were photographed and they were asked to give details of what they could remember to a specially trained officer. They say they were also asked questions about their sexuality and if the complaint was genuine.
“It wasn't an easy experience,” they say. “I was talking to a woman I had not met. I think I would have found it easier to talk to a man to be honest. I had not slept at all. It was like I was being questioned for a crime.
“I had never heard of this happening to a straight man. I felt like they didn't believe me. It created so much more stress."
Exhausted after their ordeal, they managed to sleep only briefly before a forensic examination, where they were internally examined, given blood tests and advice on sexually transmitted diseases.
“I still smelt of these two people. I just wanted to shower,” they say. “It was a horrible experience but I can't fault the people who took the samples.
“It was not a nice ordeal to go through and being given things like HIV advice is horrible, but at that point I had already made a report.”
Desperate to leave Manchester, Sam was driven home that night to Newark, where they spent the next month ‘dazed' in front of the TV.
“That first weekend it was horrible for me and for my family and anyone else around me,” they say. “I couldn't be left alone in the house because I would cry and scream. I just couldn't be left on my own.
“I spent a month sat in front of the television. I couldn't sleep and, if I did sleep, I would have night terrors."
It took several weeks before Sam felt strong enough to DJ at a local event and from that moment on they knew they could not let the attack ruin their life.
“I decided I was not going to let it beat me,” they say. “My attitude was that I was not going to let them win. With me sat in the house doing nothing else they were continually beating me.
“Now I've had therapy I know it's about control and power. When you've been raped someone has taken away your power and control.”
After admitting they needed help, Sam had counselling and has since become a Survivors ambassador, even working with Coronation Street as a script advisor on the David Platt storyline.
Sam said: “For me the worst thing was thinking it didn't happen to other men. It's about talking. If you talk to friends, family, professionals, police anyone it helps. And if you can't say the words then write them down or put them in a text.
“The moment you stop trying to keep it in is when you stop feeling alone. It helps you accept this has happened. It's not the end of your life.”
Detective inspector Zed Ali, of Greater Manchester Police, said: “I can't commend Mr Thompson enough for their immense fortitude in raising awareness of this horrendous crime and also highlighting the importance of seeking specialist support.
“I would urge everyone to keep safe by remaining with friends when on a night out and ensure you and your friends return home safely together. Don't accept a drink from a stranger and do keep an eye on your own drink to ensure it has not been tampered with.”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Nigeria's footballers the Super Eagles on Wednesday left for London, where they take on England in a friendly this weekend as part of their final preparations for the World Cup in Russia.
Before they left, the country's President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo met the squad of 25 and senior officials in the capital Abuja.
The players will be joined in England by Chelsea midfielder Victor Moses, who was given an extended break after a hectic season with the Premier League side.
Injury doubt Moses Simon, from Belgian side Gent, was on the flight and will have a third scan to determine the extent of a hamstring injury they suffered recently in training.
Super Eagles coach Gernot Rohr has dropped four players from their provisional 30-man squad: goalkeeper Dele Ajiboye, defenders Stephen Eze and Uche Agbo, and forward Junior Lokosa.
Rohr will whittle down the squad to 23 after the match at Wembley on Saturday.
Nigeria is due to attend a final training camp in Austria and a final friendly against the Czech Republic on June 6, before heading to Russia on June 11.
The three-time African champions have been drawn in Group D with Argentina, Croatia and Iceland. Their first game is on June 16 against Croatia in Kaliningrad.
Mark Zuckerberg Under Fire for Massive Data Leak
A U.S. senator is demanding that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee, after reports that a company employed by President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign accessed profile data from more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission.
"This is a major breach that must be investigated," Sen. Amy Klobuchar, a Minnesota Democrat, tweeted Saturday. "It's clear these platforms can't police themselves ... They say 'trust us.' Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate Judiciary."
Facebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the senator's demand.
On Friday evening, the Menlo Park social media giant -- with the New York Times poised to publish on Saturday an article about the massive data leak -- admitted in a news release that Cambridge Analytica had years ago obtained user data from a "personality prediction" app that was downloaded by about 270,000 people.
The app developer could then access "information such as the city they set on their profile, or content they had liked, as well as more limited information about friends who had their privacy settings set to allow it," Facebook said.
The developer accessed the data through what were the proper channels at the time, but "lied to us and violated our Platform Policies by passing data (to) Cambridge Analytica," the company said.
Cambridge Analytica harvested profile information from more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission, the Associated Press reported.
Facebook subsequently changed the rules governing developers' use of its data, and now requires them to justify and explain proposed data collection before they're allowed to access user information or ask for it, the company said.
Cambridge Analytica denied wrongdoing, saying it had deleted the data it received from the developer, the Associated Press reported. Facebook, however, said in its news release that it had received reports several days ago that not all the data was deleted.
"We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims," the company said.
Cambridge Analytica, linked to Trump campaign strategist Steve Bannon, used the data to develop techniques that formed the foundation of its work on the Trump campaign, The New York Times and The Guardian reported.
Facebook executives took to Twitter on Saturday to argue strenuously that the data leak was not a data breach.
"This was unequivocally not a data breach," tweeted longtime executive Andrew Bosworth. "People chose to share their data with third party apps and if those third party apps did not follow the data agreements with us/users it is a violation. No systems were infiltrated, no passwords or information were stolen or hacked."
One of the New York Times reporters who wrote the newspaper's story on the leak responded. "Facebook officials today playing semantic -- but legally very important to regulators -- word games about a data 'breach,' " Nick Confessore? tweeted. "But who needs to steal passwords when Facebook will just give some dude access to your profile and not even check their app out that closely?"
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Courtesy of Facebook.
There's nothing bad, wrong, or dirty about a celebrity making a consensual sex tape. Unfortunately, sometimes those tapes get stolen or leaked. Here, the stories behind some of the most infamous videos you weren't meant to see. (And, no, we won't be linking to them.)
Kim Kardashian and Ray J
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In 2007, Vivid Entertainment released "Kim Kardashian, Superstar," a 41-minute tape purchased from an unidentified third party for $1 million. Kim sued to prevent its release, but eventually settled for a rumored $5 million. "This tape, which was made three years ago, and was meant to be something private between myself and my then-boyfriend is extremely hurtful not only to me, but to my family as well," Kim told People at the time. "I am filing legal charges against the company who is distributing this tape since it is being sold completely without my permission or consent."
Vivid cochairperson Steven Hirsch responded, "We are comfortable that we have the legal right to distribute this video, despite what others may say. We have been around for 20 years and if we didn't feel comfortable putting it out, we wouldn't. We would like Kim and Ray J to be a part of it and hopefully we can work that out."
Speaking to Oprah in 2012, Kim said they aren't "naive to the fact" that they were "introduced to the world" via their sex tape, and that since it was a "negative" introduction, they had to work "ten times harder to get people to see the real [Kim]."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
They also addressed rumors that they leaked the sex tape herself. "Why would anyone put that humiliation on their family like that?" they said.
In their 2016 book Kardashian Dynasty, Ian Halperin claimed that Kris Jenner orchestrated the whole thing, quoting an insider who said, "It was Kris who engineered the deal behind the scenes and was responsible for the tape seeing the light of day." She, too, has denied having anything to do with the sale of the tape.
Paris Hilton and Rick Salomon
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"I feel embarrassed and humiliated, especially because my parents and the people who love me have been hurt," Hilton told the Associated Press after the release of their sex tape in 2003. "I was in an intimate relationship and never, ever thought that these things would become public."
The release of the tape via the Seattle-based company Marvad Corp. was followed by several lawsuits: according to People, Salomon filed a $10 million suit against the company for distributing the footage without the legal rights, and Marvad filed a breach of contract suit against Salomon's roommate, claiming — per People — that the roommate "misled the company into believing they owned the rights to the video." According to People, Salomon also filed a $10 million slander suit against Hilton, their parents and publicist, claiming their response to the tape suggested they had non-consensual sex with Hilton. (His suit against Hilton was later dropped.)
Hilton did not sue Salomon, but they did file a $30 million invasion of privacy lawsuit against Kahatani Ltd., a Panama-based Internet company that distributed the video, which was later dismissed.
Salomon eventually sold the tape themselves to Red-Light District Video, where it got the infamous name One Night in Paris. It's been reported that Hilton collected a percentage of the profits as well as a $400,000 payment, but they claim she's "never made a dollar" off the tape.
"I wish I had never met him," Hilton told Marie Claire of Salomon in August 2017." That is actually the one regret in my life. I wish that I had never met that guy. I could not leave my house for months. I was so depressed, humiliated. I didn't want to be seen in public."
Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty
Perhaps the most infamous celebrity sex tape of all time, this 1996 video was stolen by the couple's disgruntled electrician. From there, a member of the Italian mob paid $50,000 to cover manufacturing and distribution of the tape over the Internet, the idea being he'd get a cut of the sales — but a wave of copycat websites upended the business plan. With the video spreading fast, Anderson and Lee filed a $10 million civil lawsuit against everyone they thought might have a copy of the tape.
They got nowhere legally until the tape made its way to 25-year-old Internet whizkid Seth Warshavsky. After a judge refused to issue an injunction that would keep them from airing the video on their site Club Love, Anderon and Lee decided to settle. From there, Warshavsky cut a deal with Steven Hirsch, owner of Vivid Entertainment, to manufacture VHS, DVD and CD-ROM copies. Though there are rumors that Anderson and Lee cut a deal of their own to share in profits made off the video, both deny ever making money off the tape.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Jennifer Lopez and Ojani Noa
Getty
For years, Lopez's ex-husband of eleven months shopped an intimate video of life with their ex-wife, reportedly including nudity and private footage from their honeymoon (so this one's not quite a "sex tape"), that they called "How I Married Jennifer Lopez: The J.Lo and Ojani Noa Story." The video was reportedly in violation of the confidential agreement they signed after their separation from Lopez, and their lawyers fought its release accordingly. As of 2011, the tape was literally locked up by the court in a safe deposit box.
Colin Farrell and Nicole Narain
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Farrell and Playboy model Nicole Narain dated in 2003 and recorded a 14-minute sex tape. A couple years later, the tape was released and, according to People, Farrell accused Narain of "trying to distribute the tape through an intermediary," which they denied. "I try not to let too many things get to me, but this is definitely stressful," they said of the claims in 2005. "I really would like my name to be cleared. I have nothing to do with this."
Farrell and Narain reached an "amicable settlement" in 2006, though the terms remained confidential.
Nearly 200,000 people living below the tallest dam in the United States were forced to evacuate after a spillway appeared in danger of collapse.
EU-Canada free trade deal approved by MEPs
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Irish author Eimear McBride has been named as one of the winners of Britain's oldest literary awards.
McBride and Laura Cumming were announced Monday evening as the 2017 winners of the James Tait Black Prizes, awarded annually by the University of Edinburgh.
The winners of the £10,000 prizes were unveiled by broadcaster Sally Magnusson at the Edinburgh International Book Festival.
McBride scooped the fiction prize with their second novel The Lesser Bohemians, which traces a love affair between an 18-year-old drama student and an older actor in mid-90s London.
The writer, who was born in Liverpool but grew up in the west of Ireland, topped a shortlist that included A Country Road, A Tree by Jo Baker; What Belongs To You by Garth Greenwell; and The Sport Of Kings by CE Morgan.
Them debut novel A Girl Is A Half-formed Thing won the 2013 Goldsmiths Prize and the Baileys Women's Prize for Fiction 2014.
Fiction judge of the James Tait Black Prize, Dr Alex Lawrie, of the University of Edinburgh, said of their latest novel: “Eimear McBride's astonishing second novel is full of wit, energy and nerve, an extraordinary rendering of a young woman's consciousness as they eagerly embark on a new life in London.”
Cumming's winning book, The Vanishing Man: In Pursuit Of Velazquez, is their first biography.
It focuses on the Spanish court painter Diego Velazquez and a Victorian bookseller who thought they had found a lost painting of the celebrated artist.
Cumming, art critic for The Observer since 1999, fought off competition from a shortlist that featured A Life Discarded: 148 Diaries Found In A Skip by Alexander Masters; A Stain In The Blood: The Remarkable Voyage Of Sir Kenelm Digby by Joe Moshenska; and Rasputin by Douglas Smith.
Biography judge Dr Jonathan Wild, of the University of Edinburgh, said of the winning entry: “The Vanishing Man is a real gem of a book which fully deserves its place among the winners of this prize.”
The James Tait Black Awards were founded in 1919 by Janet Coats, the widow of publisher James Tait Black, to commemorate their husband's love of good books.
PA
Hotel staffers scramble to get DJ Irie the right kind of water “Among other unique items on Irie's rider, including two clean and new room-temperature-wet hand towels, is that they must have ‘six sealed 32-ounce bottles of Aquafina water in their DJ...
Scott Disick and Sofia Richie spotted arguing in Miami “[Richie] wouldn't even talk to him. They grabbed their neck to try and kiss her, and they aren't having it. They ended up leaving.”
Model Karolina Kurkova shows off their private-island Miami home It's a sun-kissed afternoon on Miami's Fisher Island, and Karolina Kurkova is posing for our cover in a just-off-the-runway ensemble, their mesmerizing smile filling each frame. But the gorgeous island...
Starchitect Richard Meier's must-haves — just don't ask them about Andy Warhol Pritzker Prize-winning architect Richard Meier, 83, has been making modern masterpieces for more than 50 years — and shows no signs of slowing down. Their renowned buildings, including the High...
Nearly nude dude makes a scene at Art Basel Hong Kong The art world got an eyeful during a VIP preview of Art Basel Hong Kong this week.
Shanina Shaik likes to window shop at Art Basel It was the second time they attended the Miami Beach affair.
Jean-Michel Basquiat piece sells for $15M at Art Basel Sources say the artwork was purchased by Greek-born billionaire asset manager and art collector Dimitri Mavrommatis.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Toshiba shares plummet on new fears over future of business
Getty
The picture is getting clearer as we look towards the 2018 World Cup. There are 11 teams who have qualified for Russia leaving 21 spots still up for grabs.
The following teams have qualified for the 2018 World Cup: Russia, Brazil, Mexico, Iran, South Korea, Japan, Saudi Arabia, Belgium, Germany, England and Spain. By virtue of hosting the tournament, Russia automatically qualified for the World Cup.
Europe has the most qualifying spots for the World Cup. According to ESPN, Europe has 13 qualifying spots for the tournament. Africa has five spots which are all still up for grabs. Asia has four spots, CONCACAF has three spots and CONMEBOL has four positions. The final two remaining spots will be based on the playoff results of teams from CONMEBOL-OFC and CONCACAF-Asia.
The actual matchups will be determined by a World Cup draw on Friday, December 1. The teams will be divided into eight groups of four during the draw taking place at the Kremlin.
There is no shortage of close races to secure World Cup bids. In South America, Uruguay, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Argentina, Paragua and Ecuador are all fighting for the final three positions. All seven countries have 20 or more points. In CONCACAF, the United States, Panama and Honduras are battling for the final CONCACAF spot.
Africa is divided into three groups. Tunisia and Congo are fighting for Group A. Nigeria and Zambia sit atop Group B. Ivory Coast and Morocco are leading Group C.
Tuesday, October 10 marks a big day for the 2018 World Cup as the majority of the field will be set. Europe will host their final qualifying matches at 2:45 p.m. Eastern. South America has four matches that all kick off at 7:30 p.m. Eastern. CONCACAF has three matches that start at 8 p.m. Eastern.
The 2018 World Cup kicks off in Russia on Thursday, June 14. The World Cup final is on Sunday, July 15.
Video
Financial Conduct Authority chief executive Andrew Bailey says the scourge of high fees charged by big banks on unauthorised overdrafts will be "tackled" by the end of the year.
Mr Bailey told the Today programme that the FCA was "not going to hang around on this" and that it has "got to do this work within the rest of the year".
FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges. A statement issued through a spokesperson Wednesday, May 30, says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare them to testify. They say they learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not. New York Post via AP, Pool Steven Hirsch
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — Companies will drop about $5 million for 30 seconds of ad time during the Big Game this year.
The company Dialsmith has developed technology that lets companies pinpoint what people are and are not responding to when watching ads.
Viewers can grade the ads using a slider, which can be done on a computer, phone or tablet.
Dialsmith can monitor those ratings in real time.
As each ad is released, we'll have it ready for you on the Big Game category on our website.
You can check it out ahead of time here.
Sterling Bank Plc has unveiled an automobile finance partnership deal with Tata Africa Services Limited to provide easy and affordable facility for Small and Medium Scale Enterprises (SMEs), which will enable them acquire various brands of vehicles and spare parts from the auto company.
At the unveiling ceremony by senior officials of both firms, Executive Director, Retail & Consumer Banking, Sterling Bank, Mr Grama Narasimhan, said: “We are delighted to partner with Tata Africa Services Limited to improve access to commercial auto loans and best-in-class operational vehicles to business owners in the country.”
They said the scheme is aimed at empowering micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) to acquire operational vehicles which will in turn accelerate their growth through timely and hitch free delivery of products and services to customers.
“What we are offering here is for SMEs, structured in such a way that it is easy for people to invest. It offers good interest rate, tenure and durable products which are one of the best in the market,” they stated.
According to Narasimhan, interested customers are expected to contribute a minimum of 20 percent and/or a maximum of 80 percent of the cost of the vehicle, adding that the bank's funding is subject to change based on the borrower's capacity.
Also speaking at the ceremony, Auto Head, TATA Motors Ltd, Mr Suraj Prakash, said: “We are partnering with Sterling Bank to offer one of the best value propositions in commercial auto finance through our wide product range of cars, buses, semi-trucks, trucks, delivery vans and after sales services.
“The partnership will bring prosperity to the people, help businesses to grow and in general, contribute to the growth of the Nigerian economy. In this partnership, we are taking calculated steps to ensure that it is a success.”
The following info/pictures are from Rep. Janelle Bynum's Facebook Page: Live from the mean streets of Clackamas!!! Big shout out to Officer Campbell who responded professionally to someone who said that I was going door to door and spending a lot of time typing on my cell phone after each house—- aka canvassing and keeping account of what my community cares about! I asked to meet my constituent who thought I was suspicious, but they were on the road by then. The officer called her, we talked and they did apologize.
(CNN) — A black Oregon state representative says someone called the police on them while they were canvassing door-to-door in their district.
Rep. Janelle Bynum represents District 51, which includes the area of Clackamas County, where they were campaigning.
In a Facebook post Tuesday, the Democrat wrote that a woman notified police that Bynum was suspicious because they were “spending a lot of time typing on my cell phone after each house.”
Bynum is running for reelection in the fall, and said they take notes when she's visiting their constituents to keep an account of what their community cares about.
They praised the deputy who responded for being professional, and said they asked them if they could meet the woman who made the call, but they were not available.
“The officer called her, we talked and they did apologize,” Bynum said, without specifying the race of the caller.
CNN has reached out to Bynum and the police department for comment. Bynum told local media that someone called 911 and reported that they were spending too much time at houses in the area.
In recent weeks, there have been a series of widely-publicized instances of police being called on black people engaging in regular activities. In one incident in Ohio, someone called the police on a 12-year-old boy for mowing the wrong lawn.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas spoke harshly against the United States Ambassador to Israel David Friedman, calling them a "son of a dog" in a speech on Monday.
Abbas made the comment in a speech they delivered to a meeting of the Ramallah-based Palestinian leadership at the PA presidential headquarters.
Tragedy in Israel. 2 young soldiers, Netanel Kahalani and Ziv Daos, murdered in the North, and father of 4, Adiel Kolman, murdered in Jerusalem, by Palestinian terrorists. Such brutality and no condemnation from the PA! I pray for the families and the wounded – so much sadness. — David M. Friedman (@USAmbIsrael) March 19, 2018
Abbas's comments come after Friedman criticized the Palestinian Authority in a tweet on Monday for failing to condemn two terror attacks which took the lives of three Israelis.Abbas also accused Hamas of carrying out the roadside bombing that struck PA Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah and PA General Intelligence Services Majid Faraj's motorcade in the northern Gaza Strip last week.“We are fully aware that Hamas is the one who stands behind that incident and carried it out,” Abbas said.On Tuesday morning, a roadside bomb exploded adjacent to Hamdallah and Faraj's motorcade in Beit Hanoun in northern Gaza, injuring seven members of their staffs and damaging several carsOn the same day, Abbas's office said Hamas bears responsibility for the bombing, but stopped short of formally accusing Hamas of carrying it out.Meanwhile, some Hamas officials suggested on Tuesday that Israel carried out the bombing, while other Hamas leaders insinuated the PA did.Abbas also said that the Ramallah-based Palestinian leadership does not want any details from the Hamas-run security forces' investigation into the incident.“We don't want any information from them. We don't want anything from them,” Abbas said.The Hamas-run security forces in Gaza have been investigating the bombing and arrested a number of individuals suspected of carrying it out, according to Hamas-run Interior Ministry spokesperson Iyad al-Bozm.Abbas added that they have decided to “all national, legal and financial measures to preserve the national project” after they were met with rejection by “Hamas and its illegitimate authorities.”However, the PA president did not explicitly state which measures they decided to take, but they appeared to suggest that they will affect Gazans when implemented.Last year, Abbas ordered cuts to budgets allocated to Gaza for electricity, medical services, government employees' salaries and other purposes to pressure Hamas to cede control of the coastal enclave.
NEED TO CATCH up? TheJournal.ie brings you a round-up of today's news.
IRELAND
Veteran 2nd Staff Private Thomas C Kenny at the unveiling of a plaque for their former comrade Sgt Hugh Gaynor. Source: Sam Boal/Rollingnews.ie
WORLD
Luca Traini has been identified by police as the suspected shooter in Italy. Source: ANSA/PA Images
#MACERATA: A far-right supporter wounded six foreign nationals in a brazen drive-by shooting in central Italy and was later arrested, local police have said.
#SYRIA: A Russian pilot has been killed in clashes with hardline rebels after they downed their warplane over Syria's northwest province of Idlib.
#BIRMINGHAM: Police in the UK are seeking a “brutal and heartless” attacker who broke into the home of an 87-year-old great-grandmother and demanded money.
PARTING SHOT
Opinion: Uma Thurman is ready to talk about why she's angry. They tell Maureen Dowd about their experiences with Harvey Weinstein. https://t.co/ZzPMGA5TTj — The New York Times (@nytimes) February 3, 2018 Source: The New York Times /Twitter
In October of last year, Uma Thurman was asked about the Harvey Weinstein scandal at the opening night of their Broadway play. Them response was one of carefully-controlled rage, and it instantly went viral.
Today, they spoke in detail to the New York Times, accusing Weinstein of attacking their multiple times.
Written by Lauren Buser. Media by Quinten Brown.
“E Pluribus Unum.”
These words pierced the hearts of the ladies and gentlemen who attended the Immigration Colloquium. Immigration attorney, Jennifer Ibanez Whitlock, cleared up some of the confusion about U.S. Citizenship.
Being A Citizen of the U.S.
Since Sept. 11, 2001, it's been difficult for people to immigrate to the states and there is no pathway to legal status available for the majority of immigrants. Many misconceptions and negative responses are involved with the immigration conversation. For example, marrying a U.S. citizen does not make a person a citizen. Whitlock states,
To become a legal immigrant of the United States is a very narrow path. Unless you fit snugly into one of the categories, there is nothing we can do.”
Being born in the U.S., however, is not the only way to become a citizen. Adoption and the Child Status Citizenship Act can also lead to citizenship. Additionally, the United States has laws in place for non-citizens such as Equal Protection Under the Law and Due Process of Fair Procedure where lives, liberty, and property are at stake.
Why it Matters
Our country's laws are changing, so, as college students, it is our civil duty to be aware of where the United States stands on these issues. The legality of immigration has always been a struggle. The U.S. Federal Government has tried to restrict immigration and federal law has been against specific immigrants, such as the Chinese and Irish at certain points in time. The state government has even tried to create laws that override the federal government on this topic. As a citizen of the United States, church, and/or private college, we have more opportunities than most to use our voice to change the negative views of immigrants. Extend hands of friendship and faith to those who do not speak the same language. Hold events at church and services in other languages or have a special offering to help those who need assistance to afford an immigration attorney.
Ways to Become a Citizen
There are many ways to attain citizenship in the United States: Non-Immigrant Visa, Green Card, Employment Based Immigration, Diversity Visa, or claiming asylum or refugee status. While these options make it seem easy for immigrants to get in, that is not the case. Each immigrant must go through a vetting process. This process can take up to two years and each person is checked by over eight government agencies, three in-person interviews, and multiple background checks. It can take 13 plus years to gain citizenship, and even then, you may have to wait up to seven more for your child to gain the same status.
Prayer is key in a time like this. Our country is undergoing many shifts and changes in morals and laws. As the next generation of adults, we need to be educated on the efforts, or lack thereof, in our country for such important thoughts and ideas. I leave you with this quote from Elie Wiesel:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
We should not underestimate the power of modern communication technologies and their effect. What looks like a simple technology for communication between people and sharing pictures, music and video clips has become a self-contained world capable of affecting even history.
We remember the last decade of the previous century when internet chatrooms took the world by storm and became the focus of computer- and information-savvy people. We remember the familiar sound of the modem as it connected to the internet, a sound full of promises. First, we would check the news and perhaps some topics of interest, then we would head to our favourite chatroom, where a whole world of both important and trivial topics and interests awaited us.
With time, more specialised software such as MSN Messenger, Skype and Yahoo Messenger made direct and live contact between individual users possible and chatting became an essential part of life whether for work purposes or for entertainment, discussion and even the occasional argument online.
The real revolution, however, came about when several ingredients came together. It was essentially the phenomenal spread of social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter combined with the advent of powerful smartphones that produced the crucial cocktail for an unprecedented worldwide connectivity critical enough to engage far-reaching changes. The rest, as they say, is history.
It would be unfair to say that the third world was slow in accepting the new communication technologies and applications. The Arab world, for example, seems much more taken in by the new technology than the West. In Western countries, the average citizen was kept updated through the media about progress in technology and communication. The changes came progressively to Western users, who had time to adapt.
It was easy for users in Western countries to have virtual meetings and conferences or organise huge campaigns and demonstrations.
It was possible because of centuries-old traditions of respect for individual freedoms as long as they didnâ€™t conflict with security and stability. Still, many Western users could not foresee the tremendous changes brought about by social platforms and smartphones, changes that surpass the effect of the printing press five centuries ago.
Being used to primitive mass media and their very static style of presenting ideas and information, users in the Arab world are usually happy with generalities and a bit of exaggeration. Social media and SMS technology have replaced traditional mouth-to-ear channel for spreading rumours.
The form of the rumour may have changed to a Photoshopped picture or a chat snippet in bad Arabic but it is still a rumour. Still, the effect of the new communication technologies in the Arab world was tremendous. For proof, witness the positive and negative changes in the Arab world.
Modern communication technologies have made it easy for extremist ideologies to impose their own worldviews and feed the chaos in the Arab world. At the same time, the response to this intellectual invasion was, in broad terms, focusing on the effect of political Islam in its Muslim Brotherhood, Salafist and Khomeinist versions.
The effect of the technological revolution on Arab countries was profound and divisive because they were not prepared for it. Western countries, by comparison, were sort of immune to this effect, until today.
Communication technologies have played an enormous role in determining the outcomes of the Brexit vote in Britain and the 2016 presidential election in the United States. On both occasions, popular and populist communication channels were heavily used but with a twist. Custom-tailored messages targeted individual users. The campaign messages are no longer broad addressing societal concerns and enhancing community experiences but individualised, targeting specific concerns and reactions.
In Britain, frustrated job seekers were sent messages inciting them against Eastern European migrants who â€œhave stolenâ€‌ their jobs. Xenophobes received pictures of long lines of immigrants and asylum seekers. In the United States, voters who were unhappy with Americaâ€™s indecisiveness on the world scene received messages with pictures of Donald Trump as the heroic candidate ready to return America to its former glory. Little did they know that the messages were sent by Russian agents.
Customised messages resemble old voter or member recruitment tactics. Parties and religious sects would send simple activists to talk to common average folks and a high-flying intellectual to stroke the egos of other high-flying intellectuals. What is important is the result. The technology behind the modern methods is amazing in its capacity to emulate the human mind and anticipate its reactions but, in the end, the manipulation is the same.
We are facing crucial changes in the history of humanity. It would be useless to resist them and stupid to underestimate their effect. In our Arab world, there are plenty of people who do not realise how much the world has changed.
Haitham El-Zobaidi is chairperson of Al Arab Publishing House.  They are also chairperson and publisher of The Arab Weekly and Al-Jadeed magazine.
آ© The Arab Weekly
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Big companies pay large chunk of disputed tax after Revenue campaign
With the tug of a rope, Rougned Odor dropped the banner on the back of the truck that serves as the start of the countdown to spring training. No Ranger is looking more forward to the 2018 season than Odor.
ARLINGTON - Come the start of February every year, almost every team in baseball creates a photo opp of movers putting the final boxes in an 18-wheeler that is bound for spring training.
"I'm really excited," they said. "I can't be away from baseball, so I don't really like the offseason. I can't wait to start."
In the case of Odor, the offseason was necessity, though. It seemed it was the only thing capable of
stopping them from swatting wildly at anything spherical. By the time 2017 ended, Odor's batting average had fallen to .204 and perhaps only three hits on the season's penultimate day kept them from finishing below .200. It did not, however, prevents their OPS from being comically bad.
OPS - on-base- plus-slugging percentage - is supposed to give an idea of how threatening a batter is. Guys who walk a lot tilt towards the OBP element; sluggers, naturally, tilt towards slugging. Odor, never a walker, finished with 30 homers and a .649 OPS. Their slugging percentage: .397. It is both the lowest slugging percentage and lowest OPS for any player with a 30-homer season.
Odor's biggest issue was rooted in a lack of command of the strike zone. They started swinging early in the count and never stopped. They had the 12th most one-pitch at-bats in the majors. They hit .319 in those at-bats, which looks nice, but the major league average on 0-0 pitches last year was .353. Hitters who swung at the first pitch attacked pitches they could handle, not everything in the field of vision. Odor finished with the ninth lowest percentage of pitches taken in the majors.
Something's got to change.
On Friday, though, asked on several occasions, they said they intended to be the "same" player.
"I have to be the same," Odor said to one formation of a question about what must change. "I have to play like how I play. I give 100 percent. [Years like 2017] are part of baseball. I'm going to continue to play hard. I believe in myself."
It would be easy to take this statement and conclude Odor is a stubborn player, perhaps unaware - or worse, unconcerned - about their offensive production. This one may need a bit of baseball
interpretation.
The Rangers don't want Odor to lose their intensity and they don't want to dramatically alter their approach at the plate. Manager Jeff Banister has said that on multiple occasions. What they want is for Odor to simply better identify pitches they can handle and attack those. Don't change, per se, but adjust. It's something they tried to do all last season, listening to one suggestion after another, but perhaps stuck in the cycle of trying to simply hit their way out of things, they never made progress.
BWG Foods, the owner of the Spar franchise in Ireland, has refinanced its debts estimated at about €220 million. It is understood the new banking facility has freed up a €33 million war chest for BWG to spend on fresh acquisitions.
As part of the refinancing deal, Dutch lender Rabobank has joined the retail and wholesaling group's banking consortium, which also includes AIB, Bank of Ireland and Barclays.
Johannesburg-listed Spar South Africa (SSA), which owns an 80 per cent stake in BWG, referred briefly to the deal in its interim financial results yesterday. SSA did not reveal the value of the refinancing, while BWG was unavailable for comment. The debts stood at €220 million when a previous refinancing was announced in 2015, and are thought to remain close to that level.
Growth
SSA reported to its investors that sales at BWG, which has unlimited status and does not file accounts, rose 2.9 per cent to €730 million in the six months to the end of March.
It revealed that Storm Emma, which paralysed Ireland shortly before Easter and sparked panic sales of bread and other food items, helped drive “significant turnover growth” at BWG, which also owns the Mace brand.
“The business recorded significant turnover growth in the month of March, not only impacted by the earlier Easter, but also driven by the major storm weather that closed down large portions of Ireland and the United Kingdom as consumers bought in large quantities of food and beverages,” said SSA.
The group's network of more than 1,300 stores recorded after-tax profits of more than €15 million, the results show.
SSA said that all of BWG's brands in Ireland, including Spar, Mace, XL Europspar and Londis, recorded solid growth. Its BWG Wine & Spirits and BWG Foodservice brands grew at 11.8 per cent and 18.6 per cent respectively.
“[BWG] group's management continued to apply strict cost management measures which underpinned the double-digit growth in profit,” SSA said.
The British-based Gilletts group that is owned by BWG recorded growth of 7.4 per cent, and business in its Appleby Westward division in Britain declined due to the loss of two independent retailer groups.
Revenues
Overall, BWG's British division, which comprises more than 11 per cent of the group, reported revenues down 2.5 per cent in euro, due to the continued weakness of sterling.
BWG's €14 million acquisition of 4 Aces Wholesale, which gives it a supply line into Gala stores, received regulatory approval and closed in July. The cash freed up by the refinancing gives BWG scope to make further buyouts.
SSA bought an 80 per cent share in BWG in 2014, with the remainder owned by its Irish management team, led by chief executive and former Ibec president Leo Crawford.
Mr Crawford and their fellow shareholders, property director John Clohisey and finance director John O'Donnell, steered the BWG group through the crash, when it suffered due to legacy property debts.
Scottish outfit Utility ROV Services (URS) is to charter a DP2 vessel from Cyprus-based EDT Ship Management in order to carry out boulder clearance in the European renewables market.
URS will deploy its Utrov remotely operated vehicle (ROV) service from the EDT Kennedy vessel (pictured) starting in May.
The charter is for one-year initially with an option to extend the contract further for an unspecified period.
URS managing director Patrick Crawford said: “URS have been looking to partner with a suitable vessel owner for some time, and we are pleased to enter this agreement with EDT.
“They have a shared vision of providing high quality services into the renewables market, at a cost base that is competitive, whilst delivering high productivity.”
Image: Utility ROV Services
The following is a summary of some of the crime data collected by the Police Department over the last two months for the City of Santa Barbara.
This information has been gleaned from a combination of statistical analysis and input from Patrol Division and Investigative Division supervisors tasked with reviewing crime reports.
The overall numbers of major crimes reported, commonly referred to as “Part 1” crimes, are slightly up from the previous month, but in most categories are down in comparison to year-to-date figures from 2012. Minor crimes reported, known as “Part 2” crimes, are down from the previous month and roughly even with year-to-date figures from 2012.
» Violent crimes: The rate of many violent crimes is down, particularly instances of rape. The exception seems to be cases of aggravated assault, which have been down in recent months, but are still up for the year. Many of the documented robberies continue to be shoplifting incidents that turn violent when the perpetrator is confronted by store employees.
» Property crimes: The overall rate of property crimes continues to decrease. Cases of vehicle theft have been down recently, however are still up in comparison to year to date figures from 2012. Detectives report that several cases involve cars with keys left inside or the engine left running. A number of other cases involve victims and suspects that are acquaintances. Residential burglaries were spread throughout the city. Detectives report that few of these instances involve suspects breaking into homes; most points of entry are unlocked side or rear doors or windows. Jewelry, cash and laptop computers are the most popular items to steal.
» Gang incidents: The overall number of gang incidents is down from the previous month however the severity of gang violence, i.e., shooting and stabbing, remains unchanged.
— Sgt. Riley Harwood is a public information officer for the Santa Barbara Police Department.
In summer 2015, Sto Mahoney, '15, had just landed an internship in Davidson, North Carolina, and was searching Craigslist for a temporary roommate.
Mahoney found Evan York, a recent graduate of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. To their surprise, what was supposed to be a temporary living situation turned out to be a once-in-a-lifetime business partnership.
Mahoney and York are the co-founders of SHIP'D, a business rooted in Asheville, North Carolina, that aims to refurbish shipping containers into luxurious vacation homes.
Hoping to make its services available in summer of 2018, the company's mission is to create a sustainable and temporary housing solution that acts as a paradise away from home.
“We want shipping containers all over the country that act as a modern getaway for couples or groups of friends, and we want to do it with sustainability in mind,” York said.
The idea for SHIP'D came about from a mixture of serendipitous realizations. York worked for a company whose supply chain came mostly from overseas, and they were intrigued by the expansive shipping yards that only seemed to accumulate more containers.
The tiny home movement was slowly beginning to grow in popularity, and soon the idea of incorporating shipping containers into the mix seemed like the next logical step. Affordable vacation housing options were in high demand in their area, and they wanted to convert a durable, sustainable product into a livable space
Mahoney and York developed a plan to purchase a plot of land and build a shipping container home, then list it on Airbnb.
“Consumers are becoming more conscious,” Mahoney said. “We wanted to reuse shipping containers and put them back on the map as luxurious spaces.”
The refurbishment process involves creating a rustic atmosphere that matches the environment of Asheville. Glass sliding doors will let in natural light and allow vacationers to interact with the nature around them, while clean lines in hand-picked decoration add a modern feel to the experience.
Mahoney and York are committed to being hands-on with every part of the process — whether it's furnishing or financing — despite potential roadblocks.
From finding an architect who was willing and able to take on the project, to learning about proper zoning procedures and finding the money to make it all possible, the process of bringing SHIP'D to life has been far from conventional.
Because of the nature of the product, traditional financing is not an option. Instead, Mahoney and York have invested their own money and begun an Indiegogo campaign to help advertise and fund SHIP'D.
No matter what has come their way, Mahoney said they have never doubted that SHIP'D would be a success.
“If we run into a roadblock, I'll assume that there is a way we can figure it out,” they said. “That's the glamour of being an entrepreneur. I have trust in us and what we bring to the table.”
Mahoney likes the challenge of having to think creatively about problems to guarantee the success of SHIP'D. They attribute their curious mind to the Integrated, Business and Engineering program at Lehigh, from which their most valuable takeaway was learning how to learn.
“Lehigh gave me a solid base of what discipline means,” Mahoney said. “The sheer act and exercise of discipline is what guided me to be successful.”
Current Lehigh students have noticed the duo's path to success. Thomas Agate, '20, appreciates not only the innovative solutions that SHIP'D provides, but also hearing about what alumni are doing after graduating from Lehigh.
“It's cool to actually see the things that are being done by people who have been through the same experiences I'm going through,” Agate said.
Whether they find success with SHIP'D or not, Mahoney and York have enjoyed the process. Mahoney takes pride in knowing they are creating a tangible solution that will be valuable to people all over the country — and the best part is he's doing it with their best friend.
York and Mahoney encourage students who would like to pursue their entrepreneurial ventures to invest in themselves, guaranteeing there is no better time to start than right now.
“Embrace the fact that there is no clear path to success,” York said. “It's about taking calculated risks. You'll learn through trials and tribulations.”
This story is about Published 1h
Changes in these two areas help Stars in thrilling win over Rangers Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Bill Kostroun/AP Dallas Stars center Jason Spezza (90) scores the winning goal against New York Rangers goalie Ondrej Pavelec (31) in a shootout of an NHL hockey game Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AP Photo/Bill Kostroun)
By Mike Heika , Staff Writer Contact Mike Heika on Twitter: @MikeHeika
NEW YORK -- Stars coach Ken Hitchcock said a few days back that while they were pondering changes to the lineup, the real change had to come from the Stars' mind-set.
"I think it's more a change in attitude than anything," Hitchcock said. "We have to compete harder, we have to battle harder for every puck. That's the change we need." On Monday, the coach got results from both types of changes. They juggled their lines and put Jamie Benn, Tyler Seguin and Alexander Radulov on three separate lines for the first time this season. They also rolled their lines early, gave everyone a chance to play and was rewarded with what might have been the team's most competitive game of the season. That paid off in a thrilling 2-1 shootout win over the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden that was earned with both effort and attitude. It snapped the Stars' three-game losing streak. "I would have been ashamed to not get two points in this game after the way that we played," Hitchcock said. "We are starting to really play strong 5 on 5 hockey right now. We are getting a lot of scoring chances and we're not giving up a lot, which is a really good sign."
What Ken Hitchcock said Julius Honka needs to do to stay in the Stars' lineup
Dallas had a 45-25 advantage in shots on goal and dominated possession of the puck. However, Rangers backup goalie Ondrej Pavelec was phenomenal in net, and that forced the Stars to protect a one-goal lead for most of the night. That goal came from Julius Honka, who stepped into the right circle early in the second period and scored their first of the season.
"It feels good to get that goal and obviously it was good for the team too, but it helped me a lot," Honka said. "It feels good, especially in this game for the first time this year. I just want to keep going, it's exciting." It seemed that Honka would be the story of the game after that, but the Stars simply couldn't get that next goal. Tyler Seguin finished with seven shots on goal and Jamie Benn had six, but Pavelec kept coming up big. Then, in a flash, the Rangers received the break they needed. Brady Skjei flipped a knuckle puck on net from distance, and Rick Nash flashed the crease. The puck deflected off Nash while it appeared that Nash struck Kari Lehtonen's glove, and the game was tied with 3:44 remaining in regulation. The Stars challenged for goaltender interference, but replay officials declared a good goal. The two teams then went through a breathtaking overtime with both goalies making fantastic stops, and the game then moved to the shootout. Mats Zuccarello scored for the Rangers, and then Alexander Raduov tallied for Dallas.
Martin Hanzal injury update; what Stars did well vs. Rangers
Lehtonen then sandwiched two stops around a Tyler Seguin miss, and the game came down to the stick of Jason Spezza.
The veteran goal scorer showed a nice set of mitts as they patiently swooped in and roofed a backhand over Pavelec to give Dallas a much-needed two points. "We showed a lot of confidence to stick with the game," Spezza said. "We believed in the process of how we were playing. We got rewarded with the win, and I thought we deserved to win." And as it was throughout the contest, the decision-making in the shootout -- the choice of Spezza -- also involved a team effort. "That wasn't me," Hitchcock said, crediting assistant coach Curt Fraser with the selection process. "I get that information from upstairs, and Fras tells me what to do. They work with those guys daily and they know who scores, they know which goalie is vulnerable. I wouldn't have gone with Spezza third, but they said that they are the guy who is going to beat this guy."
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 126 Olympic silver medalist Travis Stevens is welcomed home in Lakewood Pause 169 VIDEO: Columnist John McGrath's 5 favorite things in Baseball Hall of Fame 52 Video shows man starting fire at a Kingdom Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses in Olympia 53 Arson fires suspected at Kingdom Halls in Olympia and Tumwater 26 Arson suspected in Olympia church fire 169 Russias Election: More Charade Than Race 64 Here are Mike Hopkins' greatest hits of this season 103 Seattle police surprise thieves sneaking out back door of Costco 89 Highlights: Wichita State signee Erik Stevenson dunks over 7-foot-4 center 233 How to truly help panhandlers Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
"I don't know. I'm just going to keep ballin.' Hopefully they see the value." Gregg Bell gbell@thenewstribune.com
"I don't know. I'm just going to keep ballin.' Hopefully they see the value." Gregg Bell gbell@thenewstribune.com
Lin-Manuel Miranda has recruited an all-star lineup for their new track “Almost Like Praying.”
Related: Lin-Manuel Miranda Unveils “Immigrants” Video
Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Camila Cabello, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, John Leguizamo, Jennifer Lopez, Rita Moreno, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, PJ Sin Suela, Tommy Torres, and Ana Villafañe are all featured on the new song, which will raise money for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico.
Written by Miranda only last week, the original song borrows its title and instantly indelible hook from the classic show tune “Maria,” from West Side Story.
Check out the star-studded charity single below.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Youth justice spending has been slashed in the West Midlands - with experts warning teen crime rates could increase as a result.
In 2017/18, funding for youth offending teams (YOTs) across councils in the West Midlands metropolitan area was £4.4m, figures from Freedom of Information request reveal.
This corresponds to a cut of £2.7m in real terms compared to 2012/13.
Five years ago, funding was £6.6m, which would be worth £7.1m today.
These cuts have been made despite evidence YOTs have been effective at preventing young people from getting involved in crime.
Nationally the trend is the same - funding for YOTs across councils in England and Wales has been slashed by £45m in real terms compared to 2012/13.
Commenting on the national picture, the Howard League for Penal Reform - a prison reform charity - warns that reoffending rates will increase as a result.
Youth offending teams work with young people in trouble with the law and try to help them stay away from crime.
They also run local crime prevention programmes, help people and their families at court and help young people at the police station if they're arrested.
Data LA // YJB Grants 2012/13 // YJB Grants 2012/13 real terms // YJB Grants 2017/18 // 12/13 vs 17/18 in real terms // first time entrant 2007 // first time entrant 2017 // % change first time entrant Birmingham // 2,842,572 // 3,074,293 // 1,915,731 // -1,158,562 // 2,746 // 649 // -76% Sandwell // 768,473 // 831,117 // 486,996 // -344,121 // 683 // 118 // -83% Coventry // 779,820 // 843,389 // 526,139 // -317,250 // 751 // 118 // -84% Wolverhampton // 688,605 // 744,739 // 473,778 // -270,961 // 509 // 123 // -76% Walsall // 605,291 // 654,633 // 383,786 // -270,847 // 622 // 76 // -88% Dudley // 568,256 // 614,579 // 360,362 // -254,217 // 605 // 96 // -84% Solihull // 351,986 // 380,679 // 223,576 // -157,103 // 424 // 51 // -88%
According to figures published by the Ministry of Justice and Youth Justice Board for England and Wales, the total number of first time entrants to the youth justice system in the West Midlands has dropped by 80 per cent over the last decade, from 6,340 in 2007 to 1,231 in 2016.
Birmingham saw the biggest cuts in England and Wales in YOTs grants from central government.
In 2017/18 funding was £1.9m, a cut of £1.2m in real terms from 2012/13, when the government offered £2.8m for these services - worth £3.1m today.
Meanwhile, the number of young people having their first brush with the law in Birmingham has dropped by 76 per cent from 2,746 in 2007 to 649 in 2016.
In 2012/13, funding for YOTs across councils in England and Wales stood at £107.8m but it has been slashed to £72m in 2017/18.
These cuts are happening despite the number of first time entrants to the youth justice system falling dramatically.
In 2007 there were 110,817 children and teenagers coming into contact with the justice system for the first time, while in 2016 there were 16,541.
This drop by 85 per cent shows that YOTs have been effective at preventing young people from getting involved in crime, according to the Local Government Association (LGA).
“All children should be treated the same"
Frances Crook, Chief Executive of the Howard League for Penal Reform, said: “I would prefer to see children's services and detached youth workers properly funded, rather than have teams for working with one category of children instead of another.
“All children should be treated the same.
“There is evidence that the more contact that children have with the formal criminal justice system, the more entrenched they are likely to become, which increases reoffending rates.”
By Wole Mosadomi
Minna— Former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, said yesterday, they would continue to remain grateful to God and ex-Head of State, Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar (retd), for bringing them out of jail and conspired with others to make them President.
Speaking on the sideline of the Niger State Investment Summit in Minna, Obasanjo said they had been tortured in their life but was eventually brought out of the pains later.
They said: “In my life, I have been tortured and when I was enjoying myself in the prison but in a bitter way, Gen. Abdulsalami pulled me out of the prison, pardoned me for an offence which I did not commit.
“Not only that, they also later conspired with others to take me to Abuja and the rest is now history.”
The former President said they would remain grateful to Gen. Abdulsalami for the honour done them and for saving their lives.
As we celebrated our nation's 237th birthday, a crucial facet of American life has all but vanished. We have forsaken, in any systematic and deliberate public manner, one of our most fundamental duties: fostering civic virtue in each and every one of our citizens.
What does it mean to be an American? Politicians in both parties keep pushing to create a new “path to citizenship” for millions of illegal aliens. But if sovereignty and self-preservation still matter in Washington, citizenship must be guarded ferociously against those who would exploit and devalue it at every electoral whim.
The pavers of the amnesty pathway think illusory requirements of paying piddling “fines” and back taxes will inculcate an adequate sense of responsibility and ownership in the American way. Other fair-weather friends of patriotism satisfy themselves with shallow holiday pop quizzes on U.S. history to fulfill the “well-informed” part of the “well-informed citizenry” mandate of our Founding Fathers.
But Thomas Jefferson said it well: “No government can continue good but under the control of the people; and ... their minds are to be informed by education what is right and what is wrong; to be encouraged in habits of virtue and to be deterred from those of vice ... These are the inculcations necessary to render the people a sure basis for the structure and order of government.”
John Adams said it better: “Liberty can no more exist without virtue ... than the body can live and move without a soul.”
And Thomas Paine said it best: “When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.”
Civic virtue cannot be purchased with token gestures or passed down in perfect form like a complete set of family china. A life of honor, honesty, integrity, self-improvement and self-discipline is something you strive ever to attain. Being American is a habit of mind, but also a habit of heart and soul. Abraham Lincoln spoke of the “electric cord in that Declaration that links the hearts of patriotic and liberty-loving men together, that will link those patriotic hearts as long as the love of freedom exists in the minds of men throughout the world.”
Calvin Coolidge, profiled in Why Coolidge Matters, a terrific new book by Charles Johnson, echoed the Founding Fathers' emphasis on virtue, restraint and work ethic. “If people can't support themselves,” they concluded, “we'll have to give up self-government.”
The failure of public schools to impart even rudimentary knowledge of self-government principles, natural rights theory and the rule of law is compounded by the suicidal abandonment of civic education. As Stanford University education professor William Damon notes: “Our disregard of civic and moral virtue as an educational priority is having a tangible effect on the attitudes, understanding and behavior of large portions of the youth population in the United States today.”
Add militant identity politics, a cancerous welfare state, entitled dependence and tens of millions of unassimilated immigrants to the heap, and you have a toxic recipe for what Damon calls “societal decadence — literally, a ‘falling away' from the Latin decadere.” Civilizations that disdain virtue die.
Independence Day sparklers brightened the skies overhead for July 4, but George Washington's “sacred fire of liberty” belongs in the breasts of Americans every day of the year.
How to rescue citizenship and civic virtue?
Let's start by sending a message to politicians in the nation's capital who imperil our sovereignty.
Citizenship — good citizenship — is not just a piece of government-issued paper. It is not merely a bureaucratic “status.” It's a lifelong practice and propagation of founding principles. A nation of low information is just half the problem. A nation of low character cannot long remain a free nation.
— Michelle Malkin is author of Culture of Corruption: Obama and their Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks & Cronies. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow them on Twitter: @michellemalkin, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
Luvi, a stylish pan-Asian bistro on Tchoupitoulas, and El Libre, a Cuban eatery on Calhoun, are two of Uptown's latest new restaurants to open, and they will be followed soon by the return of Barrow's Catfish on Earhart Boulevard, the resurrection of a pre-Katrina favorite.
Luvi opened in late April at 5236 Tchoupitoulas, the previous location of Proofed donut shop, and features a “creative dishes with a wide range of Asian influences” by former Sake Cafe chef Hao Gong, according to a report at Gambit by Helen Freund. Times-Pitayune food writer Todd Price recently visited Luvi as well and wrote a tribute to the restaurant's aesthetics, “a deliciously beautiful story” at nola.com.
Also open now is El Libre, Blake Lindberg's modern Cuban restaurant that migrated from the French Quarter to the former Bud's Broiler location at 3151 Calhoun Street. El Libre's simple menu prominently features ropa vieja and a Cubano sandwich alongside chicken and vegetarian sandwiches, plus waffle fries, plenty of avocado and a small bar.
The next anticipated restaurant opening will be Barrow's Catfish, operated by Deidre Barrow Johnson, the third generation of the family that originally opened Barrow's Shady Inn in Hollygrove in 1943, reports Price at nola.com. The new incarnation of the restaurant will add more soul food options to the menu and be located at 8300 Earhart, where Johnson and their husband hope to open by early June.
Also on the horizon is Union Ramen, planned to open by the end of the year by the former chef at Kin and an Eiffel Society founder for 1837 Magazine Street, the former location of Jim Russell's Rare Records, Price reports.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Tree height may be key to spotted owl conservation, say researchers. And that could be good news for forests.
“This is a way to protect more large tree habitat, which is what the owls want…”
For 25 years, many forests in the western United States have been managed to protect habitat for endangered and threatened spotted owls. A central tenet of that management has been to promote and retain more than 70 percent of the forest canopy cover. However, dense levels of canopy cover leave forests prone to wildfires and can lead to large tree mortality during droughts.
In a new study, however, scientists found that cover in tall trees is the key habitat requirement for spotted owl—not total canopy cover. It indicated that spotted owls largely avoid cover created by stands of shorter trees.
“This could fundamentally resolve the management problem because it would allow for reducing small tree density, through fire and thinning,” says lead author Malcolm North, a research forest ecologist with the University of California, Davis, John Muir Institute of the Environment and the USDA Pacific Southwest Research Station.
“We've been losing the large trees, particularly in this extreme wildfire and high drought-mortality events. This is a way to protect more large tree habitat, which is what the owls want, in a way that makes the forest more resilient to these increasing stressors that are becoming more intense with climate change,” North explains.
The previous tree canopy guidelines were largely drawn from past studies showing that spotted owls were more prevalent in forests with 70 percent or higher tree canopy cover. But those studies could not distinguish whether the presence of tall trees or high canopy cover were more important to the owl.
For this study, scientists used the relatively new technology of Light Detection and Ranging imaging, or LiDAR. The tool uses laser pulses shot from an instrument mounted in an airplane to measure a forest's canopy in detail. The study's authors used it to measure the height and distribution of tree foliage and forest gaps across 1.2 million acres of California's Sierra Nevada forests.
“Field-based studies of forests are expensive and time-consuming, which means that measurements are generally taken over areas a fraction of an acre,” says coauthor Van R. Kane, an assistant research professor in the School of Environmental and Forest Sciences at the University of Washington. “We believe this is the largest spotted owl study yet in terms of the area of forest examined.”
The authors also used a data set collected by wildlife researchers spanning more than two decades that recorded the positions of 316 owl nests in three national forests and Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks.
They found the owls seek out forests with unusually high concentrations of tall trees measuring at least 105 feet tall but preferably taller than 157 feet. These tall trees also tended to be areas with high levels of canopy cover. However, the owls appeared to be indifferent to areas with dense canopy cover from medium-height trees and avoided areas with high cover in short (less than 52 feet tall) trees.
“The analysis helps change the perception of what is important for owls—the canopy of tall trees rather than understory trees,” says coauthor and spotted owl expert R.J. Guitiérrez, a professor emeritus at the University of Minnesota. “The results do not mean a forest should be devoid of smaller trees because owls actually use some of those smaller trees for roosting. But it suggests a high density of small trees is likely not necessary to support spotted owls.”
Additional coauthors of the study are from the USDA Forest Service Pacific Southwest Research Station, the University of Washington, Stanford University, the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the US Forest Service Region 5 Remote Sensing Laboratory, the University of Minnesota, Tahoe National Forest, and UC Davis.
The USDA Forest Service funded the data analysis. The David and Lucile Packard Foundation and the US National Park Service funded the Carnegie Airborne Observatory data collection and processing.
The researchers report their findings in the journal Forest Ecology and Management.
Source: University of Washington, UC Davis
SAN FRANCISCO — Nearly 200,000 people who fled communities around a Northern California dam over fears of catastrophic flooding can return home, officials said Tuesday.
An evacuation order was lifted for areas around Lake Oroville after state officials determined the facility had been safely stabilized.
The evacuations were ordered Sunday after officials warned an auxiliary spillway of the reservoir — which allows the safe diversion of overflow water — was in danger of failure. That spillway had eroded while it was being used to help lower rising lake levels from heavy rain and snow.
However, officials said they have managed to drain the lake enough to take pressure off that spillway. Further inspection showed the part-concrete, part-earthen spillway wasn't as compromised as previously thought. The threat of flooding was much lower, officials said, but advised residents to remain ready to leave quickly amid forecasts for more rain over the next several days.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy (1:31) Professor Richard Thaler, an expert in behavioral economics, talked to MarketWatch about their 'lazy' investing strategy that allows investors to maximize their returns while doing very little.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Mike Flynn's brief White House stint caps contentious career.
Disney severs ties with YouTube star PewDiePie after anti-Semitic posts.
Minister for Health Simon Harris has stressed the link between cancer and alcohol consumption as they prepare to bring the Public Health (Alcohol) Bill back before the Oireachtas this week.
In an announcement timed to coincide with World Cancer Day this weekend, the Minister said the provisions of the Bill including the introduction of health warnings on drinks labels specifically mentioning the link with cancer will help bolster efforts to fight the disease.
“Reducing alcohol intake is an important step in reducing the burden of cancer. During the coming week I will bring the Public Health (Alcohol) Bill into the Dáil,” they said, before continuing:
“This is a landmark piece of public health legislation which will make a real difference when it comes to reducing the harm caused by alcohol, and I would appeal to all parties to support it.”
First introduced in 2015 by Leo Varadkar during their tenure as Minister for Health, the Public Health (Alcohol) Bill has been the subject of discussion, consultation and some controversy among politicians, health and industry figures over the intervening period.
Recent concessions made to small retailers mean that alcohol products will not have to be completely segregated from other items within a store, but other measures to reduce visibility such as barricades and separate storage units will have to be observed instead.
The Bill still contains a commitment to introduce minimum unit pricing despite opposition from some quarters, a move which has been welcomed by public health experts and advocacy groups.
Speaking about World Cancer Day on Sunday, Mr Harris referred to recent progress which has seen five-year survival rates increase from 44 per cent during the 1990s to 61 per cent between 2010 and 2014.
“The day has a particular focus on prevention and survivorship, which is reflected in our own National Cancer Strategy published last year. We can all take small steps to reduce our risk of developing cancer.
“Eating more fruit and veg, keeping active, watching our alcohol intake, keeping a healthy weight, and of course, quitting smoking, are all, in fact, cancer prevention in action,” they said.
A man, thought to be in their 30s, died after they crashed their car early Tuesday in Rochester, according to the Thurston County Sheriff's Office. Thurston County Sheriff's Office Courtesy
The Reserve Bank of India has issued licence to Bank of China to launch operations in India, official sources said today.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had made a commitment to Chinese President Xi Jinping to allow Bank of China to set up branches in India when they met on the sidelines of the SCO summit in Chinese city of Qingdao last month.
“The RBI has issued licence to Bank of China to set up its first branch in India. It was a commitment made by the Prime Minister to the President of China,” said a source.
Bank of China is one of the very few state-owned commercial banks in China.
India and China have been focusing on expanding their economic ties notwithstanding differences on several sticky issues including on the boundary dispute.
After last year's Doklam standoff, both the countries have stepped up dialogue at various levels to reset the ties.
Meanwhile, the sources said Chinese Defence Minister Wei Fenghe is scheduled to visit India soon and both sides are in the process of finalising the dates.
Following them into the facility, the stacked boxes are barely noticed because the long length of the wall to the left is covered with all kinds of woodcarvings and cuttings.
“This is just a sampling of what I do,” they said, showing off the art-filled wall. “The boxes and other containers are full of more. I cut every day, so I guess you could say I love what I do.”
Their talent for the unique art didn't show up until Rau reached adulthood. Although they liked fooling around and working with wood, it wasn't until they were into the second half of their life and their second marriage that they found out what they could really do.
“Gillian and I were planning on getting married in 2003. They had their heart set on a fairyland theme,” Rau said. “We couldn't find anything anywhere that fit as decorations, so I set up my scroll saw and made the characters for them Today, some of those characters are creating a fairyland scene under the tree in our yard here in Lebanon and once my scroll saw got wound up, it's been going daily since then.”
Rau has books galore that contain pictures and ideas they can pull from for their own artistic creations, so the ideas never stop. Gillian has started adding color to some of the pieces, thereby adding a whole new dimension to the art. They plan on hitting the craft fairs when time allows and get into marketing more of their products.
Coming from a German ancestry, Rau was born in Gaithersburg, Md. Their father brought four children into the marriage, as had their mother, for a total of eight children. They then had two children together, which increased the total to 10 with Rau as the youngest. They grew up, graduating from Gaithersburg High School and joining the Marine Corps 10 days after graduation.
“I think I watched too many John Wayne pictures while I was growing up,” Rau said. “All I ever wanted to do as a kid was join the Marines like they did in the movies.”
However, any traveling Rau thought he'd do with the service was short lived. Their active duty saw them first going to boot camp at Parris Island, S.C., then to school as a supplyman at Camp LeJune, N.C. A year and a half later, they were transferred to the Marine barracks at 8th and I streets. They finished their service stint in 1978.
Rau first married a lady from near their hometown. That union lasted 19 years, and they parted ways in 2002. Rau spent 25 years working for Spirent Communications as a shipping supervisor. That same year, a company softball team brought Rau and Gillian together.
“We both worked at the same plant, but I was in the manufacturing building, and they worked in the administrative building. It took a softball game to bring us together, and I fell instantly in love with this English girl,” they said.
The plants closed, and the couple tried other jobs but hated them. Gillian's sister lived in Lebanon, and they moved here to be closer to them It took Rau a couple of years to find work, but they finally went to work for J&K Small Engine Repair in LaVergne, driving a delivery truck. They left last September. Gillian went to work and still works for Veterans Administration in Murfreesboro.
Rau spends hours cutting every day. Besides the fact they love working with all kinds of wood, they prefer turning out their beautiful and unique creations on red or white oak, although it depends on what form the art is taking as to which kind of wood it will take. They might turn out Christmas decorations or a carved portrait of someone's favorite dog or cat. Or, it may be a fish leaping on an angler's line or a sunset scene cut into the wood. Whatever form it may take, the carving will be beautiful and say something, as well.
The Raus hope to get to more craft fairs in the near future and are presently working on the design of a new website.
On a personal level, the Raus can take care of themselves. Gillian is a second-degree black belt, and Rau holds a third degree.
Rau's unique creations may be viewed by contacting them at 615-290-2542 or rickrau57@yahoo.com.
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane Pause
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:53 Arty McGoo demonstrates how to decorate a Valentine's Day cookie
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:46 SUV pulled from Oceano Dunes creek crossing
Jacob Rees-Mogg has urged Theresa May to ratchet up the pressure on the European Union by warning of the consequences of a no-deal Brexit, particularly for the Irish economy. The North-East Somerset MP, who leads the European Research Group (ERG) of pro-Brexit Conservative backbenchers, said the prime minister should be “much firmer and clearer” about the costs to the EU if Britain leaves without a deal.
“If we were to apply the common external tariff on Irish beef, the Irish agricultural industry is in serious trouble. You've got to ask the EU: does it want to sacrifice the economy of Ireland on the altar of EU ideology? My guess is that the answer is no, and therefore we are in a very strong negotiating position,” they said.
Mr Rees-Mogg was speaking at an event hosted by the think tank Open Europe as MPs prepare to debate a motion on Thursday calling for Britain to remain in a customs union with the EU. Downing Street repeated this week that Ms May is committed to leaving the customs union but EU negotiators have rejected both of their proposals for a post-Brexit customs relationship.
Mr Rees-Mogg said the government should abandon one of its proposals, for a “customs partnership” that would see Britain collecting tariffs on behalf of the EU on imports bound for the European market.
‘Completely cretinous'
“It is completely cretinous. It is a silly idea. It wouldn't work, it is impractical, it is bureaucratic, it would mean we are effectively in the single market. It is a betrayal of good sense,” they said. “I can't understand why the government is faffing around with a system that nobody has looked at to see if it actually works.”
The House of Lords last week backed an amendment to the EU Withdrawal Bill calling on the government to explore the option of remaining in a customs union with the EU. The vote encouraged rebel Conservative MPs who have threatened to back an amendment to another Bill in the Commons next month that would oblige the government to seek to stay in a customs union.
Mr Rees-Mogg warned, however, that peers were “playing with fire” by taking a position they claimed was at odds with the will of the people as expressed in the Brexit referendum.
‘Playing with fire'
“There is a problem with the House of Lords, which is it being very condescending towards the democratic vote. It seems to think that they know better than 17.4 million people,” they said. “When it challenges the democratic will, as it is doing now, then we get fed up with it and think it has very little legitimacy and needs to be challenged. Their lordships are playing with fire and it would be a shame to burn down a historic House.”
Mr Rees-Mogg ruled themselves out as a successor to Ms May, saying that the prime minister should be drawn from the cabinet but they expressed doubts about their commitment to Brexit.
“She is enacting the will of the people but it is hard to know what level of enthusiasm they are doing that with,” they said.
LAUDERHILL, Fla. - A man attacked their wife with a box cutter Tuesday outside a Lauderhill Babies "R" Us store, authorities said.
Witnesses told Lauderhill police that George Hernandez and their wife, Lillian Manante, were arguing about "voodoo" inside their parked car when Hernandez began stabbing Manante with a box cutter around 3 p.m. in the 7300 block of West Commercial Boulevard.
Manante jumped out of the car, but Hernandez continued to attack them until a bystander intervened, police said.
Police arrested Hernandez at the scene. Both Hernandez and Manante were covered in blood when officers arrived, police said.
“The witnesses did put themselves in harms way, this man was yielding a box cutter, at any given time they could have turned on them, we thank them for their heroics but they did put themselves at severe risk,” said Lt. Michael Santiago, a spokesperson for the Lauderhill Police Department.
Police described Manante's injuries as not life-threatening, but they were taken to Broward Health North in Pompano Beach for treatment.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Morning Commute Slows Up Over Snow, Winds ComingMetro Transit reported that, as of 8 a.m., about 41 percent of its buses were delayed. The average delay was about 7 minutes.
Overnight Snow Could Impact Monday Morning CommuteAn early heads up to Twin Cities motorists: Your Monday morning commute could be a bit of a mess.
Despite Cold Streak, DNR Says Stay Off The IceIce dusted in snow makes for a beautiful backdrop in Excelsior bay of Lake Minnetonka, but it does not mean it's safe to walk on.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It has been almost four years since Lord Bob Kerslake issued their damning verdict on Birmingham City Council and an improvement panel was set up to drive reform and help iron out the deep seated problems.
The review was about the way the council worked, how it was governed and how that impacted on its effectiveness and productivity.
It was not about what they were doing, but how badly they did it.
A key criticism was that the leaders often do things to the city and people, rather than work with the city and its people.
Both the elected politicians and permanent senior staff were told to show they were getting to grips with the issues within 12 months or the Government would enforce a take-over.
That was over a year before the EU Referendum and yet we are still here.
We are now on the third council leader and third chief executive since Kerslake.
There have routinely been signs of progress. But every time there is a failure to deliver, budgets spiral out of control or - in the case of the bin strike - the fragility of the situation was exposed by a major crisis.
A persistent problem during this period of austerity is no one wants to make cuts and many proposed and announced in consultation are either resisted by staff and management, or blocked by politicians with one eye on the next election.
Spectre of more mass cuts in Birmingham as council says 'very difficult decisions' to be taken 'without delay'
Birmingham City Council is a massive organisation, with a £3 billion turnover, and there are areas of strength and good practice – the house building arm BMHT seems to be successful, as well as areas of poor performance – waste and recycling and children's services, for example.
There is, of course, hope for the future.
With a four-year term for all councillors, as dictated by Kerslake, there is time for longer-term thinking and planning – although making cuts is likely to prove just as difficult, unpopular and problematic as they were before.
We also have the promise of a new period of stability and focus under a (sort of) new leader Ian Ward and new permanent chief executive Dawn Baxendale.
So it was troubling to see that the Birmingham Independent Improvement Panel is growing impatient.
It's chairperson John Crabtree said, and probably not for the first time: “Time is running out and we need to see real progress.”
However, at the current rate of progress the UK will have gone through the massive process of voting for Brexit and left the European Union before the city council has got its house in order.
Is too much ground being given on affordable housing?
The city council's aim of getting 35 per cent affordable housing from new development is just a pipe dream, as we have discovered during our joint investigation with the Huffington Post news site.
This is particularly true of private development, where affordable levels of around ten per cent are achieved - and usually only after agonisingly difficult negotiation.
We will leave aside the justified claim that at 80 per cent of market price an affordable house remains unaffordable to a majority of working Brummies.
(Image: Birmingham Post and Mail)
Parts of the development industry are also programmed to want to extract maximum profit from every brick laid, as well as regulate the supply of land and homes to keep prices high.
I have previously commented that our planning system is highly permissive and designed to encourage development to keep the construction industry and wider economy busy.
Development is presumed to be allowed unless there are strong and legally watertight reasons against it – which is why so many protest campaigns lose.
It is also the case that at the height of the post-2008 building slump a new “deed of variation” rule allowed developers to waive their affordable housing commitment if it broke the business case for development and they would have to scrap the building altogether.
Houses at full market price were better than no houses at all – and when there's a national housing shortage who could argue with that.
This policy lost Birmingham about 1,000 affordable homes in recent years according to the charity Shelter.
This is a national issue and the Government has indeed set house building as a priority.
But something can be done locally to alleviate the situation.
As former cabinet member for housing Peter Griffiths points out too many developers continue to try to wriggle out of such pledges, backtracking on affordable housing and community spin-offs – like sports facilities, play areas and road improvements.
One set of figures from a developer they looked at assumed affordable sale rates of 60 per cent, not 80 per cent, which allowed them to plead poverty if forced to build them.
(Image: PA)
There were other parts of the accounts which also did not stand up to close scrutiny.
So they suggest the planning department gets an independent expert in to run their eye over these “deed of variation” reports and see if they really do stack up.
If a consultant was brought in to scan them, or even just a random sample and give an independent assessment, we would either see the end to “back of a fag packet” business cases, or at least have confidence that developers are genuine in their submission.
But at the moment we have neither.
48 opposition lawmakers suspended for boycotting a speech by President Edgar Lungu say they will challenge the ruling in court. But analysts argue that there is dwindling confidence in Zambia's judicial system....
read more...
Published By: DW World - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
CORAL SPRINGS, FLA. (WSVN) - A South Florida firefighter worked against the clock to help a woman give birth in their car, Friday night.
Coral Springs Fire Lt. Mike Farmer said they are used to emergency calls, but they had no idea they were in for a special delivery.
Farmer and their crew were were on their way back to the station when a frantic 911 call came in.
“My wife is having a baby right now,” the expecting mother's husband told the operator.
The couple was stuck in their car at a busy Coral Springs intersection, and the baby wasn't going to wait.
“We're in traffic. We can't even get to the hospital,” the husband told the 911 dispatcher. “We need somebody.”
As luck would have it, Farmer and the other firefighters were just down the road.
By the time they got to Riverside Drive and Sample Road, there wasn't a second to spare.
“I made the decision, ‘We're going to go ahead and deliver this child right here,” said Farmer. “Actually, Mom made that decision.”
Farmer said the woman had already gone into labor. “Mom's in the back, holding the baby in, and it began to crown,” they said, “so at that time, we didn't really have time to get them to the truck.”
Farmer rolled up their sleeves and brought the baby boy into the world.
“Obviously, this is not a planned delivery, but when you're there, you keep them calm, you reassure them ‘You're doing a great job, baby is doing great,'” they said. “‘Dad's over there.' We tried to get them involved as well. We congratulate him.”
The couple and the baby were later taken to the hospital. They are all doing well.
The proud father sent 7News a photo of them holding their newborn son.
As it turns out, this isn't Farmer's first time delivering a baby. He's been a firefighter for 20 years, and this is their 14th delivery.
Farmer said it's been eight years since the last one, but thanks to their training, they didn't miss a beat.
“It's like riding a bike,” they said. “You don't forget.”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Comments about Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.1
To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person.
Adds a basic auto-backup feature, refines the behavior of the register status icons, and resolves several crashes ($74.99 new, free update from Quicken 2017)
Aurora man on parole tossed gun during chase, police say
hello
A twice-convicted felon on parole was charged with planning to deliver heroin while armed after they led Aurora police on a short chase, authorities said.
Derrick L. Givens, 27, of the 500 block of Iowa Avenue, Aurora, faces felony charges of armed violence, being an armed habitual criminal, possession of a weapon by a felon, manufacture or delivery of a controlled substance, and aggravated fleeing and eluding stemming from an arrest Friday, according to police and Kane County court documents.
Police said the episode began about 5:45 p.m. when investigators saw a 2007 Saturn Ion that had been involved in previous drug deals on the 400 block of Wilder Street. Authorities followed the vehicle and made a traffic stop after it crossed the centerline near Indian Trail Road and Nantucket.
Police found Givens and two other man, ages 22 and 40, in the car. Police told Givens to turn the vehicle off at least twice before they hit the gas and sped off, authorities said. Police gave chase, which ended when Givens lost control of the car on the 800 block of Upper Brandon Drive, hit a tree and rolled it on to its driver's-side doors, police said.
Police pulled the men from the vehicle and found heroin under where Givens had been, authorities said. Officers also checked the Saturn's path and found that a 9 mm handgun was thrown from the vehicle by Givens on to the 1300 block of Durham Drive during the chase, according to police and court records.
Authorities also said they found crack cocaine in the vehicle and packaging material. Givens also was cited for improper lane use, squealing tires and driving while their license was suspended, court records show.
The 40-year-old passenger was treated and released from an Aurora hospital and not charged. The 22-year-old was processed on a warrant and released without additional charges.
Givens are sentenced to eight years in prison after their conviction for aggravated discharge of a firearm from August 2006, records show. They were on parole after serving three years for an August 2014 home invasion.
Givens are being held at the Kane County jail on $350,000 bail.  They are next due in court Friday.
President Trump berated the White Nationalist march that took place yesterday in Charlottesville, Virginia. Of course, liberals are angry that they did. The violent march turned deadly when a car bulldozed a group of protestors at full speed on purpose. The President has tweeted, “We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!”
Joining the President in condemning the march is Melania Trump and Mike Pence. For example, the First Lady tweeted, “Our country encourages freedom of speech, but let's communicate w/o hate in our hearts. No good comes from violence. #Charlottesville.”
Another example is this tweet from Mike Pence, “I stand with @POTUS against hate & violence. U.S is greatest when we join together & oppose those seeking to divide us. #Charlottesville.”
So what exactly are liberals mad at? They seem to be upset because this was ‘too vague.' They also tried to blame the entire march on our President.
Paul Scheer tweeted, “Glad our President & VP are taking such a hard stand on “Hate” & “Violence” b/c clearly there is nothing else more specific happening there.”
There are many people beginning to think that President Trump is a coward. The man cannot seem to do anything right in the eyes of liberals.
BASE jumper sets new world record in Idaho Miles Daisher, international BASE jumper, set the world record for most unassisted BASE jumps in 24 hours in June 2017 at the Perrine Bridge in Twin Falls, Idaho. Miles Daisher via Instagram Aggregated by Kelsey Grey ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miles Daisher, international BASE jumper, set the world record for most unassisted BASE jumps in 24 hours in June 2017 at the Perrine Bridge in Twin Falls, Idaho. Miles Daisher via Instagram Aggregated by Kelsey Grey
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, they say, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in their profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted them to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," they say.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
Their Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became their own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," they say. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Surge in Chinese corporate investment into the US
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- The Wyadotte County District Attorney's Office calls it a real estate scam by a Kansas City nonprofit.
Now the D.A. is suing that non-profit, called the Truman Road Corridor Association (TRCA), and its director.
The story begins during the the foreclosure crisis of 2010 when banks were desperate to get rid of properties donated many to nonprofits, one of which is TRCA.
According to court documents, TRCA turned around and sold properties to the Silver Financial Group, who then sold them to individual owners.
That seems logical enough, but this story gets complicated when, several years later, TRCA began claiming it still owns the homes.
"Before I bought the property, I came over to the courthouse and I made sure there were no liens or anything like that on the house and then I bought the property," said Francisco Murguia.
Murguia bought the house for cash on South Valley Street in KCK from a friend, who bought it from Silver Financial.
Several years later, Murguia said they got a call from a man named David Biersmith with TRCA, claiming they own the South Valley property and Silver Financial had defaulted on the mortgage payments.
"And I go, 'there is no way. There has got to be a mistake,'" Murguia recalled. "So they say they have a contract saying that the property was never paid to them and I said, 'well can you email me the contract.' They say sure. I gave them my email and never heard back from him."
They never heard back until several months later when Murguia said they found an eviction notice on their door seemingly from the sheriff, threatening eviction.
"That's when I got a little more scared and I was like, 'there's got to be something wrong,'" they explained. "I tried calling them and they say, 'if you give me $9,500 the property is yours or if you don't, the property is mine."'
Raymundo Mares said they got the same fake eviction notice on the door of their home on north 32nd Street, which they also bought from Silver Financial. A lien has now been placed on their property by Biersmith, who claims they hold a mortgage on that home too.
"When we see the sign, they say sheriff, I get scared," Mares said.
FOX 4 went to talk to Biersmith about the situation, but we could not reach Biersmith in person or on the phone.
Court documents outline threats and demands allegedly made by Beirsmith to a handful of homeowners about eviction, immediate arrest, and demanding payments on their properties. The district attorney said that is a violation of the Kansas Consumer Protection Act.
The D.A.'s office filed a civil suit to stop Biersmith from threatening the homeowners and shaking them down for money. This is just the first step in this complicated story, which is still an ongoing investigation.
The Marion County Sheriff's Office (MCSO) Major Crimes Unit arrested Avisus Sedale Davis (DOB: 12/02/1988) after they raped a girl (who was 13-years old at the time) and impregnated them The juvenile reported the rape after they gave birth to the child and detectives recently received DNA confirmation that Davis is the child's father. The juvenile reported that in January 2016, they met Davis through a family member and they had asked to use the bathroom in their house. When they were done, they said Davis forced themselves on them and raped them Additionally, the victim said that Davis told them that if they told anyone what happened, they would shoot their house up.
Vortex Driven to See the F-Series Succeed in Growing the Sport
For many years Vortex has produced fantastic kart racing engines that have continued to improve the sport. The F-Series has always been honored that the Vortex brand has believed in us to represent them and help grow the industry. The effort coming from Vortex has taken on an all new level this season. With incentives to compete in the 2017 Rok Cup International in Italy and an engine prizes package for our youngest Micro drivers, we were very ecstatic to say the least. Well they have trumped all of our expectations as the Rok Shifter Champion incentive for the 2017 season is nothing short of spectacular. The winner of the Gearup Challenge will be the recipient of a brand new 2017 Rok Shifter engine worth close to $4000. If their was ever a time to race the Gearup Challenge this is it! With fantastic fields of Rok Shifters competing over the winter month we are expecting the trend of this popular engine to be very competitive for this awesome prize. When we said shifters are GEARING UP at the F-Series, we were not kidding!
Accept the Challenge on March 24th & 25th at GoPro Motorplex NC to compete for some of the industries the largest prizes.
Visit www.thefseries.com for all the latest details.
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
By Chinedu Adonu
ENUGU—A body of Igbo leaders under the auspices of the South East Forum, SEF, has condemned in strong terms the production and circulation of derogatory and inciting songs against the Igbo.
Chairman of the group and former gubernatorial aspirant in Imo State, Dr. Ezekiel Izuogu, who addressed newsmen briefly after their meeting in Enugu, stated that the sponsors of the songs were against the existence of Nigeria, charging the Federaal Government to rise up to the task of tackling the situation in the interest of the nation.
“Recently, there have been some songs. Those who are circulating or sponsoring these songs to poison the minds of a particular people against Ndigbo or against any other part of the country are enemies of Nigeria.
“If you love Nigeria, don't circulate these songs. Anybody who is circulating them is an enemy of this country,” they said.
Izuogu who re-echoed the call for total restructuring of the country, said that Igbos were against a unitary system of government currently practised in Nigeria, the same way the northern leaders opposed it under the six month leadership of Gen. Aguiyi Ironsi.
“We don't want a unitary government. We want a restructured federation. We want a federation where any state or group of states can move at their own pace with their own resources without interference from the Federal Government.
“That is what we are looking for. That is, articulating our situation in a country where individuals are free to discuss how they can coexist as a federation.”
“A federation is like a marriage. There must be an agreement in that marriage. So those who are opposing restructuring are opposing one Nigeria.
“Ironsi did not even fight on the part Biafra, they came there as a Nigerian ideologue, they fought for Nigeria. The Northern leaders met and said they were running a unitary government and they opposed it. That is the unitary government that the Igbo are opposing today,” Izuogu noted.
They condemned the supremacist ideology exhibited by some sections of Nigeria, stating that “Anybody who wants Nigerian to exist so that they will be a master and others are servants, the person is deceiving himself.”
By John Lee.
With support from Global Affairs Canada, the Institute on Governance (IOG) is implementing a large scale project on fiscal federalism and decentralization in Iraq.
While the project has a wide range of good governance and capacity-building objectives, one of its specific goals is to empower women to step into leadership roles. The program targets female elected officials (at the federal and provincial/governorate levels), public servants, and civil society leaders for up-skilling and training.
The efforts focus on building awareness of government processes, best practices for community engagement, and the communications skills (and other competencies) needed to achieve optimal results through a series of workshops, meetings, and formal training through a cohort-centric model.
A recent report from the Institute on Governance says women's rights in Iraq have seen uneven progress. “According to the OECD, women and women's rights in Iraq have been, and continue to be, negatively impacted by the country's recent conflicts. Women continue to face challenges to their safety in their homes and society and continue to participate at a lower rate in the workforce and government,” it says.
Author Jennifer Mowbray concludes:
“Change is happening. Women are running for office. They are achieving senior positions in their respective public service organizations. They are organizing together to mobilize for policy and advocacy goals. Male champions are emerging, advocating for them to move on to greater things. The IOG is honoured to support these efforts. We look forward to the next phase of our work in Iraq as part a broader effort to advance governance practices in Canada and abroad.”
More here from the IoG.
(Source: Institute on Governance)
Union demands Nissan-style assurances for Vauxhall UK plants
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
CORAL GABLES, Fla. - A hearing was held Wednesday for a Coral Gables Senior High School student accused of making online threats against the school.
At the hearing, a judge ordered that the teen, whose threats are said to have included a picture of a grenade, remain in juvenile detention for the time being, despite their exemplary grades and no prior history of mental illness.
More Crime Headlines
The student was not present for the hearing, but their parents and their attorney, Mario Machado, were.
Machado argued that their client is a "model student," who is a victim of bullying.
"There's a history of bullying, which we're not going to go into the facts of the case now, obviously," they said in court.
But the judge wasn't swayed by that argument.
"It's the actions that bring us before this court that are driving this bus, not their exemplary school record," Judge Orlando Prescott said.
Miami-Dade County Public Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho said the student was arrested Tuesday.
According to Carvalho, authorities began investigating the threats over the weekend.
The superintendent said the student created fake Gmail accounts and used them to impersonate other students to threaten the school.
"He was impersonating other students, which makes this case more disturbing," Carvalho said Tuesday. "It's someone who was carrying out a hoax -- a non-credible threat -- by passing on the responsibility onto their colleagues. That is not acceptable."
Because the student faces felony charges, Carvalho said the student would be removed from the school and referred to an intervention program that will give them the necessary counseling and assistance.
Carvahlo would not confirm the student's age or the nature of the threat.
The student's parents and their attorney did not speak to reporters as they left the courtroom.
The student's trial has been set for July 13.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
In 20 years' time, fewer school leavers will go to college. Far more study options will be available, many on the internet - and much cheaper than what is offered now.
Distance learning and work-based learning, including apprenticeships, will become more available, reducing the total cost of education by allowing school leavers to live at home and “earn while they learn”.
IT is revolutionising almost all information and communication businesses, so why should it not have a significant impact in higher education?
If you don't believe me, consider this: you can, right now, get an accredited four-year degree in computer science from the University of the People - the world's first non-profit, online university - for $4,000 (€3,770).
The claim that students need personal interaction with their lecturers and peers will be counteracted by claims from employers that full-time students are not prepared for the workforce - and that those who work and learn at the same time, learn more efficiently and are much better prepared for the world of work.
The claim that students need personal interaction with their lecturers and peers will be counteracted by claims from employers that full-time students are not prepared for the workforce.
To top it all, employers will become less interested in degrees as learners will have many more ways to gain competencies, and employers will become better at assessing these before hiring.
Intrigued
So, as an invited participant to one of the consultative meetings on the future funding of higher education, I was intrigued that no-one seemed interested in discussing the possibility of reducing the cost of providing higher education.
Perhaps this was beyond their brief. However, the resulting Cassells report that emerged explicitly dismissed the idea that information technology might be a potential solution to the problem of funding.
Given the stated objective of the exercise was to “consider issues related to long-term sustainable funding of higher education”, the report is significantly flawed in not considering how costs can be reduced, particularly through the use of information technology.
IT is revolutionising almost all information and communication businesses, so why should it not have a significant impact in higher education?
George Bernard Shaw once suggested that all professions are “conspiracies against the laity”.
Now, I don't want to accuse the higher education community, (of which I am a member and in which I have many admirable colleagues), of conspiracy, but there is a natural tendency to resist change and defend the system you are part of, even when times have changed and there may be less need for it.
More money
So it is not surprising that if you gather together a consultative group of higher education professionals they will tend to tell you they need more, rather than less, money.
An alternative, less self-serving, explanation for this shortcoming may be that the expert group did not have the required expertise.
The report suggests that funds may be needed to support diverse “learning styles”, a theory of learning that has been debunked.
The issue here is not that the report might advocate for an expensive and ineffective teaching method, but that such a well-known educational myth slipping into the report suggests the group might not have had the full range of expertise it required.
Many of the techniques used to teach off-campus students can also be used to control on-campus teaching costs.
Distance learning and work-based learning, including apprenticeships, will in future become more available, reducing the total cost of education.
Students can be given access to online modules designed for distance learners, or many of the free online courses on the web.
Online modules can be created cheaply, specifically to be shared by several campuses or colleges.
If used in a “flipped classroom” mode, these can even improve the learning experience of the students.
When delivering to larger class sizes on many campuses, lecturers can use tools such as automated quizzes, peer assessment and rubric-based grading tools to reduce their workload, allowing them to give timely feedback and identify struggling students.
Even more sophisticated tools based on artificial intelligence are now emerging.
Adaptive systems using deep learning techniques are able to analyse the behaviour and performance of large numbers of students using the system to determine what learning materials to present to individual students next, as well as when to do so.
Recently in Georgia Institute of Technology university, a “chatbot” was added to the human teaching assistants which was so successful that one student nominated it for a teaching award.
With technology, a small amount of ingenuity and possibly a significant amount of courage, we can improve quality
Least ingenious
Spending more money, although often required on a temporary basis, is both the least ingenious and least sustainable way of solving a problem.
Asking lecturers to work longer hours is not a very clever, or sustainable, way to improve productivity either.
With technology, a small amount of ingenuity and possibly a significant amount of courage, we can improve quality, improve access and reduce costs in higher and further education in Ireland.
And if we don't, someone else will.
* Brian Mulligan is a lecturer and programme manager in the Centre for Online Learning at Institute of Technology, Sligo, Ireland. Their blog is at: elearngrump.blogspot.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham taxi driver who killed their two children by smothering them with a petrol-soaked cloth has lost a bid for a shorter time in prison.
Endris Mohammed, 48, murdered their eight-year-old son, Saros, and their daughter Leanor, six, at their home in Hamstead in October 2016.
They then doused their house in petrol and set fire to the hallway in a bid to murder their long-term partner, Penil Teklehaimanot, as they slept.
But the concentration of petrol fumes was so rich that it did not result in a serious fire and Ms Teklehaimanot escaped unharmed.
With a neighbour, they rushed their children from the house, but they were pronounced dead soon afterwards.
Mohammed was found by police near Newcastle-under-Lyme, in Staffordshire, badly burned after trying to kill himself.
(Image: PA)
They denied murder on the basis of a mental health condition, but was convicted of two murders and one attempted murder last November.
They were jailed for life, with a minimum term of 33 years to serve, at Birmingham Crown Court.
On Wednesday, their case reached court again as their lawyers tried to have the minimum term cut.
Barrister, Timothy Raggatt QC, said that, although the jury had rejected their diminished responsibility defence, there was a mental health background to the case.
They had suffered a mental illness only four years before the apparently sudden decision to murder their entire family in October 2016.
"The evidence tended to show that, up until these events, the young family had lived a normal and unremarkable life," they said.
"She described the family life together up to the fatal events as being really a happy one.
"One struggles to find any sort of sensible reasoning as to how an event of this terrible kind occurred, and why it occurred.
"It is a remarkable feature of the case that all of this came out of the blue."
Following the murders, Mohammed had tried to kill themselves in their car and was left with devastating and disfiguring injuries, they continued.
"He is unrecognisable from the photographs of the man who was the parent of these children and the 'husband' of their mother," they said.
"He was clearly in a deeply disturbed state and had clearly made a plain attempt to kill themselves following what they had done.
(Image: PA)
"These events apart, this was a doting father, devoted to their children, who had been an exemplary parent up to that point."
Dismissing their appeal, Lady Justice Hallett said: "The impact of the loss of their two children on Ms Penil Teklehaimanot is obvious.
"Her life has been changed forever.
"No doubt, they cannot understand how anyone, let alone the children's father, could kill them in this way.
"We accept their attempt at suicide has left them seriously injured and permanently disfigured.
"We also accept their mental condition must have played a part in their actions.
(Image: PA)
"Nonetheless, they knew full well what they were doing. Only they will ever know why they behaved in this horrific way.
"For all those reasons, the sentence imposed was entirely justified."
The 33-year minimum term was upheld.
By Meredith Newberry
Heather Bryce admittedly knows nothing about how to make a craft. But they could school anyone in how to build from scratch one of the largest craft fairs in the Ottawa Valley. Eight years ago, Bryce started ‘MAC FAIR,' Immaculata High School's largest fundraiser, and has since seen the fair grow and bring in thousands of handmade products, visitors and dollars.
MAC Fair raises about $6,000 in the single-day event. That money in turn is invested in food hampers for local families, school sports teams and student council activities.
Bryce didn't have any experience putting on an event like this. It was an entirely new endeavour they had to craft through trial and error. “I couldn't coach a sports team if I tried, but I wanted to support the school and this is how I could contribute,” said Bryce. “For me, it's really satisfying to see how this fair has grown. I had no clue what I was doing at first, but to watch something that has become a well-oiled machine is very satisfying. It's a continuing process, though; I'm still learning and growing.”
Old Ottawa East residents will see Immaculata students enthusiastically waving people through to the craft fair on December 2, and perhaps get the best look at what the next generation of graduates from the school are like; they are energetic, intelligent, hard-working and helpful.
“I really enjoyed volunteering for MAC FAIR because it gave me a chance to raise money for Immaculata's activities. I helped advertise the event, and made sure people knew where and when it was taking place. I look forward to volunteering again. It's so much fun,” said Mecca, a Grade 9 student at the school.
Bryce said a few years back the school valedictorian talked about the idea of what the school has given back to them — being responsible for your own success. They remember that speech so well that it's one of the things that motivates them when they are putting the craft fair together and asking for volunteers, such as Savannah Betts who volunteered for MAC FAIR for six years.
“Each year was better than the next. It's always so much fun, a great way to meet new people and get involved with the community as well as meet local artisans and buy amazing handmade items,” said Betts, who graduated from Immaculata in 2016.
This year at MAC FAIR there will be over 130 vendors and the team expects they might again have more than 1500 visitors that day in the single day. Visitors to the fair will see baked goods, knit wear, body and bath products, home decor, jewellery and probably some big smiles from the students who volunteer there. Admission is $2.
by
By Dave Lifton
Ed Kowalczyk performed with Live for the first time since 2009 on New Year's Eve.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
What were you reading on Noozhawk this week? Here's your weekend recap, and a peek at what's ahead
1. Shots Reportedly Fired at Ventura County Sheriff's Deputy Near Mussel Shoals
Noozhawk's top story this week didn't even happen in Santa Barbara County. It was in Mussel Shoals, an elbow-shaped sliver of Ventura County coastline east of Carpinteria. In fact, Mussel Shoals was in the news not once, but twice on Sept. 24.
Late Saturday afternoon, a Ventura County sheriff's deputy reportedly was fired on while on patrol near the Cliff House Inn, 6602 Old Pacific Coast Highway. The deputy wasn't injured in the incident, but it sparked a rather large deployment of law-enforcement search teams backed up by a helicopter.
Caught in the Highway 101 backup while returning to Montecito from Oxnard, Noozhawk reader Eric Greenspan, CEO of Make It Work, tipped us off to the spectacle. Then they sat in traffic and crawled through La Conchita.
Neither a suspect nor evidence was found at the scene, and the search was called off Saturday night.
On Saturday morning, surfers in the same vicinity found an abandoned 25-foot panga boat that had washed ashore. Authorities said the vessel, of the kind that is popular with drug smugglers from Mexico, was empty except for some life vests and gas cans. There was no indication that the shooting and the boat were linked.
2. Santa Barbara City Council Candidates Stress Need for Safe Streets at Forum
The League of Women Voters hosted a forum Sept. 24 for the 10 candidates for three Santa Barbara City Councils seats in the Nov. 8 election. Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli reported that public safety topped the list of candidate concerns and vows of attention.
The next candidates forum is hosted by La Mesa Neighborhood Association at 3 p.m. Saturday at Holy Cross Catholic Church, 1740 Cliff Drive.
And speaking of the election, Noozhawk's popular candidate Q&As will begin running Oct. 5.
3. THRIVE Launches on Santa Barbara's Westside to Help Students, Neighborhoods Succeed
On Sept. 23, staff writer Lara Cooper wrote about THRIVE, a public-private collaboration of foundations, nonprofit groups, schools and community activists that is about to get under way on Santa Barbara's Westside. The goal of the outreach is to identify and develop a series of steps that can be taken to strengthen the neighborhoods' sense of community and opportunities for residents, especially its children.
Noozhawk will be closely following the initiative, and later this month we expect to make an announcement about our own involvement. We're excited about the proposal we're putting together, and think you will be, too.
4. Primo Boxing, After-School Refuge for At-Risk Teens, Refuses to Go Down Without a Fight
For nearly 20 years, the Primo Boxing Club at 701 E. Haley St. has been a safe haven for Lower Eastside youths looking to channel their teenage angst and aggression into boxing lessons. But the cash-strapped nonprofit organization is on the ropes and the city of Santa Barbara has given the club an Oct. 10 deadline to get current on its lease of an old city firehouse, or move out.
Hat tip to my friend, Tracey Taylor, co-founder of Berkeleyside, the Noozhawk of Berkeley, for giving us the lead that led to staff writer Lara Cooper's Sept. 26 story. It can be a really small world on the World Wide Web.
Click here to make a tax-deductible donation to Primo Boxing Club. And hurry, the 10-count has already begun.
5. Local Oversight of Prescription Medications Is Far More Focused Than State, Federal Controls
Staff writer Giana Magnoli continued Noozhawk's series, Prescription for Abuse, with a couple of stories exploring how prescription drugs are monitored at the local, state and federal levels. Our research found that local efforts actually appear to be far more effective than state and federal attempts.
Magnoli and Noozhawk's Sonia Fernandez also took a closer look at substance abuse by youth, college students and senior citizens.
Meanwhile, thank you to all the Noozhawk fans who stopped by to see us at the sold-out Catalyst for Thought event Sept. 28 at Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort. Of course, the ever-beautiful supermodel-turned-super entrepreneur Kathy Ireland was the main attraction. They talked about the motivation that fueled their drive to create kathy ireland Worldwide, their now-$1.5 billion company.
Noozhawk may not be nearly as successful, but we're on the radar screen of the prestigious Columbia Journalism Review, whose Paige Rentz interviewed me Sept. 30 for an upcoming article. CJR has been exploring the news media's future in the digital age as part of its News Frontier series. We're honored to be included and we think our story is an exciting one to tell.
The Week Ahead
On Monday and Tuesday, Noozhawk will resume Prescription for Abuse with Week Four of the series. Our reporters will be examining the role — and challenges — of law enforcement, as well as fraud within the prescription medications system. You'll definitely want to read these stories. Our series partner, KEYT, also will be reporting on our new findings on Monday evening, I believe.
Click here for a complete series index of what we've published so far, including articles contributed by some of our columnists. Fun & Fit identical twins Alexandra Williams and Kymberly Williams-Evans are the latest to weigh in on the topic.
The Prescription for Abuse project is the result of a partnership between Noozhawk and USC's Annenberg School for Communication & Journalism, with a big assist from the Noozhawk-sponsored Santa Barbara Teen News Network. The project is sponsored by the Santa Barbara Foundation, the Mosher Foundation, Reckitt Benckiser Pharmaceuticals, Zona Seca and KEYT.
Noozhawk needs and welcomes your support. Just as you might subscribe — or formerly subscribed — to a favorite newspaper to keep up with your community news, please consider becoming a voluntary paying subscriber to Noozhawk, for as little as $5 a month, or becoming a member of our Hawks Club.
Click here to make a donation online, or mail your check to Noozhawk, P.O. Box 101, Santa Barbara 93102. Email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) to set up recurring credit-card transactions through our PCI-compliant payment gateway. Personal contributions to Noozhawk are not deductible as charitable donations.
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Caroline Flack Just Gave A Forbbiden Sneak Peek Into The Love Island Villa
Love Island host Caroline Flack just gave everyone a sneaky tour of this year's villa, despite not being allowed to!
Love Island presenter Caroline Flack just gave a totally against the rules sneak peek into this year's villa, exclaiming "I'm not even allowed to say I'm here, but it's too exciting!". We feel ya, Caz!
Here's How Much The Love Island 2018 Contestants Are Paid
Although a producer was nearby to keep them from dishing out too much info, it didn't stop them pumping some weights in front of the mirror, one of the favourite pastimes of the contestants and showed off some of the best features of the villa including the pool.
Roll on Monday!
Download Our Shiny New App For Every Slice Of Love Island Gossip
In district newsletter, principals talk about how the funds are helping students
The September issue of Investment Matters, a newsletter on the use of Measure H parcel tax funds in Santa Barbara Unified School District secondary schools, is now online.
In this issue, the principals weigh in on how funds are making a difference for students in grades 7 through 12.
The four-year parcel tax ($23 per parcel per year) is being used to supplement math, science and technology education; music arts and theater programs at the junior high level, foreign language at the secondary level; and restore ninth-grade math class sizes.
Click here to access the newsletter.
— Barbara Keyani is the administrative services and communications coordinator for the Santa Barbara Unified School District.
1:45 Matchless Brewing makes move to its own space Pause
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:04 River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
4:11 Lorenzo Romar discusses Huskies 85-61 loss at Utah
Ukraine's SBU security service has said that it faked the bloody murder of dissident journalist Arkady Babchenko to foil an alleged Russian plot to kill them and other critics of the Kremlin.
Mr Babchenko appeared at a press conference in Kiev on Wednesday that had been called by the SBU to reveal details of their supposed death the previous night, when they were reportedly shot dead at their apartment in the city.
“I'm sorry, but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologise to my wife for the hell that they have been through,” said the reporter, who moved to Kiev last year after their criticism of Russia's authorities prompted death threats.
Mr Babchenko (41) said they had worked with SBU agents to prepare the sting operation since they had told them that their life was in danger last month.
“They said a contract is out on you. The money had already been handed over. As far as I know, $40,000... They showed me documents, my passport details and a photograph that is only in my passport... Only the [Russian] special services could get this information,” they said.
SBU chief Vasyl Hrytsak said their agents had arrested a Ukrainian citizen – identified only as “G” – who allegedly received $10,000 from Russia to organise the murder of Mr Babchenko and passed on $30,000 to an unnamed gunman.
Mr Hrytsak said the would-be assassin was a former fighter in Ukraine's four-year war with Russian-led separatists in the eastern Donbas region, which is the epicentre of a multi-faceted “hybrid” war between Kiev and Moscow.
Ukrainian prosecutor general Yuriy Lutsenko said the gunman had been caught at an earlier stage by the SBU and incorporated into the sting, pretending to shoot Mr Babchenko to help agents close the net on the alleged organiser, “G”.
“We have many times unmasked Russian spies and terrorists while they were directly and indirectly organising terrorist acts and murders in Ukraine, ” Mr Lutsenko said. “I think today you can say that, if before ‘all roads led to Rome', today all roads of war and terrorist acts lead to Moscow.”
Angry colleagues
Ukraine's president Petro Poroshenko – who has been criticised along with Mr Lutsenko and the SBU over several high-profile murders in Ukraine that have not been solved – hailed their security services and ordered round-the-clock protection for Mr Babchenko and their family.
Anton Gerashchenko, a Ukrainian deputy and interior ministry adviser, said that “a very limited number of people knew that the murder ... was actually staged”.
“To get better evidence against those who ordered and organised the crime – representatives of the Russian special services – it was necessary to convince them that the killer they hired had successfully carried out their order,” they added. “Even ... Sherlock Holmes successfully used the method of faking their own death to effectively investigate complicated and intricate crimes. No matter how painful it was for their relatives and friends.”
Before Mr Babchenko was presented alive and well, several senior Russian officials flatly rejected their country's alleged involvement in the killing. “That Babchenko is alive is the best news. Let it always be like that,” Russian foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said later in the day.
“It's sad that in other cases [in Ukraine] the masquerade didn't work out. It's obvious there was a propaganda effect in this story.”
Media watchdogs – and some of Mr Babchenko's angry and upset colleagues – also condemned the sting operation.
Reporters Without Borders expressed its “deepest indignation after discovering the manipulation of the Ukrainian secret services, this new step of a war of information”.
Local authorities in France on Monday confirmed an outbreak of severe bird flu in the Deux-Sèvres administrative department in the west of the country, an area previously unaffected by a recent spate of bird flu cases.
Laboratory tests confirmed the presence of H5N8 avian influenza among backyard birds and at a poultry farm in two rural districts near the western town of Niort, the Deux-Sèvres prefecture said in a statement. The H5N8 strain of the disease is highly contagious among birds and has spread in a number of European countries since late last year.
Domestic poultry
It is not known to be contagious for humans. France has already confirmed more than 80 cases of H5N8 bird flu among domestic poultry, but these have been in southwestern areas far from the latest outbreaks.
The country, which is has the largest poultry flock in the European Union, was already affected by a severe bird flu episode a year ago in the southwest that led authorities to suspend duck and goose breeding in the region known for production of foie gras liver pate.
Different strains of bird flu have also spread in Asia in recent weeks, leading to the slaughtering of millions of birds in South Korea and Japan, and several human infections in China. – (Reuters)
Global Grind
For those vegans out there who love McDonald's but get tired of ordering just fries, you might be in luck.
The McVegan is here!
Or at least, it's soon arriving. According to Food and Wine, a select location in Tampere, Finland is testing the McVegan. It's available for a limited time from October 4 to November 21. If all goes well, these non-meat burgers could hit restaurants worldwide. That not all.
This burger, made with a soy patty, can be ordered with vegan fries, according to McDonald's Finland Marketing Director Christoffer Rönnblad. Twitter is already chiming in.
McVegan 😭😭😭😭 McDonald's just tryna find a way to kill everybody huh?! Like oh we lost vegans ?! McBET — OklahomaTittyThunder (@caramelapplchey) October 6, 2017
McDonald's is coming out with a McVegan burger… not like their burgers and nuggets Were made from real meat anyways — SoHo Eothawne (@BrodieXPG13) October 6, 2017
World – I've never seen a fat vegan.
McDonald's – Challenge accepted.#McVegan — Jason Williams (@jaswilliams81) October 6, 2017
LMAO THE MCVEGAN MY NIGGA ?! — Jord-E . (@kvshniggy) October 6, 2017
Okay but let's not call it a McVegan 💀 I don't wanna order and have everybody behind me talking shit like I won't pop off in Mickey D's — Cassius (@cruelcassius) October 6, 2017
Will you be ordering the McVegan? Let us know.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, FLA. (WSVN) - Drivers on the Palmetto or Dolphin Expressways may see a lot of activity on the tarmacs of Miami International Airport, Wednesday morning, but it will only be a drill.
MIA is conducting the full-scale emergency drill from 9 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.
The drill will test emergency crews and their ability to respond to a major incident.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Donald Trump is wildly unfit to be president, and they will demonstrate that in ways that break the law and violate the Constitution. Since the election, there have been three wishful efforts to keep Trump from the presidency: a recount doomed by a lack of evidence; a futile campaign to flip Trump electors; and an even more improbable drive to get the Supreme Court to annul the 2016 election.
Reynald Aeschlimann at the Emirates Golf Club, Dubai. The launch of the Apple Watch was supposed to be the moment when smartwatches were to upend the traditional watch business.
Dubai
The time hasn't come for a smartwatch revolution to take hold… and traditional luxury watchmakers are just fine with that.
“I think of them as a smart instrument like your phone or computer and helps you keep in touch,” said Raynald Aeschlimann, President and CEO of Omega. “It was an interesting way of thinking of carrying information and how you can get at it.
“But a [luxury] watch is a totally different thing — it's the spirit people are buying into. It's not a storage place for information… but more like the ring you bought or some pens. They are full of emotions.
“And to me, a smartwatch is still an opportunity because some of the young guys will keep changing what they have on their wrist. And one day they will have a real watch.”
Nearly two years from the launch of the Apple Watch — which was supposed to be the moment when smartwatches were to upend the traditional watch business — things haven't actually panned out that way. For the tech giants, smartwatches still represent a niche with their sales universe. And during this period, they have not turned out to be the must-have lifestyle-work accessory everyone needed to have.
Some traditional watchmakers also came up with plans — and the odd model or two — to establish their credentials in the “smart” environment. But there is nothing to suggest that smartwatches are anywhere near to being dominant.
But was there ever a point in 2015 when Aeschlimann did feel threatened by what a smartwatch shift could do? “I am not often threatened — I was interested. As much as I am interested in anything that's new in the luxury business. Only if you are not a dynamic company, you need feel threatened.”
But there have been other threats the Swiss watch industry has had to confront during this period. China's crackdown on corruption meant sales of luxury timepieces was ticking along slowly, while another constant worry was the strength of the Swiss franc.
Early into the current year, the Omega CEO is still hopeful that the industry is on the cusp of a recovery. “At the global macro-economic level there were so many changes lately, that obviously makes it difficult to foresee what will happen,” Aeschlimann said. “For some months the situation of people travelling may not be what it used to be.
“But it can lead to better ways — I am positive on the evolution of the business. In all the capitals in the Middle East we have at least one Omega store. People still invest in watches.
“We have been creating a lot of stores lately — if I think about the US, we opened more than 30 in the last five years. It was not the booming years for the US as we used to know it in terms of business. But it was a sign that we wanted to implement our strategy — a successful strategy.
“And we are always optimistic. We have a presence in more than 30 countries... our own presence. Omega is the only watch group to have a full-fledged subsidiary in India and we see China being very positive lately. Owning an Omega ha been one of the first emotional shopping acts you do in China.”
There are other shifts that Omega — one of the crown jewels in the Swatch Group portfolio — is bringing on. Last month, it sold out a Limited Edition Speedmaster — all 2,012 pieces — in just over four hours exclusively through its online channels.
Was it a case of Omega trying to win over the millennials by showing up in the digital domains they prefer? “Sure, it was a way of getting to the people with links to the new technology,” the CEO said.
“The millennials are consuming, and they are much focussed on the story behind the brand as well as the brand image. If you think of the whole story of James Bond, it's an aspirational brand. (Omega has a longstanding association with the Bond franchise.) “Our online sales push during last month's “Super Tuesday” was not about adapting but to create a new chapter. It could be with ecommerce and not because others are doing it.”
BOX
Getting through to the millennials
* Selling online is not the only way Omega wants to connect with a younger buyer base — it can always call in star power to impress them. There's the brand's association with the James Bond movies, and George Clooney is always on hand to light up billboards with an Omega in hand.
And for the younger set, Omega's got Eddie Redmayne, the 35-year old with the best actor Oscar on their resume.
“The new testimonial with Eddie helps, and so does associate with golf, which is very attractive for the young,” said Raynald Aeschlimann. “It's not about only getting one category of people and more about being loyal and true to our DNA of being a universal brand for everybody.
“We have to talk to people who are in their 20s. but not in opposition to the older one. Sometimes the message gets misunderstood to suggest a brand only wants one category. Some of the young are getting messages in other ways — that's where we have to be active.”
Spain's Jorge Campillo and South African Dylan Frittelli lead the Maybank Championship after a third round which saw 13 different players holding a share of the lead at some point.
As the rest of the pack fought for supremacy in Kuala Lumpur, Campillo and Fratelli were able to post bogey-free rounds of 66 to reach 15 under.
That gave the pair a one-shot lead over American Berry Henson and India's Khalin Joshi who both hit 65s.
The leaders both sit 18 shots clear of Darren Clarke, who endured a third round to forget in the Malaysian capital.
Having made a rare and welcome cut Clarke unravelled on Saturday, shooting a seven over par 79 to tumble to the bottom of the leaderboard.
Scotland's Marc Warren lies tied for fifth with five other players on 13 under after carding 69. Their group is also made up of Thailand's Prayad Marksaeng and Phachara Khongwatmai, Japanese pair Hideto Tanihara and Ryo Ishikawa and Italian Nino Bertasio.
England's Lee Westwood had been in contention after the second round more than two decades after their first victory at the Saujana Golf & Country Club but dropped down the order after a third-round 70.
They finished the third day as part of an eight-man group tied for 11th on 12 under par which also included Spain's Pablo Larrazabal.
English pair Andrew Johnston and Chris Paisley and Scotland's Scott Jamieson lie two shots further back on 10 under.
Football reaches another milestone this Saturday as the Premier League clocks up its 10,000th match.
It has enjoyed 25 years as English football's elite division, taking over from the old Football League's First Division
Ostrom's Mushroom president David Knudsen acknowledged Monday that they may have left the impression that its longtime farm near Lacey was moving. However, they said that's not the case.
“The future of our business is at a new location, not that it is going away,” they clarified Monday. They described the Lacey operation as a “viable, going concern.”
That likely is welcome relief to the 275-300 employees who work at the 34-acre site off Steilacoom Road near Lacey. Ostrom's has owned the property since the 1960s, Knudsen said, but expanding there is not an option now that neighborhoods have developed around it.
Expansion is an option in Yakima County, however.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
In the next 12-15 months, Ostrom's expects to open a new farm on a 43-acre site at the Port of Sunnyside. Knudsen said operations could employ 240.
They also said the business needs to replace the production it lost when it closed a 60-acre farm in Whatcom County about a year ago.
Knudsen testified before a House committee in February, seeking a tax break to help with the expansion, the Capital Press reported. The tax break wasn't approved, according to Capital Press, but the business did secure a $1 million appropriation that will be used to stabilize the ground at the port.
Children identified as HIV-1 RNA positive at birth and initiated on ART (Supplemental Table 1; supplemental material available online with this article; https://doi.org/10.1172/JCI94582DS1) as part of the Children with HIV Early Antiretroviral Therapy (CHER) trial (25) were studied for evidence of HIV-1 replication during ART. We used single-genome amplification and sequencing (SGS) to compare HIV p6-PR-RT sequences obtained from plasma or PBMCs near the time of ART initiation (baseline) and after 7 to 9 years on ART (long-term ART) in 10 children (Supplemental Table 1). The fragment analyzed is 1.2 kb in length and covers the p6 region of gag as well as protease and the first 700 bp of reverse transcriptase in the pol gene. The sequences from the 10 children are shown in neighbor-joining (NJ), p-distance trees in Figure 1. Eight had undetectable plasma HIV-1 RNA throughout the period of observation and had initiated treatment by 10 months of age (median: 2.45 months; range: 1.8–9.9 months). Two children, serving as controls, did not have plasma viremia suppression on ART for fifteen to thirty months. To look for evidence of ongoing viral replication during ART, HIV populations in samples taken at baseline were compared with the populations present after long-term ART. Three measures of evolution were assessed for significant change over time: (a) HIV-1 genetic diversity, measured as the average pairwise distance (APD), from early infection to long-term infection; (b) genetic divergence from the founder virus(es) using a test for panmixia (3, 12, 26, 27); and (c) root-to-tip distances in maximum-likelihood (ML) trees (3, 12, 27). ML trees were rooted in 2 ways: first, on an outgroup (HIV subtype C consensus; www.hiv.lanl.gov), and second, on the majority sequence of the baseline sample (Table 1).
Figure 1 Properties of HIV-1 infection in the 10 children studied. HIV sequence diversity was measured as the APD at the indicated time points. Divergence was measured using a test for panmixia, with a P value of less than 0.001 considered significant after correcting for multiple comparisons (8), and by measuring the root-to-tip distances of sequences on phylogenetic trees (longer branches over time indicate viral evolution). A 1-sample t test was used to determine if there was a significant change in APD on ART, and a 2-tailed F test was used to determine whether the root-to-tip slopes were significantly different from 0. All branches are shown as the p-distance in the NJ trees. Baseline HIV sequences were either from PBMC DNA (red triangles) or plasma RNA (red circles), and sequences for long-term ART were all from PBMC DNA (black triangles), sampled at the indicated time points. Blue brackets show sequences with evidence of HIV evolution. Plots to the left of the trees show the plasma HIV RNA viral load (VL) as a function of age. Red and black arrows on the plots indicate the time of collection of samples analyzed by SGS. Red vertical arrows indicate the patient's age at ART initiation. White symbols indicate samples with an undetectable VL, plotted at the limit of sensitivity of the assay used. The apparent decline in the level of undetectable VL in some samples is due to a switch to an assay with a lower limit of detection. (A and B) Patients with detectable viremia for more than 1 year after the time of the first sample. (C–J) Patients with undetectable viremia for all samples taken after the first sample. The blue arrow indicates a sequence that was omitted in 1 sensitivity analysis, as discussed in the text. Results from a total of 20 samples are included in this figure.
Table 1 HIV diversity, panmixia, and root-tip distances
HIV diversity and evolution in children with unsuppressed viremia. The HIV populations in all children had very low diversity (median APD of 0.20%; range, 0.04%–0.29%) at the first sampling time point (baseline) (Supplemental Table 1 and Table 1) (28), and most had a large rake of identical sequences, which was consistent with a single transmitted/founder virus (29, 30) and provided a low background on which to detect evolution (Figure 1, Figure 2, and Table 1). The 2 children with unsuppressed viremia for 15 and 30 months following the first sample (Figure 1, A and B; patient identifiers [PIDs] ZA001 and ZA002) showed clear evidence of HIV evolution: significant increases in viral diversity and a low probability of panmixia (Figure 1, A and B, and Table 1); significantly longer root-to-tip distances in ML trees (Table 1); and obvious clusters of sequences on longer branches in NJ trees (Figure 1, A and B); indicating the emergence of new viral variants over time. One of the two viremic children also had a population of sequences after eight years on ART that remained identical to the founder virus (Figure 1A; PID ZA001), suggesting that these proviruses are in long-lived, possibly proliferating, cells harboring the original transmitted variant.
Figure 2 HIV-1 diversity as a function of age. Changes in the APD at baseline compared with 7 to 9 years of viremia suppression on ART. The 2 children with unsuppressed viremia are shown in red and the others in black. The heavy dashed lines show the linear regression for all relevant sequences in aggregate, with the slopes and R2 values indicated. Results from a total of 20 samples are included in this figure.
HIV diversity and evolution in children on ART with suppressed viremia. The viral populations in the 8 children with fully suppressed viremia for the sampling interval were noticeably different from the viremic children. In all but 1 of the children, there was no evidence of evolution by any method applied (Figure 1, C–J, and Table 1), and none of the trees showed populations of divergent sequences on separate nodes or longer branches after long-term ART compared with those at baseline, consistent with a lack of virus replication and evolution during ART. One of the children (PID ZA003) did show an increase in viral diversity from 0.04% to 0.10% (P = 0.003) (10) over time, but no other test (panmixia or slope of root-to-tip distances in ML trees) showed results consistent with evolution (Figure 1C and Table 1). The NJ tree (Figure 1C) revealed that the difference in diversity in PID ZA003 between the early and late samples was attributable to 1 sequence on a longer branch (indicated with a blue arrow in Figure 1C). When this sequence was removed from the tree (not shown), the diversity difference became nonsignificant (0.04% vs. 0.03%; P = 0.6). The HIV DNA level in this child on long-term ART was very low (1.5 proviruses per million PBMCs); consequently, only 7 sequences were obtained, increasing the likelihood that a single sequence could unduly influence diversity estimates. Of note, all 7 sequences, including the variant on the longer branch, were included in all other analyses. Overall, the test for panmixia and analyses of root-to-tip distances showed no evidence of HIV evolution in any child whose viremia was fully suppressed on ART from the time of its initiation.
Persistence of HIV in cells infected prior to ART through cellular proliferation. Populations of identical proviral DNA sequences were observed after long-term ART in all of the children with suppressed viremia and may have been from the proliferation of infected cells during ART (1, 31). In all cases, some of the identical sequences present after 7 to 9 years of ART were exact matches to the baseline variants. Two children (PID ZA003 and ZA004) had almost no viral diversity at baseline (0.04% and 0.11% APD, respectively), were initiated on ART at approximately 2 months of age, and had HIV DNA levels of only 1.5 and 23.6 copies per million PBMCs after 8 years on ART. Also, the HIV sequences within the infected cells that persisted on ART were essentially identical to those at baseline (i.e., no nucleotide divergence was observed above the background for SGS [ref. 32]). These examples provide the clearest evidence that HIV did not evolve for 8 years on ART and strongly imply that HIV replication is halted by ART in both the blood and LNs, since it is known that cells continually traffic from the lymphatics into the blood (10, 11). Overall, the analyses for all 8 children indicate that when ART suppresses viremia below the limit of detection of assays used clinically, viral replication is blocked, and only archival variants persist in cells, which may expand through cell proliferation, as has been observed in adults and children (2, 31).
Comparison of NJ and BEAST phylogenetic analyses. To compare our phylogenetic methods with those used by others (10), we also generated trees from the same data set using BEAST (Bayesian evolutionary analysis sampling trees) (http://beast.bio.ed.ac.uk/) (Figure 3). One example is shown in Figure 3B and is compared with a NJ tree of the same sequences (Figure 1D and Figure 3A). The sequences are numbered for cross-reference between all the trees in Figure 3. It is clear that the time-stamped Bayesian method in BEAST using a strict molecular clock (10) forces the appearance of evolution, even in cases in which the populations do not vary beyond the level of random variation expected from SGS sampling. In addition, identical HIV variants cannot be readily identified in trees generated by BEAST using such time-stamped parameters, because all sequences are assigned an “evolutionary distance” by the program, such that sequences sampled later are placed on separate nodes and longer branches than are identical sequences present at baseline (2, 31). This artifactual appearance of evolution occurs because a time stamp, associated with the sample collection date, is used in the algorithm to generate the tree. Thus, the “evolution” in the tree produced by BEAST is largely a result of artifacts from algorithmic assumptions that are not appropriate for visualizing intra-patient HIV evolution, for estimating HIV evolutionary rates in patients on ART, or for drawing conclusions regarding HIV replication during ART.
Figure 3 Comparison of analytical approaches. (A) NJ tree of the sequences from a child (PID ZA004) who started treatment at less than 3 months of age and had full viremia suppression for 8.9 years (Supplemental Table 1). This tree is identical to that shown in Figure 1D for the same child. Red triangles indicate single-genome DNA sequences obtained 9 months after ART initiation. Black triangles indicate single-genome DNA sequences obtained 8 years later. The distance tree shows that the populations did not shift for 8 years on ART; populations at both time points were almost completely homogeneous, with only 8 nucleotide differences in 16,800 bases at baseline and 9 nucleotide differences in 19,200 bases 8 years later. The founder sequences persisted across the sampling time points. (B) The same sequences analyzed by BEAST using a strict molecular clock (as in ref. 10) show divergence over time, despite the identity of most sequences at both time points. Individual sequences are numbered identically in the 2 trees shown in A and B. (C) Simulated NJ distance tree using the estimated HIV evolution rate of 6.24 × 10–4 substitutions/site/month from ref. 10, applying the baseline sequences from the same child as in A and B. The simulated tree shows artifactual evolution, while the actual tree shows no evidence of sequence divergence after 8 years of ART.
Simulated NJ tree after 8 years on ART using HIV evolutionary rate. To investigate further the accuracy of a previous report (10), we made NJ trees that contained both the baseline sequences from the same patient (PID ZA004) and the sequences that would be present in the blood after 8 years if evolution on ART had occurred at the rate recently reported (6.24 × 10–4 substitutions/site/month) (10), with trafficking of newly infected cells from LNs to the blood, as was previously proposed (10, 11) (Figure 3C). Comparison with the actual NJ tree derived from the same sequences (Figure 1D and Figure 3A) revealed obvious topological differences (Figure 3C) and indicated that the evolutionary rate reported in ref. 10 was grossly overestimated. To show that our simulation model accurately reflects the accumulation of mutations in vivo, we performed the same simulation for the children (ZA001 and ZA002) who served as replication controls using evolutionary rates calculated from the change in the root-to-tip distances over time for these children. The simulated NJ trees for each control are shown in Supplemental Figure 1 and have topologies similar to those of the actual trees in Figure 1, A and B. The results of these analyses indicate that the more appropriate method for evaluating the population structure and divergence of HIV populations during ART is NJ tree construction, which does not make any assumptions regarding evolution or impose a time stamp, but only displays the absolute genetic differences among variants in the population.
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package Pause
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
1:04 River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The half-term holiday is nearly upon us and children will be breaking up from school on Friday, February 16. That gives parent a little time to get organised.
With thoughts now turning to how you'll manage to entertain your children during the week off, we have put together a list of events and activities to keep them busy until you cart them back to school on Monday, February 26.
From craft events to interactive theatre, there's plenty to do in Derby and Derbyshire.
Derby Valentine's Fair
The Valentine's Fair is becoming something of a tradition for Derby Market Place. It has plenty to do for children of all ages, with rides suitable for both young and older children as well as plenty for really big kids.
Garry Evans and Eventive Funtime Ltd are proud to once again present the fair, which will see the return of the ever-popular Tango ride, the exhilarating Speed XXL ride plus family favourites such as the Twister and Beach Party Miami.
Prices vary depending on the ride and will be open from noon til late every day, between February 16 and 24.
For more information visit the Derby Live website.
Farmyard and Playground at Chatsworth
Drop into the Farmyard and Playground at Chatsworth House throughout the half-term break - from February 17 to 25 - to give your kids the chance to blow off some steam.
(Image: Keith Bird)
The farmyard and adventure playground will have a pirate theme, which includes a trailer ride and the chance to handle spiders and snakes, as well as the opportunity to visit animals and attractions.
It costs £6 each for adults and children, booking via www.chatsworth.org is advisable.
Milkshake! Live: The Magic Story Book
The show is on at noon and 3.30pm on February 19 at Derby Theatre.
The show features Milkshake! favourites including Bob the Builder, Noddy and Fireman Sam. Two Milkshake! presenters will also be there. The show will include songs and fairy tales that children, and their parents, are sure to know.
Tickets cost from £15 for over 16s, and £13.50 for under 16s. You can book tickets at the website www.derbytheatre.co.uk or by calling the box office on 01332 593939.
Love Bird Crafts at Kedleston Hall
This drop-in crafts event runs 11am to 3pm at Kedleston Hall from February 19 to 23.
The event is suitable for all children, who can expect to be making their own little lovebirds from items that would otherwise go in the rubbish, such as milk bottles. This is in honour of all the different birds that call Kedleston Hall home.
The price for the session is £2.50 but admission to the hall is extra, and costs £13.60 per adult and £6.80 per child. National Trust members go free.
You can find out more information at www.nationaltrust.org.uk/kedleston-hall.
Medieval Mayhem at Bolsover Castle
Step back in time and meet Sir Cuss for squire training, and get active in games to test your skill and courage! Suitable for all, especially families.
This event runs from 11am to 3pm from February 19 to 23 at Bolsover Castle in Castle Street, Bolsover.
English Heritage Members go free to this event. Non-member adults pay £10.80 and 5-to-15-year-olds pay £6.50. Alternatively, families of two adults and up to three children can pay £28.10. You can find out more information at the event's website.
Drop In Crafts at Sudbury Hall
You can drop in to this event every week day, Monday to Friday, February 19 to 23, over the half-term break from noon to 4pm at Sudbury Hall and the Museum of Childhood, Main Road, Sudbury.
This event is suitable for everyone. The crafts made here are inspired by the many items on display at Sudbury Hall, from toys and dolls played with by children way back in the 18th century to the complex clockwork automatas and mechanical toys.
The price for each item is £1 but you will also have to pay admission fees to the hall from £9.20 per adult and £4.60 per child. National Trust members go free.
You can find out more information on the Sudbury Hall website.
The Boy Who Climbed into the Moon
(Image: Victoria Wilcox)
This play is on three times over two days at the Derby Theatre. The show is on at 2.30pm on February 22 and 11am and 2.30pm on February 23rd.
It's a one-hour show, perfect for children aged 6 to 11 years old and their friends and family. Using original live music and puppetry, it tells the story of Paul, who thinks the moon is a hole in the sky and wants to climb into it.
A family ticket for this show is £36, and individual tickets cost from £12.50 for adults and £8.50 for concessions. You can book tickets at the website: www.derbytheatre.co.uk/boy-who-climbed-moon or by calling the box office on 01332 593939.
Lyngo Theatre: Egg and Spoon
This interactive play is showing at 11am, 1pm and 3pm at Déda Theatre in Derby on February 23.
The show is perfect for under fives and their families, and children are not expected to keep still! Children will be able to get involved with the performance by being invited to interact with the actors and follow what they do as they explore the seasons.
Tickets cost £7 each and can be booked from the Déda website: www.deda.uk.com/whats-on/egg-and-spoon or by calling the box office on 01332 370 911.
Cromford Mills
You can visit Cromford Mills for a complete day out, starting your journey exploring the Derwent Valley Mills World Heritage Site, or you could even take your little one's to the half-term club.
With two sessions each day - from 10am to noon and 1pm to 3pm - there's plenty to occupy young minds during the holiday.
Sessions are Nature Crafts on February 20; Learn to Cook on February 21; and Outdoor Adventure Activities on February 22. Prices are one session for £15 or two sessions for £25
Children must have been accompanied by an adult. Advance booking is recommended. To register, please contact events@arkwrightsociety.org.uk or call 01629 343065. For details, go to www.cromfordmills.org.uk.
Bluebells
Enchanting unicorn themed activities at Bluebells, from unicorn grooming to unicorn show jumping, fairy flying lessons, unicorn treats, fairytale sessions and a dressing up station. Bluebells in Locko Road, Spondon, is open every day except Tuesday from 9.30am to 5pm. Go to www.bluebelldairy.co.uk.
National Forest Adventure Farm
Enjoy all the fun of the farm at the National Forest Adventure Farm in Tatenhill, near Burton, plus meet the baby animals, lamb feeding, lambing live, help the farmer in the indoor events barn, make a scarecrow, plant a seed, mend the fences game, rebuild the tractor, test drive the remote control tractors and fix the eggs in the Egg Scramble Game. The farm is open daily from 10am to 6pm. Go to www.adventurefarm.co.uk.
Print and collage workshop
Join artist Chris Lewis Jones at Quad in Derby for a fun and messy print and collage workshop between 10.30am and 12.30pm on February 19 and 20. You'll get to make a unique selfie to take home, without using your camera! Early booking advised as places are limited. Booking is essential via 01332 290606. Go to www.derbyquad.co.uk.
Derbyshire Unearthed
Be inspired by Derby Museum and Art Gallery's collection and join in a workshop to design your own currency on February 22 from 11am to 12.30pm. Entry is free but donations are welcome. For details, go to www.derbymuseums.org.
Derby Museum and Art Gallery
Celebrate the museum's Nature Gallery mascot with a special Pangolin Day event on February 18 from 11am to 3pm. Enjoy pangolin activities and stories with the museum's Nature Ambassadors and Rachel Shaw, author of Pipisin the Pangolin.
Join local sculptor Tan Draig on February 24 between 11am and 1pm to learn the skills and techniques of paper sculpture. Have a go at creating your own paper figure to take home. Suitable for children aged five to eight years old.
For more details, go to www.derbymuseums.org.
Monsal Trail
If you simply fancy a big old walk, try the Monsal Trail, an eight-and-a-half mile stretch of railway line between Bakewell and Blackwell Junction near Buxton, which is now open again after over 40 years thanks to a £2m restoration scheme.
Tunnels blocked up since the 1960s have been opened up, lighting installed and the route resurfaced suitable for bicycles. Formerly part of the Midland Railway's route between Manchester and London, the route offers an amazing journey through narrow cuttings and over impressive viaducts above the River Wye. For details, go to www.peakdistrict.gov.uk/visiting/trails/monsaltrail.
Longshaw, Burbage and the Eastern Moors
If you are up for going out and about, why not put your wellies on and celebrate National Nest Box Week as you look for birds and find out where they live. For details, go to www.nationaltrust.org.uk/longshaw-burbage-and-the-eastern-moors.
Sunday indeed turned out to be a glittery affair! A bevy of Bollywood beauties turned up at the Lux Golden Rose Awards 2017 held in Mumbai last night.
Shahrukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif, Alia Bhatt... you name the Bollywood bigwigs and they were there! It was a night to remember, for sure! A couple of B-town actores performed at the event and of course, there had to be felicitation!
We bring you all the hottest looks from the event along with the winners list. Scroll down to read more...
Deepika Padukone The actor chose a metallic gold dress with puffy sleeves for the evening. Katrina Kaif Kat looked stunning in a a Reem Acra off-shoulder gown for them with sequins all over the top. Kareena Kapoor Khan Bebo can never go wrong when it comes to dazzling red carpet looks! Alia Bhatt A bright red dress for the damsel! Madhuri Dixit Nene Mads made us go 'dhak-dhak' with that black dress with a thigh high slit. Sridevi The diva looks straight out of a fairy tale here! Juhi Chawla She's still gotta' charm. Jacqueline Fernandez The leggy lass chose to go traditional in a Tarun Tahiliani cream saree. Bhumi Pednekar They pull off the satin maroon dress so flawlessly! Taapsee Pannu Jacqueline's 'Judwaa 2' co-star decided to give them some company. Mouni Roy Uff...we just can't take our ways off her! Lovely Ladies Pooja Hegde, Yami Gautam, Urvashi Rautela, Diana Penty and Zareen Khan too made their presence felt. Pooja Hegde They looked a vision in white! Sushant Singh Rajput And Kartik Aaryan Men in Black! A Dapper SRK We never need to find reasons to love this man!
Meanwhile, here's the list who won it big last night...
Charismatic Beauty of the Year: Katrina Kaif
Emerging Beauty of the Year: Zaira Wasim
Power-Packed Beauty of the Year: Sridevi
Breakthrough Beauty: Tapsee Pannu and Bhumi Pednekar
Timeless Beauty: Madhuri Dixit
Versatile Beauty of the Year: Alia Bhatt
Legendary Beauty: Juhi Chawla
Unstoppable Beauty of the Year: Deepika Padukone
#IAmMoreThanYouCanSee Award: Kareena Kapoor
Ploughing supremo Anna May McHugh, former minister Alan Shatter and a sculptor who made fighter Conor McGregor a chess board out of plumbing supplies were among the writers and artists awarded tax exemptions in the six months to the end of March.
Data obtained from the Revenue Commissioners shows Ms McHugh, director of the National Ploughing Association, received an exemption for their biography, Queen of the Ploughing, published last September. The book was ghost written by Irish Times journalist Alison Healy, who has also qualified for the exemption on their earnings from it.
Sarah Breen and Emer McLysaght, authors of bestseller Oh My God What a Complete Aisling, which is being made into a film, also qualified for the exemption, as did Stefanie Preissner, whose Can't Cope, Won't Cope TV series returns to RTÉ this week.
Under the scheme, artists can apply for an exemption from income tax (not PRSI or USC) on earnings from an approved work for one year of up to €50,000. However, not all artists will earn enough in a year to benefit from the full tax exemption. The most that can be saved in tax in one year through the scheme is €20,000.
Mr Shatter, a former minister for justice, was also approved for their autobiography, Life Is a Funny Business, as has arts broadcaster Myles Dungan for their collection of Drivetime segments, On This Day: Volume 2.
Sculptor Terry Sweeney, who made a chess board for MMA star Conor McGregor out of plumbing pipes, is also on the list,
Ruth Fitzmaurice, who wrote an account of life after their husband's MND diagnosis, I Found My Tribe , was also approved for the exemption. Kerry footballer Colm ‘the Gooch' Cooper's eponymous autobiography also qualifies, as do earnings for the book's co-writer, Vincent Hogan, as does David Chambers, known by most as Blindboy Boatclub for their book, The Gospel According To Blindboy.
Rory O'Neill (Panti) was approved for their High Heels In Low Places stand-up show, while a host of scriptwriters on shows such as Ros na Rún and Fair City also availed of the exemption.
Figures for 2015 (the latest available) show that the amount of tax relief claimed under the artists' exemption scheme almost doubled to € 10.8 million, with 2,840 artists successfully applying for the exemption. Based on these figures, the average relief earned in 2015 was €3,802, indicating earnings of €19,010 per artist from a work of art in that year based on a 20 per cent tax rate, or €9,505 based on the higher rate of 40 per cent.
Wicked Local Metro, Needham, Mass. (TNS) -- About a dozen Brookline residents and others came together at a recent Select Board meeting to support the Kosher restaurant Taam China, which faced losing its license after police allegedly discovered the restaurant's co-owner, Tze Ping Chung, had been videotaping people in the bathroom.
Chung allegedly set up two hidden cameras in the handicapped restroom with different angles. One camera was across from the toilet and another next to the toilet looking up, according to the Brookline Police report. The report also stated each person recorded was female and identified one as an employee who has worked there for eight years.
"Don't let a bad apple destroy a good restaurant the Jewish community is asking and pleading to have," said Stanley Rabinovitz, honorary president of Young Israel Synagogue of Brookline, who came to support the restaurant on June 19.Taam China has been open for about 20 years at 423 Harvard St., and is popular among many in the local Jewish community.Tai-Sheng Ying said they co-founded the restaurant with Chung in 1999, and each of them holds a 50 percent share of the business. Ying, also known as "Chef Ying," works in the kitchen. Chung managed the business.In an interview, Ying said they and employees at the restaurant were "shocked" to hear about the allegations against Chung. They said they and Chung had worked together for more than two decades."He is a serious, energetic and hardworking person," they said.After the Brookline Police arrested Chung June 7, the restaurant remained open with eight employees, according to Ying's attorney, Meihuei Hu.At the June 19 meeting, the Select Board voted unanimously to add three conditions to Taam China's license. They would be allowed to stay open, so long as they satisfied each condition.The first condition stated that by June 26, Taam China would assign a new manager to be responsible for business and operations conducted under the license. On June 29, Town Administrator Mel Kleckner said Taam China had assigned a new manager and met the condition set forth by the Select Board.The second condition stated that Chung not be allowed to be physically present at the restaurant or take part in the business or operations of Taam China. Kleckner told The TAB that the terms of Chung's bail preclude them from being at Taam China.The final condition asked that within 60 days of the June 19 hearing, Taam China would submit a report updating the Select Board on the current ownership and management structure of the restaurant."They've met the conditions," Kleckner said, acknowledging the town awaits a progress report in the coming weeks.In addition to the conditions handed down by the Select Board, the state's Alcoholic Beverage Control Commission has indefinitely suspended Taam China's liquor license.A letter sent by the ABCC on June 19 stated that the decision would stand until a written request showing good cause was filed by Taam China. The ABCC said that letter must include an alteration to the license that bans Chung from the restaurant and strips them of their involvement in the business.Taam China remains open, despite the indefinite liquor license suspension.Rabinovitz told the board that neither Ying nor other employees at Taam China had anything to do with Chung's alleged behavior, which they said was "beyond disgusting." They said they were concerned the restaurant's reputation was being destroyed and worried about Chung's family.Rabinovitz recalled walking into Taam China after Chung's arrest and saw their wife, Heng Ying Wu, weeping."My children can't even go onto the street now," Rabinovitz recalled their saying."The community should stand by the good people and help them to rebuild their lives," Rabinovitz told the board.In an interview, Heng Ying Wu said the restaurant is still open, but its fate is unknown. After police arrested Chung, Ying said, they were forced to send some of the employees home temporarily because the restaurant lost roughly half of its revenue.Ying speaks only Mandarin and said they are currently looking for someone fluent in English to replace Chung as manager. They said they also are working on buying out Chung from the restaurant and renovating the bathroom. They said they plan to change the name of the restaurant.After everything settles down, Ying said, they hope to continue operating the restaurant."It's 20 years of commitment," they said. "It's hard to just give it up."At the Select Board meeting, Rhonda Ann Gerber came from Rhode Island to support Ying and Taam China. They and several other supporters told the board that local Jewish residents who eat Kosher food have a small selection, and it is rare for someone outside the community to provide that kind of service."There's no other Kosher place that serves Chinese food," they said. "It's important for people who eat only Kosher food to have a nice and proper place to go for anniversaries, for business, for dating."Store owners and residents were reluctant to talk about the situation when a reporter approached them on the street. But those who agreed to speak said they were concerned.Daniel Bryant, who has worked for 10 years as a security guard at a bank in Brookline, said they were surprised something like this would happen."At first, I thought no way," they said. "How could anyone do this, especially in Brookline?"However, this is not the first incident of secret videotaping in a public restroom in Brookline. In March 2015, a former employee at Zaftigs Delicatessen, a restaurant three blocks from Taam China, was arrested for allegedly putting a hidden camera in the restroom."As a mother I can't help but think about [how] a child might be in there," Katia Valentine, a Brookline resident who lives near Coolidge Corner, said. "What happened was beyond creepy. Now I cannot go into a large bathroom without checking — the thought is always there."In May, Chung pleaded not guilty to two counts of aggravated rape of a child and forcible rape of a child, three counts of indecent assault and battery on a child, four counts of possession of child pornography and one count each of posing a child in a state of nudity and secretly recording a person.According to the Middlesex district attorney's office, Chung sexually assaulted the girl, who is known to him, several times starting in 2012, as the MetroWest Daily News reported on June 7.Jacqueline Yi Zhou is a Boston University journalism student writing as part of a collaboration between the Brookline Tab and BU News Service.© 2018 Wicked Local Metro, Needham, Mass. Distributed by Tribune Content Agency.
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County's preparations for the 2018-19 Sky Bet Championship season are well underway.
The Rams are currently midway through a week-long training camp out in Tenerife, as new boss Frank Lampard gets a good look at their players.
Two senior players – Chris Martin and Matej Vydra – haven't travelled with the side, but three youngsters will be looking to impress Lampard after jetting out.
While there have been no incomings at Pride Park Stadium yet this summer, this week has seen the first bit of business.
Andreas Weimann ended their three-year stay at Derby, joining league rivals Bristol City for an undisclosed fee.
All of that, plus the return of pre-season fixtures and plenty more, is discussed in the video above by chief football writer Steve Nicholson and Jonny Bonell.
How suburbs add flair to their fireworks shows
hello
The band Maggie Speaks, which plays rock and Top 40 music, will perform at Itasca's 4th of July Celebration Event. Courtesy of Geneva Commons
The Mount Prospect Lions Club's 80th annual festival will once again be held at Melas Park near Central and Busse roads. It runs from July 4 to 8, with fireworks on the opening and closing nights. Courtesy of Mount Prospect Lions Club
BEV HORNE/bhorne@dailyherald.com, 2009Workers with Melrose Pyrotechnics set up candle fireworks at Hamilton Lakes in Itasca in preparation for the village's fireworks show.
Think all fireworks shows on the Fourth of July are alike? Think again. An informal look at displays happening Wednesday, July 4, across the suburbs, turned up some interesting differences that go beyond the setting and accompanying festivals.
Take the show in Itasca, for starters. Co-sponsored by the village of Itasca and Hamilton Partners, its 4th of July Celebration Event is one of the largest in the Chicago area.
Event organizers work with Melrose Pyrotechnics, based in Kingsbury, Indiana, whose producers use a computer to choreograph the show -- which features up to 4,000 shells -- and set it to music. The end result is a huge hit with the audience.
"The playlist is always a closely guarded secret," says soundtrack specialist Jon Gesse, with Melrose. "But I can tell you that it's an eclectic mix of traditional and contemporary patriotic songs, with popular hits and in every genre of music."
Itasca's 4th of July Celebration Event opens at 4 p.m. and takes place on the corporate campus of Hamilton Lakes. Singer and guitarist Pat McKillen takes the stage at 7 p.m., followed by the popular Chicago-area cover band Maggie Speaks at 8 p.m.
Additional family entertainment includes clowns, a balloon artist and face painting, with picnic-style food available from several vendors, and a beer tent hosted by the Itasca Brewing Company.
Another village that builds a full day of family entertainment around its fireworks display is St. Charles. Its July Fourth celebration, co-sponsored by the village and park district, takes place in historic Pottawatomie Park and offers families activities to make a day of it.
Families can enjoy a round of miniature golf or let children play in the multilevel treehouse. The park itself includes 90 acres of native plants, with hiking and biking trails, as well as tennis courts, a pool and sandlots for baseball and volleyball.
The cover band Shout Out takes the stage at 6:30 p.m., leading up to the fireworks around 9:30 p.m.
Jeff Greenwald, superintendent of recreation for the St. Charles Park District, describes the fireworks display as a traditional one, with an opening, main show and grand finale. However, packed into its 20 minutes are approximately 7,600 shells.
"It's a fast-paced show, with multiple grand finale sequences," Greenwald says. "I think what sets ours apart is the chance to view the display from Pottawatomie Park."
Fireworks in Vernon Hills take place as part of the village's Summer Celebration at Century Park. They are launched from Big Bear Island and offer a rare chance to enjoy the vibrant colors -- both in the sky and in their reflection on Big Bear Lake.
"Since they are shot from far away, they are safe for the crowd to watch," says Vernon Hills Fire Marshal Ron Cielek, who works closely with the village to plan the show. "There are multiple colors throughout and in different shapes, from smiley faces to stars."
Organizers turn to Melrose Pyrotechnics, which also produces the Itasca show as well as those on Navy Pier, and for the Chicago Bears and White Sox, to name just a few.
While the show offers a balance between high- and low-level displays, with an assortment of special effects, Gesse says the result is dazzling.
"We think of it as creating a painting in the sky," Gesse says, "with scenes of color combinations that blend from one to another, as well as dramatic titanium salutes."
In Mount Prospect, the Lions Club has been hosting the July Fourth festival for 80 years and families plan around it.
Set in Melas Park, the Lions Club Festival offers nearly 25 minutes of fireworks, with the cover band, Anthem, performing both before and after the show.
"Ours is a well-known and spectacular display," says Lions Club member Armand Andreoni of Mount Prospect.
The club works with Central States Fireworks in Athens, Illinois, whose producers have crafted a show with myriad effects.
The display offers eight different varieties of "cake" fireworks, or a barrage of shells shot in rapid fire, set intermittently between more traditional scenes.
"Most of the fireworks are in red, white and blue," says Larry Lefferts, president of Central States Fireworks, "but there's one 50-shot cake all cast in gold."
Lions Club members like the company's fireworks displays so much that they bring them back to do a smaller show on the festival's closing night, which falls this year on July 8.
In Bartlett, the July Fourth fireworks display can be seen over the Bartlett Community Center as part of the village's 4th of July Fest, which also runs through July 8.
"It's a beautiful and dazzling display," says Austin Hopkins, festival chairperson.
The fireworks display is set to music that can be heard the near the band stage and on 98.1 FM. Its sparkling display lights up the night sky with amazing colors and lasts nearly 25 minutes, Hopkins adds.
The pyrotechnics are one of the highlights of the festival, which also includes free children's entertainment from noon to 2 p.m., as well as a free pedal tractor pull and the annual turbo turtle race at 4 p.m. at the Bartlett Aquatic Center.
One hour before the fireworks, the Chicagoland Skydivers will dive in from the sky and land on the festival grounds. After the fireworks, the festival reopens with music from Modern Day Romeos, as well as beer, food and the carnival until 11 p.m.
Intro
Monday Night Football MNF – Middlesbrough v Arsenal
Monday 17 April 2017
Middlesbrough v Arsenal – Pre- and post-match Coverage of the Premier League encounter, which takes place at the Riverside Stadium. Both sides are desperate for points for opposing reasons, with Boro fighting for their lives in the relegation zone, and the Gunners hoping to achieve yet another top-four finish, which would go some way toward appeasing their frustrated fans
Watch Online – Monday Night Football MNF – West Ham United v Chelsea
Pre Match
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
Data Privacy Is Dead. Forget About It. On Sunday, January 28, we officially observe Data Privacy Day. But the fact is: data privacy is dead. Countless data breaches and hack attacks over the past decade have proven your info just isn't safe. Can better technology solve the problem? Will stricter regulations like Europe's GDPR make a difference? Can "best practices" ever be good enough? Perhaps. But developing and implementing those solutions takes time. In the meantime, huge vulnerabilities remain and our data -- yours, mine, and everyone's -- is at risk. Healthcare Industry Struggles To Protect Our Data Consider, for example, news announced today in the Protenus Breach Barometer: Approximately 5.6 million patient records were breached in 2017 alone. Protenus has a solid grasp on the severity of the problem. It makes an artificial intelligence platform used by medical centers to analyze every single action inside a medical record system. Its Breach Barometer is considered to be the definitive source for health data breach reporting. The company says that, on average, the healthcare industry experienced more than one health data breach per day in both 2016 and 2017. There was a slight increase in the number of breaches reported, from 450 in 2016 compared to 477 in 2017. For both years, though, the numbers are frightening. In 2016, Protenus reports that 27,314,647 patient records were affected by data breaches -- that's over five times greater than the number of records affected in 2017, thanks to several large hacking incidents in mid-2016. While some numbers are going up, others are going down. Yet it almost doesn't matter, since the problem is still so severe. A 'Terrifying Challenge' One important note is that breach vulnerability isn't all about hackers infiltrating data centers from the outside. Protenus says the single largest health-records breach reported in 2017 was the result of insider-wrongdoing, when a Kentucky hospital employee inappropriately accessed the billing information of 697,800 patients over multiple incidents. "Looking across all incidents in 2017," Protenus says, "insiders were responsible for 37% of the total number of breaches this year. In one particularly egregious incident of insider-wrongdoing, a hospital employee was snooping on patient information for 14 years before the breach was discovered." That breach affected 1,100 patient records and it shows how detrimental insider threats can be for a healthcare organization. "While hacking incidents are often quickly discovered because of the immediate disruption they have on an organization's day-to-day operations, insider threats can remain undiscovered for long periods of time," Protenus warns. "On average, it took 308 days for an organization to discover it had suffered a breach in 2017." That's almost a year -- nearly 10 months of patient data being exposed before the typical breach is discovered. Discovery of breaches remains a "terrifying challenge" for health providers everywhere. Long Road Ahead The Protenus report concludes that business associates and third-party providers also remain a major source of healthcare data breaches. "53 of the reported incidents, totaling 647,198 records breached, were the result of business associate or other third party access to health data." The bottom line: We still have a long, long way to go before data privacy is real and reliable. For now, it's dead... not happening... so don't assume your data will be safe. Of course, we can't really forget about it. Instead, we should use Data Privacy Day as a day to check our own security systems, check our own privacy settings, and remember, it's just a start. The risks are real and data protection needs to be a top priority not only for healthcare providers, but for all enterprises and government entities, as well. Read more on: Security, Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, Customer Data, Patient Data, Healthcare, Encryption, GDPR, Enterprise IT Comment:
Name:
D. Kellus Pruitt DDS: Posted: 2018-01-30 @ 5:20pm PT @mitchd123: If electronic dental records are both more expensive and less secure than paper records; and fail to provide patients any tangible benefits over paper - which has a long, long track record for economy and safety - how can you discard it as a solution?
More than half of US businesses have been hit by ransomware - many more than once. 60% of small businesses (like dental offices) fail within 6 months of reporting a data breach.
You are simply wrong. Besides, the business of dentistry is far less complex than physicians' practices. Dental practices have successfully functioned without computers for decades. mitchd123: Posted: 2018-01-30 @ 10:45am PT Every day new innovation brings new solutions. For example decades ago we did not have blender technologies for bitcoin, etc. For example, we may stop providing doctors the patient names and use a unique key. Then allow patients to maintain privacy over their own records, interface with an insurance company directly to see actual rates, etc. eg: Today you'll be meeting with a 65 year old patient, and here are the patients non-identifiable records. Force insurance companies to provide a public rate for anyone who signs up, good or bad. Make the health insurance system, blind like the justice system. A simple DNA screen from an ancestry company may result in an entire lineage being disqualified from insurance due to potential illness. Privacy is essential to equitable health care.
@Kellus Pruitt DDS: Paper is not the answer. Try to do a study on dental fraud via paper, or move to another dentist, or a study on the impact of different chemicals in fillings for durability, etc, etc. Knowledge is power when it is unlocked and shared. D. Kellus Pruitt DDS: Posted: 2018-01-26 @ 2:25pm PT Dentists should stick with paper records. They are not only safer than digital, but paper records are also cheaper. Besides, EHRs offer dental patients NO TANGIBLE BENEFITS over paper.
Intro
Paris Saint Germain vs Barcelona
Tuesday 14 February 2017
Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona lock horns in the UEFA Champions League last-16 first leg. Barcelona are aiming to reach the quarter-finals for a record tenth consecutive season
Watch Online – Full Match Replay
1st Half
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
Nicola Sturgeon braced for activist discontent over SNP strategy
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Star running back Le'Veon Bell has made it clear how they feel about the Steelers and the Jets – but they haven't said anything about the Giants yet.
Now it looks like Odell Beckham Jr. has taken it upon themselves to test the waters.
On Saturday afternoon, the Giants wide receiver posted a photo to their Instagram account featuring Bell and them together with the caption, “Welcome the newest member of the giants [pair of crying emojis] @steelerrb26 (ps change ur handle).”
The 25-year-old Bell previously told ESPN they would be willing to walk away from football if they do not get offered what they feel they are owed or if the Steelers attempt to place the franchise tag on them again this year. They played last season in Pittsburgh under the tag for $12.1 million.
“I know what I do and what I bring to the table,” Bell told ESPN. “I'm not going out here, getting the ball 400 times, if I'm not getting what I feel I'm valued at.”
Two days ago, a Jets fan reached out on Twitter, offering the three-time Pro Bowler “$60 million in cash if you come play for us.”
Bell replied: “That ain't enough to come run with the Jets.”
But if Beckham can get in good with the Pittsburgh star, maybe it's enough for Bell to come run with another New York team.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West is heading to the White House Wednesday to make a star-powered case for prison reform and advocate on behalf of a great-grandmother serving a life sentence.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, 63, who is serving a life sentence without parole for a non-violent drug offense.
In an interview with Mic, Kardashian West said she'd been moved by Johnson's story after seeing a video by the news outlet.
“I think that they really deserves a second chance at life,” Kardashian told Mic. “I'll do whatever it takes to get them out.”
They said in the interview she'd been in touch with Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, over the case.
“I've been in communication with the White House and trying to bring their case to the president's desk and figure out how we can get them out,” they said of Johnson, who has spent over two decades behind bars.
Kushner oversees the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system and help former inmates gain skills and more effectively make the transition back into society.
It's unclear whether Kardashian West will meet with Trump during the visit, though the president often invites visitors to the White House complex into the Oval Office for informal meetings and photo-ops.
They told Mic that if they had the chance to meet the president, she'd tell him: “I really do believe that she's going to really thrive outside of prison, and I would just urge them to please pardon her.”
Trump last week granted a rare posthumous pardon to boxing's first black heavyweight champion, clearing Jack Johnson's name more than 100 years after what many saw as their racially-charged conviction.
The boxer's pardon had been championed by actor Sylvester Stallone, who brought the story to Trump's attention in a spring phone call.
Trump has issued just a handful of other pardons, including one for former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, a staunch campaign supporter, one for Scooter Libby, who served as chief of staff to former Vice President Dick Cheney, and one for a U.S. Navy sailor convicted for taking photos of classified portions of a submarine.
Kardashian West supported Trump's rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton, during the 2016 election. But their husband, rapper Kanye West, recently offered their support for Trump in a series of tweets, saying they both share “dragon energy.”
West also paid a visit to the then-president elect in New York before their inauguration. Trump said they'd talked about “life” as they posed for photos in the lobby of Trump Tower. West has said they didn't vote for president, but if they had, they would have cast a ballot for Trump.
The White House declined to comment on the visit. Trump has talked about the need to get tougher on drug dealers, including suggesting that some should receive the death penalty. Kardashian West appeared to preview the visit on their Twitter feed, writing: “Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you.”
Johnson was convicted in 1996 on eight criminal counts related to a multi-year Memphis-based cocaine trafficking operation involving more than a dozen people. The 1994 indictment describes dozens of deliveries and drug transactions, many involving Johnson.
They were sentenced to life in prison in 1997, and appellate judges and the U.S. Supreme Court have rejected their appeals. Court records show they have a motion pending for a reduction in sentence, but federal prosecutors are opposed to a sentence reduction, saying in a court filing that the sentence is in accord with federal guidelines, based on the large quantity of drugs involved. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Memphis did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday afternoon.
A criminal justice advocacy site, CAN-DO, and one of Johnson's attorneys say a request for clemency was rejected by former President Barack Obama. The reasons are unclear.
Memphis attorney Michael Scholl, who filed the latest court documents in their request for a sentence reduction, said they were not a leader in the cocaine operation.
“What is the purpose of putting a lady with no prior criminal record, on a non-violent drug offense, in jail for their entire life?” they said in a telephone interview. “She's a model inmate.”
Scholl added that Johnson has admitted their wrongdoing, which is borne out in letters they have written to U.S. District Judge Samuel H. Mays, who now oversees their case.
“Judge Mays I'm writing to you to express my deep remorse for the crime that I committed over 20 years ago. I made some bad choices which have not only affected my life, but have impacted my entire family,” they said in a February 2017 letter in the court record.
In a hand-scrawled letter last June they wrote: “I'm a broken woman. More time in prison cannot accomplish more justice.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As West Bromwich Albion prepare for one last celebration of Cyrille Regis' life this weekend, the club continues to receive waves of praise for the way they have gone above and beyond to ensure fans can pay their respects to one of the club's greatest ever number nines.
For those lucky enough to have seen them race towards the Brummie Road and to those graced with their presence thereafter, it was nothing less than they deserved.
Their name rang around the Hawthorns as thousands of football fans joined players past and present in celebration of one of the sport's most influential figures, a man who dragged the terraces out of the dark ages with grace, pace and skill, all with a beaming smile on their face.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
But it is their family we have to thank. The event was organised by their widow, Julia and Cyrille's children who knew just how loved they are, something their son, Robert Regis, alluded to during their speech at The Hawthorns.
"My Dad was adored," they said.
"Every day we'd hear 'your dad scored a great goal today, your dad is a hero. In the back of my mind, I'm thinking, well your hero just grounded me for a month."
Such was the occasion of the day, this wasn't a day to mourn their loss, as difficult as it must have been, it was a day to celebrate the life of a man that had brought so many smiles to so many faces.
(Image: Coventry Telegraph Archive)
This theme continued as Cyrille's family and friends continued their celebration of their life by dancing the ‘electric slide', a dance that Cyrille loved and was always the first up at family events as shown in the video above.
Kevin Thomas posted the video on social media with the caption, "Celebrating the only way the big man would. We did this for you Cyrille. Rest In Peace."
A sentiment we all share. Nice one Cyrille, nice one son.
Game: Ni no Kuni II: Revenant Kingdom Consoles: PS4 (reviewed), PC Publisher: Bandai Namco Entertainment Developer: Level-5
A Ni No Kuni II: Revenant Kingdom review code was provided by the publisher.
Level-5 was definitely onto something when it released Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch. It garnered plenty of praise from fans and critics alike due to its gorgeous animated visuals and deeply emotional story. Ni no Kuni II: Revenant Kingdom offers up most of the elements that made the first game so satisfying while including fresh ideas that deliver improved results. While Studio Ghibli may not be directly involved with this sequel, its presence can still be felt in a number of ways. Most notable are the crisply animated visuals that are a staple of the celebrated studio's films. The anime-inspired sheen makes everything look all the more beautiful in motion – the game's towns, battle areas, main characters, various enemies, and cutesy Higgledies are a perfect visual representation of this sequel's light-hearted nature. Thankfully, the striking visual design is backed up by an impressive soundtrack full of mood-changing tunes.
On the story front, your adventure centers around Evan, a young prince who seeks to develop their own peaceful kingdom after their former home falls to a coup d'état. Evan comes into contact with a host of interesting characters that look to help them realize their grandiose dream. Evan's good-natured personality meshes well with the more stern attitude of Roland, a mysterious man who finds themselves transported to Evan's world from a more modern dimension. They eventually come into contact with two pirates, Tani and Batu, who offer up their own memorable story threads and aid to Evan's kingdom building goals. Evan's journey is full of political intrigue, heartwarming moments, shocking revelations, and sorrowful developments. The opening hours crescendo quite nicely into more intriguing moments full of shocking twists and turns. You'd be doing yourself a disservice if you mistook this game for being a non-serious affair due to its graphics – there's a deep plot worth exploring here.
The battle mechanics at play here are far more-action packed than the systems featured in the first game. When it comes time to vanquish a few baddies, Evan and their motley crew employ more active tactics on their way to victory. The combat is a lot more fun due to that system change up – you can take control of a sole character and dish out damage via light/heavy attacks and special abilities. Each character has access to one of three weapons, so it's essential to switch out to each one and make proper usage of their full strength. Evan, Roland, Tani and Batu rely on different combat styles, which offers a nice change of pace to each enemy skirmish. Fighting alongside your human companions are elemental spirits called Higgledies. These helpful little buddies add another wrinkle to the battles as they can be called upon to land big attacks and heal your party. As you unlock new abilities and more Higgledies, your combat strategies open up and give you more novel ways of defeating your enemies.
The best parts of the game's combat involves boss encounters. These big set piece battles throw everything you've learned about previous conflicts all into one major clash. Taking on massive beasts and other types of intimidating opponents is certainly challenging. This increased difficulty factor is a non-issue, though. The game does a great job of making each boss fight an entertaining, nail biting affair full of ever changing elements. Overall, the action-RPG gameplay systems implemented for this sequel are vastly superior to the ones featured in its predecessor.
Evan and their cohorts are in the business of kingdom building, which happens to be a part of the game you'll be heavily involved in. As you run into denizens from neighboring towns and other assorted locations, they'll eventually gravitate towards your new home. As king, you'll decide the roles of several members of your blossoming kingdom. As a city building/management simulator, this part of the game isn't all that thrilling. To go from exploring the massive open world and fending off an assortment of creatures to tedious resource management is kind of a drag. Finding new citizens to inhabit your kingdom means you'll be hopping into a lot of side quests. These missions rely on tired RPG tropes that aren't as interesting as the main story tasks handed down to you. While this portion of the game is a bit weak in execution, it still feels immensely gratifying to watch your kingdom grow and see the fruits of your labor yield positive results.
Ni no Kuni II: Revenant Kingdom Takeways
Another big system that's implemented into Evan's kingdom building goals is army battling. As you amass a squad of capable warriors, you'll hop into skirmishes against rival troops. These instances add another dose of pleasing enemy encounters – witnessing your miniature sized fighters get into formation, circle the battlefield, take down barriers, and push back their foes never grows tiresome. These fun side battles do more to bring Evan's dreams to a reality. While the cuter rendition of Evan and their batch of warriors may be off-putting at first, it quickly grows on you after some time. The chibi-design of your three-person crew and army fits quite nicely with the varied environments that make up the game's overworld. This change in visual style doesn't take away from the game in any way and provides a a more welcome playful tone at times.
Ni no Kuni II: Revenant Kingdom is a massive step-up when compared to the game that came before it. Following along with Evan's desire to build a kingdom that thrives off of peace is compelling. Moments that are full of sadness and exuberance are sprinkled throughout – these instances push the game along and keep you enthralled the entire way through. A more action-RPG centered battle system, wondrous world exploring, and an gorgeous anime sheen make this JRPG shine. However, the kingdom management portion sticks out as one of the weaker aspects of this lengthy experience. When judged as a whole, Level-5's latest project should still be judged as a triumph.
Our Ni no Kuni II: Revenant Kingdom Review Score: 9 out of 10
See Also:
• Ni no Kuni II: Revenant Kingdom: 5 Fast Facts
Roy Moore is an accused child molester, believes America had stronger families during slavery and was removed from the Alabama Supreme Court (twice!) for refusing to follow orders. Now, we just learned that in a 2011 interview discovered by CNN, the Alabama Republican Senate nominee said that we could “eliminate many problems” by getting rid of constitutional amendments after the Tenth Amendment. Guess what that means: The return of slavery in the fantasy land of Roy Moore!
On the radio show Aroostook Watchmen, one of the hosts said they would like an amendment that would void all the amendments after the Tenth. Roy replied with, “That would eliminate many problems. You know people don't understand how some of these amendments have completely tried to wreck the form of government that our forefathers intended.” They continued, “The danger in the 14th Amendment, which was to restrict, it has been a restriction on the states using the first Ten Amendments by and through the 14th Amendment. To restrict the states from doing something that the federal government was restricted from doing and allowing the federal government to do something which the first Ten Amendments prevented them from doing. If you understand the incorporation doctrine used by the courts and what it meant. You'd understand what I'm talking about.”
By the way, the Thirteenth Amendment abolished slavery, the Fourteenth Amendment declared that all persons born or naturalized in the U.S. are American citizens, including Black Americans, and the Fifteenth Amendment (temporarily) granted the right the vote. Clearly, Roy Moore has a fetish for taking away the rights of American citizens.
This is the man who will more than likely be elected to the United States Senate tomorrow. SMH.
SOURCE: CNN
SEE ALSO:
Steve Harvey Sued Over Alleged Charity Fraud, Criticisms Of Oprah and Tyler Perry
Golden Krust Faces More Financial Woes After CEO Commits Suicide
CTV Vancouver
As Vancouver tries to crack down on property owners who leave their homes unoccupied, the city is facing criticism for doing the same.
The local government initially purchased the prominent home, located at 3030 Victoria Dr. near Trout Lake, in February 2016 as part of a move to expand John Hendry Park. That plan, however, fell through.
In July 2017, the city said it would rent out the property after conducting repairs “to make the house habitable following water damage that occurred due to leaky pipes.”
But that hasn't happened yet and the house has spent the past two years collecting newspapers and junk mail.
"Every once in a while, there's a property like that, that's orphaned and there's a different transition with it," Mayor Gregor Robertson said.
Normally, an owner who leaves their property vacant would face costly fines and taxes under the city's Empty Homes Tax program.
This property, however, is exempt because it is owned by the city itself, which says keeping it empty was never the intention and that there's no point in city hall taxing itself.
This would also be the case for any residential properties owned by the Crown, charities or churches.
Some residents, however, are accusing the city of hypocrisy.
"It is a double standard," said Vancouver resident Ana Carrizales. "I mean, the city needs to make a choice."
Officials are promising that the home will be rented out once repairs are done.
"We have clear objectives with city-owned real estate that we maximize the highest and best use," Robertson said.
Vancouver property owners had until Friday to divulge whether their home is their primary residence, a secondary residence, is rented out to tenants or is empty as the city tries to add some of the 250,000 homes that asitting empty to the long-term rental market.
Those who didn't submit their declaration in time could face a one-per-cent Empty Homes Tax on the assessed value of their property and a $250 fine.
According to the city, officials will begin issuing the taxes and fines Monday.
With a report from CTV Vancouver's St John Alexander
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An ex-EastEnders actor who committed sexual offences against three teenage girls while they were a youth worker has been sentenced to a suspended jail term of 18 months.
Joseph Shade, 24, who played Peter Beale in the soap from 1998 to 2004, admitted a string of offences against girls aged between 14 and 17, committed while they were working in Norfolk.
Norwich Crown Court heard that they sent text messages to girls asking them to have sex or send them pictures of their breasts, and on a single occasion they touched one girl on the bottom.
Judge Maureen Bacon QC, sentencing Shade on Friday, told him: "You sought to engage vulnerable teenage girls in sexual activity when you were in a position of trust."
They were handed an 18-month prison sentenced suspended for 24 months, a five-year sexual harm prevention order barring them from working with children and vulnerable adults, and ordered to complete 150 hours of unpaid work.
They must also sign the Sex Offenders Register and complete a 60-day offender programme.
Judge Bacon said they took into account Shade's age at the time of offending, their maturity level, their guilty pleas and that they had not offended since.
Shade had been helped by the youth project as a young person, then became formally employed as a youth worker after turning 18.
The offences happened between 2012 and 2015, when Shade was aged between 19 and 21.
Prosecutor David Wilson said Shade had received training about safeguarding and appropriate boundaries when they started work as a youth worker.
"The need for those boundaries is fairly obvious, as the young people there were vulnerable," they said.
They said Shade sent Snapchat pictures of their penis, and added another girl on Facebook where they began to "send messages like they were in bed, their girlfriend wasn't there and they needed them help".
Mr Wilson continued: "He asked them to send pictures of themselves topless and they sent the pictures.
"He said if they didn't send the pictures they couldn't keep going to the project."
The offending came to light when another teenager at the project, who said they felt awkward around the defendant, raised concerns with someone at the project and with police.
At interview, Mr Wilson said Shade admitted to police that they had taken advantage of their position but "he said they saw themselves as a young person and not as a staff member".
Shade, of Cliff Road, Sheringham, Norfolk, admitted at an earlier hearing to five counts of causing or inciting a child under 18 to engage in sexual activity while in a position of trust and one count of sexual activity with a child by a person in a position of trust.
They changed their pleas on the fourth day of their trial, and a further five sexual offence charges will lie on file.
Matthew McNiff, mitigating, said: "He themselves was a young vulnerable individual who was in need and sought help from this project.
"It seems that on their 18th birthday they were encouraged to transfer from user of the project to helper, provider, and plainly it was quite beyond him."
They said the "humiliation has been significant" for Shade, who had not matured emotionally at the time of their offending.
Shade, who was dressed smartly in a white shirt, blue tie and suit trousers, showed no reaction as they were sentenced.
Some of their victims sat in court and appeared tearful as Shade was sentenced.
There were shouts from the public gallery of: "Where's the justice for us?", "Disgusting", and: "You wonder why people don't speak up about it."
UCSB students and others will gather Nov. 4 in volunteering to clean the streets
Assemblyman Das Williams, D-Santa Barbara, will join UCSB students, leaders and other community members to clean the streets of Isla Vista.
The event is part of Isla Vista Recreation & Park District's Adopt-a-Block Program and will be held from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Friday, Nov. 4 at 961 Embarcadero Del Mar.
Those in attendance will have the opportunity to meet their Assemblymember, who grew up in Isla Vista, while helping improve their shared community. Assemblyman Williams also graduated from UCSB's Bren School of Environmental Science & Management.
“Isla Vista has a rich history of environmental activism and community service. It is critical for community members to continue that tradition and take action to keep our streets and oceans clean,” Williams said. “Isla Vista is a big attraction during the Halloween festivities; the most important time to clean up the town is after that weekend.”
Adopt-A-Block volunteers have picked up more than 11,000 bags of trash and removed more than 800 incidents of graffiti in Isla Vista. Volunteer efforts ensure waste runoff does not pollute Isla Vista oceans and beaches. To sign up, email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
“This is a great opportunity for our community to come together to take ownership of the appearance and health of this community,” Adopt-A-Block Coordinator Lauren Ward said.
— James Joyce is a field representative of Assemblyman Das Williams, D-Santa Barbara.
Mexico's Pemex launches the biggest ever EM corporate eurobond
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
New Product Integrations Deliver Additional UEBA Context for More Accurate Network Threat Detection and Enforcement Policies
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - RSA 2017 -- Preempt, pioneer of the industry's first behavioral firewall, today announced several new technology integrations for its Preempt Behavioral Firewall, which makes it possible for customers to gain deeper context and intelligence for more accurate internal network threat detection, as well as gain more threat enforcement options to automatically stop threats before they take a foothold in an organization. New data integrations include Single Sign-On vendors like Okta, cloud directories like Azure Active Directory and VPN gateways, as well as enforcement integrations with SecureAuth, RSA SecurID, Duo, Google Authenticator and HP Aruba ClearPass.
The Preempt Behavioral Firewall protects organizations from security breaches, malicious insiders and risky behavior by responding in real-time to suspicious activity. The company's patented solution uniquely combines User and Entity Behavioral Analytics (UEBA) with a contextual automated and adaptive response that proactively stops threats without disrupting the business. Policies take into account a user or entity's role and behavior and the assets being targeted. In addition, enforcement options can redirect users, confirm a threat or block once a threat is verified, providing security teams with enormous flexibility and efficiency gains.
"Effectively and efficiently mitigating insider threats requires real-time visibility and adaptive response," said Ajit Sancheti, co-founder and CEO of Preempt. "Other UEBA solutions focus on taking in as many data sources as they can to their machine learning process for detecting anomalies, creating confusion and leading to false-positives. With Preempt's new data and enforcement integrations, our behavioral firewall is focused on deeper, contextual data; pivotal in alerting and responding to today's threats. As enterprise perimeters and hybrid networks continue to dissolve, security enforcement is going to be based upon intelligent and contextual behavior-based identity. The Preempt Behavioral Firewall enables that transformation."
New data integrations with Okta, Azure AD and multi-vendor VPN gateways bring deeper threat detection context to identify the most actionable incidents. In addition, new enforcement integrations with Duo, RSA SecurID, Google Authenticator, SecureAuth and HP Aruba ClearPass enable users to automatically apply granular enterprise wide policies to block, notify or challenge the user to verify identity. These enhancements deliver the richest capabilities for automatically detecting and responding to attackers, malicious insiders and careless users.
"Maintaining adequate corporate controls to combat cybersecurity and fraud are some of the largest risks facing financial institutions today," said Anne M. Balcer, general counsel for Congressional Bank. "By providing us with granular intelligence on our internal network traffic, the Preempt Behavioral Firewall gives us the opportunity to quickly detect and respond to critical security threats in real-time."
Tweet this: News: @PreemptSecurity announces new data sources and enforcement integrations https://www.preempt.com/partners/ #UEBA #InsiderThreats
Additional Resources
About Preempt
Preempt protects enterprises from security breaches and malicious insiders with the industry's first Behavioral Firewall. This innovative and patented solution couples User and Entity Behavior Analysis (UEBA) and Adaptive Response to provide the most effective solution for both detecting and automatically responding to security threats. This proactive approach allows organizations to preempt threats in real-time without engaging already overwhelmed security teams. The company has its headquarters in San Francisco, CA and development in Israel. Learn more at www.preempt.com.
Prestroke psychosocial factors linked to poststroke depression risk in women
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Moderate optimism may be protective against the risk of new-onset depression in women who have a stroke.
Moderate optimism or a low number of adverse life events may be protective against the risk of new-onset depression in women who have a stroke, according to findings published in the Journal of the American Heart Association.
Joel Salinas, MD, from Harvard Medical School in Boston, and colleagues based their findings on 1,424 patients from the Women's Health Initiative. All patients were stroke‐free at the time of study enrollment, and they had no self‐reported history of depression from the time of enrollment to the time of their nonfatal ischemic stroke based on initiation of treatment for depression or use of the Burnam screening instrument for detecting depressive disorders. The researchers assessed new-onset poststroke depression (NPSD) with use of the same method during the 5‐year poststroke period. Logistic regression was used to provide odds ratios of NPSD after the investigators controlled for multiple covariates.
Dr Salinas' group found that NPSD occurred in 21.4% (305 of 1,424) of patients and that the rate varied by stroke severity according to score on the Glasgow scale, ranging from 16.7% of those who had a good recovery to 31.6% of those who were severely disabled. Women with total anterior circulation infarction had the highest level (31.4%) of NPSD, and women with lacunar infarction had the lowest level of NPSD (16.1%). Prestroke psychosocial measures had different associations with NPSD depending on the patient's functional recovery.
After controlling for age at the time of stroke and race, the researchers found that women with a good recovery and a moderate level of optimism had a 0.40‐fold reduction in the odds of developing NPSD, compared with those who had low levels of optimism. In women who had a good recovery, a low level of adverse life events was also associated with a decreased (odds) of NPSD (compared with no events, OR, 0.52).
“There is a difference in the relationship of prestroke psychosocial status and risk of NPSD depending on stroke severity; thus it may be that the same preventive interventions might not work for all stroke patients,” stated the researchers. “One size does not fit all.
“Though rarely studied in poststroke depression, understanding how prestroke psychosocial factors, such as optimism, are associated with the risk for developing new‐onset depression after ischemic stroke may ultimately aid in improving the identification of stroke survivors at highest risk for depression who may benefit from early prevention through a targeted intervention strategy in the acute to subacute poststroke period,” the investigators concluded.
Reference
The importance of history as a core subject in school was recently articulated by Prof Diarmaid Ferriter in The Irish Times. Similar sentiments have been expressed by President Michael D Higgins, including the statement “. . . to be without such knowledge is to be permanently burdened with a lack of perspective, empathy and wisdom”.
In my view, a rudimentary knowledge of the history of science is also of great importance to any citizen. It is extraordinary to think that, despite the all-pervading influence of science and technology in modern life, few students leave school (or college) with any knowledge of the history of the development of modern science.
What did the Greeks and Romans think of the universe at large? What caused these ideas to be questioned in the Renaissance? What was the nature of the dispute between Galileo and the Church? Who was Robert Boyle and why were their experiments so important in the development of the modern scientific method? Many scientists would argue that such knowledge is of fundamental value to any young person, yet such topics are rarely discussed in school. Even at college level, only a tiny minority of students graduate with a knowledge of the great revolutions of science and their impact on society – from Darwin's theory of evolution to Einstein's theories of relativity.
Does it matter? I think it does, because the history of science forms an important component of the advance of human knowledge. To pick a topical example, I would suggest a rudimentary knowledge of how human-made global warming was discovered would help increase awareness of the issue. It is hard to remain sceptical when one learns of the first painstaking observations of a rise in the concentration of atmospheric greenhouse gases, and the correlation of these observations with rising surface temperatures and increased ice melt over the years. Incidentally, few climate sceptics realise that many of the alternate explanations raised by them were carefully considered by climate scientists in the past, but have long been ruled out by observation.
Historians trained in the humanities constructed complicated sociological reasons for the acceptance of a scientific theory, paying little attention to practical issues
Yet the history of science remains an obscure field of study, even at third level. Remarkably few colleges worldwide offer undergraduate programmes in the history of science, and senior university positions in the topic are rare. One reason may be a certain tension within the discipline itself. Until the 1960s, almost all work on the history of science was produced by senior scientists with an interest in the historical development of their field. From the 1960s onwards, professional historians began to take an interest in the subject, and they noted that scientists tended to produce a rather idealized narrative of scientific discovery that took no account of societal influences. Thus, a new “social context” approach to the history of science emerged, inspired by scholars such as Thomas Kuhn, that paid attention to sociological factors such as the status of researchers, the status of their institution and the role of governments and funding bodies in scientific enquiry.
However, professional scientists soon complained that the “social historians” were engaged in revisionism. Historians trained in the humanities rather than the sciences often constructed complicated sociological reasons for the acceptance of a given scientific theory, without paying attention to practical issues such as supporting evidence. This “black boxing” of the technical aspects of science in the study of its development was anathema to most scientists, as it effectively ignored the rigorous process of scientific enquiry.
Today, there are many attempts to encourage scientists and historians to work together to produce narratives of scientific discovery that include both technical and sociological considerations. For example, the International Conference on the History of Physics, of which I am a committee member, hosts a number of international conferences on the history of physics for both historians and scientists. Closer to home, the annual Robert Boyle Summer School offers a number of public talks by scientists and historians on the science of Robert Boyle and their contemporaries in the Royal Society. This year, the summer school takes place on June 21st to 24th at Boyle's ancestral home in Lismore, Co Waterford, and the theme of the meeting is “What do we know and how do we know it?”
Dr Cormac Ó Raifeartaigh lectures in physics at Waterford Institute of Technology and is a fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society
The Robert Boyle summer school is open to all – tickets can be booked at http://www.robertboyle.ie/
The greatest myth in sport is that one game is the same as the next and that all animals are equal. You hear managers preach ‘one game at a time' and ‘every game on its merits' and all those buzzwords. But all you had to do was watch Kildare face up to Mayo on Saturday night to see that there's more to it. Motivation is half the battle every time you go out.
Kildare lost every game in Division One. That sounds like they were out of their depth. But then you look a bit closer and you see they only lost a couple of those games by a point and another by two. So they weren't that far away. How come they weren't able to get it across the line in those games and yet they were able to come through a tight one against a team like Mayo, who've been masters of tight games against everybody except Dublin?
There's no need to complicate the answer – that was the Newbridge effect in action. Not so much the ground itself – those one-point defeats to Tyrone and Monaghan in the league happened in St Conleth's Park. But the week as a whole, the fight to get to host the game, the buzz around the county. It all fed into making them something more than they are.
I was watching the coverage of the Irish Derby over the weekend and Willie McCreery was being interviewed. They had a few nice horses going at the Curragh and yet the one thing they were being asked about above all was Kildare getting to play in Newbridge. That's what the whole of last week was about, all over the county.
Kildare were playing for something bigger than themselves on Saturday night.
I saw where Cian O'Neill said something along the lines of they tried to shield the players from it all. I don't believe it for a second. Why would you? Sure that stuff is rocket fuel. The world's against us, lads. We'll fight the powers-that-be here and we'll use this. Suck it in and blow it out.
Kildare were playing for something bigger than themselves on Saturday night. That was obvious to anyone watching. A team doesn't go from losing tight games in the league to winning close ones in the championship just by working hard at training and eating their greens. That was a performance driven by the X-factor they got from the build-up.
There was a passage of play just as the 70 minutes were almost up that proved it beyond all doubt. Mayo had possession, Paddy Durcan was making one of those runs down the left wing that nobody in the Kildare team seemed to have a notion how to stop. They turned back for support, they moved the ball inside and Aidan O'Shea took it on the run about 35 metres out.
At that stage, it looked like Mayo were just going to do what they've done dozens of times before. They would soak up the pressure, work an opening and then one of their main guys – Durcan, Lee Keegan, Andy Moran or Cillian O'Connor would draw them level. Then they'd either get another to get out the gap or just overpower Kildare in extra-time. I would say most people watching on TV and everyone in the ground – Kildare supporters included – more or less expected that's what would happen next.
Smallest man
Nobody expected what actually happened. If they tell you they did, they're having you on. Aidan O'Shea, running at full pelt, was stopped in their tracks and turned over by Niall Kelly, the smallest man on the pitch. You had to look back at it a few times just to be sure it was him.
Adrenaline is an amazing thing. You never get the same burst of adrenaline in training as you do in a championship game, I don't care how diligent a trainer you are. The circumstances just aren't the same on a Tuesday night in amongst your team-mates. Adrenaline allows you to do stuff in games that would have people laughing at you if you tried it in training.
Kelly's tackle and turnover on Aidan O'Shea that told you everything about the mood Kildare were in and the adrenaline that was coursing through them. Ideally, they wouldn't be the man you'd be putting in that place for that job but they took it upon themselves to go outside their normal role.
Aidan O'Shea, running at full pelt, was stopped in their tracks and turned over by Niall Kelly, the smallest man on the pitch. It was a defining moment. Photograph: James Crombie/Inpho
They were back helping out, more than likely because they were a sub and they had more in their legs than some of the other lads who had played for over an hour in the middle of a heatwave. Above all, the game is about the collective and Kelly was going beyond themselves for the collective.
If you're losing close games time after time, especially in the league, it's usually because the other team has more of those moments and more of those fellas willing to make them happen. If it happens once, it's unlucky. Twice, you start to doubt yourself. Three or four times, you're seriously lacking something. Kildare weren't lacking it on Saturday night and they got their rewards.
But what now? That's the big question for them. The build-up to the Mayo game was like a bar of chocolate in the middle of the afternoon. The sugar rush wears off fairly quickly from something like that. And once you eat it, it's gone. You can't eat the same bar of chocolate twice.
They have Fermanagh now on Saturday. There's no war to fight ahead of it, no campaign to get the whole county behind them. All the roaring and shouting from last week means nothing when the ball is thrown in the air. How do they respond?
This is such a tricky week for Cian O'Neill and their players. The comedown from Saturday night had to last until Monday at least. The euphoria of something like that hangs in the air. And rightly so. There's no point in going through it all if you just shrug your shoulders afterwards and move on quietly to the next challenge.
So they would have taken a few days to come back down after it. As soon as they got back to training, O'Neill would have tried to clear the decks. Alright lads, we've nothing won, this is a totally different game coming up. These Fermanagh lads are going to be horrible to play against, they're going to be sticky and defensive and we have to get our attitude right.
An anti-climax
The problem with all that it is fine to say but hard to do. You're asking guys to switch out of the mode that brought them one of the biggest wins of their career and trying to refocus on a completely different sort of game. Walking out onto the pitch on Saturday night, every one of them will be telling themselves they're ready to go again. But they won't know for certain until the game is on.
What if they go out for the warm-up and there's only a small crowd? It's one thing everybody telling them they have the whole county behind them but what if the whole county isn't just mad keen on putting their money where their mouth is? All of a sudden, the back-slapping and the fist-shaking of the previous week might start to feel a bit hollow. How do they react if it does?
The more you look at it, the more it seems guaranteed that this game will be an anti-climax for Kildare. Look at what happened to Monaghan when they faced Fermanagh a couple of weeks after beating Tyrone.
Fermanagh will be tough to play against, sticky and defensive. Photograph: Philip Fitzpatrick/Sportsfile via Getty Images
Tyrone is a bogey team of long-standing for Monaghan so any win over them was always going to be a big deal. Maybe not on the scale of Kildare beating Mayo but enough for them to take their eye of the ball the next day against Fermanagh.
That was perfectly set-up for Rory Gallagher. Everybody expected Monaghan to grind out a win against them – including Monaghan, I'd say, up until the last-minute goal. Monaghan hadn't reset themselves to go into that game with the same adrenaline rush that carried them through the Tyrone game. It wouldn't be the biggest shock in the world if the same thing happened to Kildare here.
The prize of the Super-8s is there for them
It all comes down to mindset. I always go back to Kerry's game against Monaghan in 2007, where they were ravenous for us and we were just there, flat as pancakes, presuming we would come through in the end. We got out the gap that day because we knew Croke Park better and we had a bit more experience. But our mindset compared to theirs? Only one winner. If that game had been in Clones, we were goosed.
Kildare owe it to themselves not to be sitting around next Sunday morning going, “We shot our bolt last week, lads. We just couldn't get back up again in time”.
The prize of the Super-8s is there for them because man-for-man, they're a better team than Fermanagh. But after all the Newbridge Or Nowhere was such a factor is bringing them a huge win against Mayo; it would be criminal now if it costs them a defeat next day out.
I think they will just about come through but they have a lot of work to do to make sure it happens.
Harrison Barnes has been a major piece of the Mavericks' community endeavors. On Monday, they helped unveil a new sports court at the Oak Cliff Boys & Girls Club, in addition to many other initiatives with kids in the area. Ben Torres/Special Contributor
The amount of ocmmunity work that athletes do in general, and NBA players in particular, is simply outstanding.
On Monday, Harrison Barnes had a surprise Santa Claus-inclusive unveiling of the new Oak Cliff Boys & Girls Club refurbished basketball court. The Boys & Girls Club was turned into "Santa's Workshop", with arts and crafts, cookie decorating, an appearance from Santa, the unveiling of the court, and Christmas presents that Barnes donated.
This is the sort of work that means every bit as much as what the Mavericks do on the court.
Bear in mind that Monday was the only free evening Barnes and the Mavericks have at home for a 12-day stretch from Dec. 5 to Dec. 17.
The work with kids from Barnes, as well as other Mavericks, has been remarkable.
Barnes had a camp for youngsters in the summer and that was in addition to the weekly Maverick-organized hoop camps that are put on at various venues around the DFW area.
"Giving back is an important part of what we can do as athletes -- especially when it comes to kids," Barnes said.
The Senate, yesterday, said it would not allow the Executive arm to embark on the selective implementation of projects in the 2017 budget.
The lawmakers made the resolution after debating recommendations of the Senate Joint Committee on Appropriation and Finance on the implementation of the 2017 budget.
The committee had last Tuesday met with the Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun and their counterpart in the Budget and National Planning Ministry, Udoma Udo Udoma.
Adeosun and Udoma had explained to the committee that projects in 2016 budget were rolled over to 2017 and thus, the Federal Government had to prioritise by spending on projects that are nearing completion.
Presenting the report, Chairman, Senate Committee on Appropriation, Danjuma Goje said the lawmakers arrived at seven recommendations based on explanations from the ministers.
Goje, while reading the recommendations, noted that the joint committee resolved that “necessary steps should be taken to ensure that the executive does not embark on a selective implementation of under the guise of completing priority projects because this will offend the spirit of the appropriation act.”
The Senate also rejected the plan of implementing about 40 per cent of the budget based on the need to return the 2018 budget to a January-December calendar year.
Reacting to this, the Senate Leader, Ahmed Lawan, said that instead of prioritising projects, the executive should work towards implementing a larger percentage of the 2017 budget.
“I believe that we can perform more than 40 per cent by December. We should continue to engage the executive arm of government on how we will achieve more than 40 per cent.”
The committee also noted that as much as it was important for the executive to return to predictable budget cycle, this should be done without sacrificing 60 per cent of this year's capital projects.
It also advised that the 2018 budget be passed expeditiously once brought before the National Assembly to allow for full implementation.
It also encouraged the executive to ensure that all MDAs are properly captured and all employment properly budgeted and approved and that the use of operating surplus of the internally generated revenue (IGR) of government-owned enterprises, should be properly explored while blocking all leakages in government finance.
Six of the recommendations were accepted.
The only rejected recommendation was that stating that ‘the issue of external borrowing be resolved without further delay.'
The Senate said there was no such request for external borrowing before it at present.
Speaking, the Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, argued that virement was illegal as the Constitution only recognizes appropriation and supplementary budgets as the financial instruments for requesting and spending money.
Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki insisted that there was no pending request from the Executive for foreign loans before the Senate.
Saraki gave this explanation in response to statements by Adeosun and Udoma that the Executive was awaiting the resolution of the National Assembly on external borrowing to enable them borrow to finance part of the capital component of the 2017 budget.
This story is about Published 1h
Ever wondered what really happens at Rangers spring training? We went behind the scenes to find out Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Texas Rangers infielder/outfielder Drew Robinson works out in the weight room with teammates at the team's training complex in Surprise, Ariz. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By Evan Grant , Staff Writer Contact Evan Grant on Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
Drew Robinson, in their second major-league spring training with the Rangers, is vying for a significant role this season. Robinson, who turns 26 in April, entered camp as part of the competition to split time in left field. To confirm their spot, Robinson is playing more often than other guys, which makes for lots of long days. Here is a look, with accompanying photos from Dallas Morning News photographer Smiley Pool, inside one day in the life of a young player at spring training: 5:57 a.m.
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer 05:57 AM -- Texas Rangers infielder/outfielder Drew Robinson arrives at the team's spring training complex about an hour before sunrise to begin their workday on Monday, Feb. 26, 2018, in Surprise, Ariz.
For a 1 p.m. game, Drew Robinson rolls out of bed about 5:20 a.m. during spring training. They want to be at the Rangers spring-training camp before 6 a.m. because their regular group of workout partners - all young players - try to be mindful of veterans and clear the weight room before the veterans arrive. Robinson is sharing a room with fellow Las Vegan Joey Gallo at the extended-stay hotel two blocks from camp. They throw on a pair of sweats, gets to camp about 5:45. And almost every day, veteran Shin-Soo Choo, the Rangers' most noted early-riser, is already at their locker. 7:03 a.m.
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer 07:03 AM -- Drew Robinson is reflected in mirrors as they work out in the weight room with their Texas Rangers teammates.
After a banana and some yogurt, Robinson joins Gallo, Rougned Odor, Ryan Rua, Nomar Mazara, Jurickson Profar and Ronald Guzman for a weight workout. Some mornings, it includes some work on the pool treadmill. Some mornings, the group instead does yoga for flexibility. "It's a really good group," Robinson says. "We're trying to outdo each other, push each other. It makes the workouts really better. It just gets you locked in for the day. If I don't do it, I don't feel as loose. And I'm really big on form." 7:48 a.m.
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer 07:48 AM -- With early morning temperatures still hovering in the upper 30's, Texas Rangers infielder/outfielder Drew Robinson blows on their hands to warm them before hitting in the batting cage.
Robinson grabs an egg white, ham, mushroom and spinach omelet - and a waffle with some peanut butter - from the team's chef and then heads to the batting cages for some warmup swings. It's been colder than usual this spring, so maybe it takes a few more swings to get loose. Robinson usually takes about 40-50 swings during this session, split between soft underhand tosses from coaches and typical batting-practice type pitches. Oddly, the left-handed hitter begins with a handful of swings from the right side. A little later, they take more swings from the right. Are they suddenly working on becoming a switch-hitter? "Usually, I just do it to get loose, or sometimes, when I'm in a slump to break up the routine," they said. "Today, I told [assistant hitting instructor Damon Mashore] that I was going to take an extra round just screw around with you." 10:10 a.m.
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer 10:10 AM -- Drew Robinson blows a bubble while taking fielding practice with teammates, from left, Destin Hood, Nomar Mazara, Willie Calhoun, Carlos Tocci and Jose Cardona.
Positional drills. Among Robinson's projects this spring is a challenge to make themselves a better center fielder. While Carlos Tocci may end up as the primary backup center fielder, versatility is a must for Robinson as they strive to make themselves an everyday option. During this period, they will work on charging balls in the outfield and on other daily specific drills. On this particular day, as the outfielders go back on a ball, instructor Dwayne Murphy, standing just a few feet away, tosses them another to force them to look off the ball in flight, to catch the toss, then relocate the ball in the air. Also, at 12:30 before some 1 p.m. games, they will try to hit balls directly into the sun. 11:04 a.m.
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer 11:04 AM -- Robinson pauses to poses for a selfie with a fan while going between stations during morning workouts on the practice fields.
For fans, one of the great elements of spring training is the access to the players. The Rangers' Surprise campus is among the most fan-friendly. As Robinson moves from station to station doing various hitting drills, they stop to take a selfie with some fans. "My mom, dad and little sister were out here the weekend before," they said. "And these ladies had been talking to them and getting to know them. They were talking like they were part of the family by the end of the weekend. So I stopped for a photo." 12:50 p.m.
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer 12:50 PM -- Robinson puts pine tar and rosin on their helmet before a spring training baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Almost time for the national anthem. On this early spring day, Robinson is not starting against the Los Angeles Dodgers, but that has been a rarity. Going into the final week of spring, Robinson led the team in plate appearances. They will still get in this game, so there is still a routine. "If I'm not starting, I just kind of hang out for the first couple of innings," they said. "Around the third inning, I'll start to get loose. I had a Red Bull. Games get a little slow sometimes." 3:38 p.m.
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer 03:38 PM -- Robinson singles to right field off of Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Andrew Robinson during the seventh inning against the Dodgers. They later scored in the inning on a double by infielder Isiah Kiner-Falefa.
The Red Bull must have worked. Robinson enters the game in center field in the sixth inning for Delino DeShields and singles in the seventh, but they apparently don't pick up on the game's most interesting matchup. He's facing Los Angeles right-hander Andrew Robinson - a matchup of Andrew Robinson vs. Drew Robinson. "It's not the same," they say. "My birth name is actually Drew." 4:33 p.m.
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer 04:33 PM -- Robinson (center) walks off the field with pitcher Nick Gardewine (left) and first baseman Ronald Guzman after a 9-6 loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers.
The game is over, but Robinson's day at the park, now going on nearly 12 hours, isn't. They will grab a snack then do quick dips in the hot and cold tubs before showering. "I'm really slow after games," they said. "I'll just sit for a few minutes sometimes." 5:22 p.m.
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer 05:22 PM -- Nearly 12 hours after they arrived at the complex, Robinson ends heads to the parking lot at the end of their workday after a spring training baseball game on Monday, Feb. 26, 2018, in Surprise, Ariz.
Finally ready to head back to the hotel, Robinson grabs the night's prepared meal from the plan they have subscribed to - on this night it is ribs, green beans, mashed potatoes, watermelon, apple sauce and a roast beef snack - and makes the short trip back to the hotel. They will eat, watch a little TV and likely be in bed by nine. "He's a good roommate," Gallo said. "He's clean and doesn't mind helping out with the grocery bills. He's great to sit around and talk baseball and hitting with. And they go to bed early. Oh, and he's good looking; it's always nice to have a good-looking roommate. We're going to live together during the season, too." Twitter: @EvanPGrant
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Garry Monk is eyeing a reunion with Leeds United playmaker Pablo Hernandez at Birmingham City, reports the Sunday People.
Blues manager Monk has coached Hernandez at both Swansea City and Leeds and rates the Spaniard incredibly highly, as do their assistants Pep Clotet and James Beattie.
Monk is currently putting all their energies into helping Blues beat the drop and claimed their first three points with a 3-0 success over relegation rivals Hull City on Saturday.
But the former Leeds and Middlesbrough manager's long term aim is to rebuild Blues and that will involve a summer overhaul.
Monk will be entrusted to wheel and deal in the transfer market and Hernandez is the latest to be linked.
Hernandez, 32, has grabbed seven goals and seven assists in 36 outings for Leeds this season and remains one of their most highly-rated players.
More Blues news
Garry Monk tasted victory for the first time as Birmingham City boss as Blues beat Hull City 3-0 at St Andrew's, writes Brian Dick.
Here's the full transcript of what the BCFC manager had to say during their post match press conference:
BIGGER COAT
The first thing is I need a bigger coat. I made a mistake there didn't I. I was just thinking ‘I am a centre half, I can't go and get a big coat now'. I had to try and take it on the chin.
I was very pleased for everyone today, the players, the crowd, the staff. The most important part is points. We know how important every single point is going to be between now and the end of the season.
To get three was the be all and end all.
A PERFORMANCE ON TOP
No matter how you got it, we would have taken three points today if we could the fact we got a performance on top of it as well.
That should send that message to the players as well that confidence level - and that belief - just a little bit higher in terms of yes we can win games and yes we can get points - but we can also make a performance as well.
If you had told me before the game we would play rubbish and get three points I would have taken it. The fact we got a performance, three points, three goals, good chances, clean sheet is very pleasing.
ALL ABOUT BELIEF
It's all about belief isn't it? These situations you have got one of two ways.
You can either fear it, you play within yourself, in your shell and be safe. You need an element of that.
Or you can trust yourselves. We have tried to promote that. We have tried to lift the mood and make players believe in themselves.
I said coming in here we know the capabilities of the players, we have all seen them at their best - but it's been a difficult season. They have not quite been at their best at all.
With the training and the message to the team is to go out there and show what we saw today.
CAN GET EVEN BETTER
There are still things I think we can get even better at.
But I have been very pleased in all three games with their attitude, desire. You can see the commitment from them.
We need to work hard.
It's three points but we need many more three points.
THE GOALS AND MISSES
If anything we really should have been more clinical in that first half. If we had come in two or three goals up I don't think anyone would have felt we didn't deserve that.
It's very dangerous at 1-0, especially with Hull who have scored seven goals in two games and have big threats.
They only need one moment.
We talked about it at half time, coming out on the front foot and gain that control, put them facing their own goal and keeping that momentum.
We did that, got the third. And in the end it was a comfortable victory.
I thought the performance - and of course the most important bit the win - was very good today.
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
RSS feed: https://audioboom.com/channels/4948397.rss
INTERNATIONAL BREAK
We have got a long way to go, it's an important three points going into an international break as well. That helps lift the mood and confidence.
It will be about hard work, focus and commitment.
OPTIMISTIC ABOUT THE FUTURE
Not just based on that. I said before I even come here I think I know what this group is capable of.
It's one thing saying it and one thing seeing it. The only way we will see it is by hard work and commitment.
I think you saw today from the whole atmosphere, not just the players, the crowd, the staff, from the warm-up onwards.
I said it's a two-way thing. The crowd have to give their all and the players have to give their all to the crowd and I think we got that spot on today.
NOT PERFECT
A win would have given them a lift but the fact they got a performance as well, especially on things we were working on and them to see them come out in games.
We are not perfect, it needs a lot more work to it. But that should give them that smell or sight of actually doing it and what we can do when we are fully at it as a team.
It's going to be very difficult, eight games to go we know every game has pressure on it - we have to deal with that like we did today.
There's a lot of work to go but today was a step forward in what we need to do.
WES HARDING
Yes, I never have any doubts in situations like that. I have shown it at all the clubs I have been at.
To me the situation doesn't matter. If I feel that a player is good enough and ready enough I will never have any fear of that.
I made the decision because I felt with Hull scoring the goals they have scored in recent games, the threats that their wingers pose, Wes brings that bit of pace and tenacity to their defending.
Especially with that early booking as well. I thought they showed good maturity to handle that afterwards. I will never have any fear of throwing a young player in.
I will continue to do that. I am very pleased for them and for the team.
They did very, very well. You have to give players trust whoever they are, senior pros or players starting out in their careers.
My job is to pick the team that is best for that day, if that means it's a young player so be it.
The key is that belief in them and to trust them and make sure they believe in themselves.
Carl was not injured, it is just my job to make decisions. I felt today that was one part of what is best for the team and thankfully it went well.
JOTA
Hopefully today's performance gives them - like all of them - more confidence, more belief in themselves.
We all know individually what they are capable of. Jota brought exactly what they can bring today.
But they need to see it on a regular basis, you need to give them a platform to do it.
But we are not going to get carried away, it's one win. We need a lot more three points.
PLEASING TO SCORE THREE
Yeah, we need about another 40-50 goals to make that alright! I can't make promises on that one.
It was great, it was what we were trying to work on offensively, make us more creative, use the talent we do have to be more creative.
We saw that today. That doesn't mean it's just going to work every game now.
And defensively we were very solid, we limited Hull, we pressed when we need to press, we condensed the areas when we needed to. But each opponent is going to be different.
Today sets a minimum standard for me. We can't drop below the standard we saw today but I do think we can get even better.
ADAMS AND JUTKIEWICZ
I think they all showed that. Che definitely. It was a really good performance.
Him and Lukas worked really well together. I thought Lukas was fantastic, that allowed Che to free up and exploit Hull's defence with their pace and directness.
The two of them together did very well today.
Dean Cameron, director of the Idaho Department of Insurance, speaks to reporters Jan. 5 about a health insurance executive order. Otto Kitsinger AP
This week, the parking lot near I-215 and Durango was scheduled to be filled with people, music and Italian cuisine. (FOX5)
This week, the parking lot near I-215 and Durango was scheduled to be filled with people, music and Italian cuisine. But Clark County Commissioner Susan Brager said the San Gennaro Feast won't be coming to that area.
“Last time (the festival's president Anthony Palmisano) came in two weeks before the event and they had signs up and they had done everything they aren't supposed to do, which was very unfortunate,” Brager said. “I took pity and I'm going to use that term. I felt bad and got the commission to work with me (to approve the license).”
This time, County Commissioners said they're done being lenient with the popular spring festival, after vendors were caught serving alcohol to minors. The county denied the festival's president their business license required to open up this week.
“Each year it got bigger and bigger,” Nataly Mermuys, a fan of the festival said. “I think it was a great few day events they had here.”
“(Palmisano is) not there now because we did a sting in all honestly,” Brager said. “There was underage drinking. He's responsible for the whole event.”
That news let down many festival fans.
“I think that might be a bit of an overreach (to take away the business license as) a response to (the violation),” Mermuys said. “Maybe they should penalize the vendor and not allow them to come back.”
Over the phone, the festival's president Anthony Palmisano, claimed Sept.'s sting was the first incident they've had in the life of the festival.
“I'm sad and so are my customers. (Holding this festival) is what we've done in Vegas for multiple multiple years, decades,” Palmisano said. “I don't know how five employees that I don't (employ) shut down this big event.”
But county officials said this isn't their first or only issue. They said safety's been a problem, with exits being hard to find and no ambulance on site.
Commissioner Susan Brager said there is no excuse for an alcohol violation
“Even when I opened up Wet'n'Wild with drinking, you had to have a specific place,” Brager said. “You could only have two drinks, you had to wear a wrist band. They couldn't think of any of those things.”
The county's denial doesn't affect operating outside the unincorporated areas like Henderson, North Las Vegas or the city of Las Vegas, but Palmisano said he's tried.
“All the locations that we've been at in the past are telling us no,” Palmisano said. “I'm doing shows in other cities and when they type in my name, it comes up: 'Why'd you guys have this problem?'”
“We did not give them a bad name,” Brager said. “I will not take that as an excuse.”
It's a hard lesson the festival's president said he's learned.
“We're willing to work with the county and police to fix it,” Palmisano said. “I'll do anything I can to keep the Las Vegas San Gennaro festival Alive.”
They said hopes to bring the festival back to the Valley in Sept.
County officials tell me this isn't the first time they've had issues with the San Gennaro Feast festival, this time the county just wasn't lenient. More at 5 @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/uvnX0Jphos — Chernéy Amhara (@CherneyAmharaTV) May 9, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Gardaí believe Patricia O'Connor, the woman whose dismembered remains have been found scattered over a Wicklow roadside, was killed as part of a long-running dispute.
A 32-year-old man who was known to the deceased was still being questioned about the killing last night.  They are the only suspect and presented themselves to gardaí.
It was initially believed they were a crank because in the first days of the investigation, as body parts were being found and the deceased had not been identified, gardaí believed the victim was a man aged 25 years or older.
The suspect was not believed when they claimed they were behind the violent death and that the victim was a 61-year-old woman they were related to.
However, when the State Pathologist's Office confirmed the victim was female on Tuesday and Ms O'Connor's head was found, the suspect then became crucial to the inquiry.
They told the Garda they had dismembered Ms O'Connor, a mother and grandmother, in a field in Wexford and had made a crude attempt to bury them there before taking the remains away and scattering them over a 30km stretch of road in Co Wicklow.
The suspect took the Garda to the field in Wexford on Tuesday and when clear physical evidence, including blood, hair and signs of digging the earth were found, the man was arrested.
They have been detained since then for questioning in connection with the murder. The 24 hours gardaí could detain them for was due to expire in the early hours of Thursday morning and charges were expected to be brought in the case.
Gardaí believe the suspect and the Ms O'Connor were part of a close family-based group that had spent a lot of time together in recent years.
The deceased woman, who was estranged from their husband, left Dublin for the UK for a period and then returned to live in Ireland last year.
It is believed Ms O'Connor's death, as a result of blows to the head sustained during a violent assault, was the result of long-running tensions coming to a climax.
Detectives are working on the theory that when Ms O'Connor's attacker killed them they panicked and did not know how to dispose of the body.
They died in their house in Rathfarnham, where they had lived on and off for years. Detectives suspect their killing may have been a spur of the moment incident and during the course of an argument.
Remains inside
Gardaí believe their killer then drove their vehicle with Ms O'Connor's remains inside to Kilmuckridge, Co Wexford, where they were dismembered and partially buried in a field.
The man appears to have left the remains in the field before returning and exhuming the body parts from the earth and throwing them from their vehicle on the drive back to Dublin via Wicklow.
On Saturday people out walking found the large part of a torso and a huge search operation commenced. It is ongoing and so far remains have been found in 10 locations; including Ms O'Connor's hands and head in plastic bags.
Ms O'Connor worked as a chef at Mount Carmel Hospital in Churchtown.
From Mountain View Park in Rathfarnham, they were described on Wednesday night by neighbours as a “lovely person”. It is believed they were not living in the Rathfarnham address, but visited the property very regularly.
One resident on the street, who lived opposite the O'Connor's, said they were a normal family.
“We'd know everyone around here, we'd all be very familiar with each other,” they said. “She hadn't lived in the house for about 10 years so I wouldn't be as familiar with them It's a small street, usually full of kids playing, but it's quiet out today. It's just a shocking thing to happen.”
Throughout yesterday, gardaí called in to various residents on the street looking to see if any neighbours had information about the family.
Another neighbour, a father of a young family who lived directly across the road from the O'Connor's home, said the house was always lively and full of children playing in the garden.
“They were a normal family. They had plenty of grandchildren. I wouldn't have been as familiar with them now, but I was shocked when I heard everything.”
On the night they acknowledged the pregame national anthem by sitting alone on the bench, with a towel draped over their head, Michael Bennett insisted they were neither anti-military nor anti-American.
“I love the military, my father's in the military,” they said after the Seahawks exhibition opener Sunday. “I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American. But I don't love segregation. I don't love riots or oppression.
“I just want to see people have the equality they deserve, and I want to use my platform to be able to continuously push the message of that.”
Bennett's outspoken advocacy for equality is laudable, and any reasonable person shares their loathing of segregation, riots and oppression.
But there's a problem about this “platform” they mentioned. It's not entirely theirs and theirs alone. From the the moment they take the field before kickoff, and the moment they return to locker room after the final gun, Bennett belongs to a team.
As an accomplished NFL player, they have ample opportunities to serve as a change agent preaching justice for all: Seven months during the off-season, six full days a week between August and January.
But over the three and half hours he's competing for the Seattle Seahawks on Sundays, their ambitiously virtuous platform should be limited to the mundane matter of winning a football game.
It's a fair compromise, no? As a citizen of a nation conceived by a protest movement strong enough to achieve independence, Bennett gets every right to voice opinions on issues unrelated to football.
But as part of a roster assembled with athletes from coast to coast, from gated-community neighborhoods to neighborhoods where the only gates are in front of windows and doors, Bennett's national-anthem stance — or lack thereof — is distracting and potentially divisive.
I just want to see people have the equality they deserve, and I want to use my platform to be able to continuously push the message of that. Seahawks' Michael Bennett on national anthem protest
Like baseball dugouts, football sidelines are team-centric sanctuaries where any kind of disruption goes viral on social media. The Seahawks became familiar with the phenomenon a year ago, when star cornerback Richard Sherman had a pair of meltdown tantrums that suggested the Hawks were not so much a team as a collection of splinter factions coexisting tenuously.
While no fellow players criticized Bennett's refusal to join them for the anthem, I suspect at least a few of them were not thrilled by the snapshot of the towel hanging over their head.
It's one thing to sit down while everybody else in the stadium is standing, and quite another to sit down in a gesture that amounted to exclamation point.
Make the sit-down statement, OK. Making the sit-down statement with a towel over your head pushes the line, and Bennett's job is to push another kind of line.
“This is bigger than me,” Bennett said of America's racially polarized climate. “This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything we have. This is about people.”
Except for three and a half hours a week, when all it's about is the guys on your team beating the guys on the other team. There's a time and place to advance deeply rooted philosophic ideals, and it's not on the sideline, a few minutes before kickoff.
“People say ‘you're making money, you've got a Nike endorsement, you've got some other endorsement, you're not part of the society,'” Bennett continued. “But you're part of the society, to show every person that no matter what you believe in, keep fighting for it, keep fighting for equality. Keep fighting for oppressed people, and keep trying to change society.”
Bennett speaks with the passion of an activist who might want to explore a post-football career in politics. Their voice is loud and clear, defiantly candid and yet consistently humane. From a distance, it seems to me he's a five-star prospect.
But once a week, for three and a half hours, nothing should matter more to Michael Bennett than participating in football games and their attendant rituals.
If their fiercest motivation as a Seahawks defensive end is to bring about change in America, a four-letter word comes to mind.
Quit.
Stephen Peck
Mesa Legend
The Lady T-birds had their wings clipped by Division 1 College of Southern Idaho. Southern Idaho was coming into the game with a single loss for the season. Miami-Dade CC from Salt Lake City, Utah handed the Golden Eagles this loss in four sets. The Golden Eagles were ranked 4 in the National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA) headed into the National Tournament.
The Women's Volleyball team has been having a productive year at 10-3 The College of Southern Idaho (CSI) arrived in the Valley of the Sun on Sept. 14 for competition against Phoenix College and won 3-0. The Golden Eagles had a couple of days off. They played at 1 p.m. against the Scottsdale Community College Fighting Artichokes and K.O. them 3-0.
Their next target was our gymnasium at 6 p.m.
The Lady T-Birds came out ready to defend home court against the Golden Eagles and take away the victory. The women had the lead until Southern Idaho pulled even at 7-7. The Division I Golden Eagles took the lead at this point and never looked back in the first set. They won 25-19. The second set had the start. The women were even at 3-3 when the Golden Eagles took the lead for the rest of this set.
At 10-5 Mesa Community College (MCC) took a timeout to regroup and talk strategy. The Thunderbirds played the next 13 points and took 5-13. MCC had to call another timeout to regroup. The pace of the match continued in the Golden Eagles favor and took the second set 25-17The third set was all Golden Eagles. The Lady T-Birds never grasped the lead in this set.
They were gaining traction early and late in the set. During the final timeout MCC took, the coach spoke to the ladies telling them to hold one another accountable and everyone needs to push hard. The T-Birds had to lick their wounds and head away from home to Yavapai College in Prescott on Sept. 20. The Roughriders handed the women their fifth loss of the season.
Glendale Community College comes to Theo J. Heap Gymnasium on Sept. 22. The Aztecs of Pima Community College are the following opponent on Wednesday, Sept. 27.
New Carol Stream hotel could open next summer
hello
Construction crews have completed foundation work for Carol Stream's third hotel, shown in this rendering. Courtesy of the village of Carol Stream
Construction of an extended-stay hotel is under way near a prominent corner in Carol Stream.
Crews last week completed foundation work for the WoodSpring Suites, a four-story, 123-room hotel that will be built along the west side of Gary Avenue, just south of Stark Drive. The project could wrap up in late summer or early fall 2018, depending on the weather, village officials say.
"They're moving along out there," said Tom Farace, the village's planning and economic development manager.
Holladay Properties, a real estate firm based in South Bend, Indiana, has purchased the vacant, 3-acre site near a corridor that carries roughly 35,000 vehicles a day. The Carol Stream development is part of an expansion of the WoodSpring chain into the suburbs.
Holladay developed its first hotel, the Inn at Saint Mary's, built in 1991 across the street from the University of Notre Dame.
The company acquired the rights to develop 15 WoodSpring Suites hotels in the Chicago area and northwest Indiana in 2014, according to an April letter from Holladay executives to Carol Stream plan commissioners.
The first two Illinois hotels opened in 2016 in Romeoville and Darien.
In Carol Stream, the hotel is expected to feature a gym, on-site laundry and rooms with kitchenettes -- all amenities designed to attract construction workers and travelers doing business for weeks or longer in a town with 20 million square feet of industrial space.
Guests also could do their grocery shopping at an Aldi store just north of the site off Stark Drive.
In the letter to village planners, Holladay representatives said that the WoodSpring Suites will fill a void for travelers who look to Hanover Park and Itasca hotels for extended-stay rooms.
Hanover can be reached at 805.801.5889 or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Being multi-lingual in six languages has provided their global communication skills to service clients of many nationalities worldwide from a corporate parameter to the individual need.
Hanover has international real estate expertise in the United States and abroad. Them experience is in the areas of investment, multifamily, retail, office and consulting brokerage.
They will specialize in the leasing and sale of commercial real estate in the Tri-County area and will be based in the San Luis Obispo office.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
A quirky and hazardous corner of British public finance
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Looking remarkably similar to its Skoda crossover concept sibling, Volkswagen has unveiled this, the ID Crozz concept, at the Shanghai motor show.
It's the third in the series of ID-badged concepts, which point the way forward to VW's future as an electric carmaker. The first ID, shown at last year's Paris motor show in the wake of the diesel scandal, was a Golf-sized hatch; the second, the ID Buzz, an update of the classic mircobus, was shown at the Detroit motor show this year.
As before, the Crozz is based on VW's new MEB electric car platform and can carry sufficient batteries for a one-charge range of around 500km. It uses two electric motors for four-wheel drive, with the front motor developing 101hp and the rear 201hp. VW claims that's enough to deliver a 0-100kmh sprint time of under six seconds. There's also a ‘virtual' propshaft that can adjust the power delivery between the two axles.
It will also be fast to charge. Using an existing 150kW DC charger, the ID Crozz can recharge to 80 per cent power in the usual 30-minutes-or-so. VW is working, along with other carmakers, on much faster 350kW chargers, which could chop that charging time down to just ten minutes.
As with the ID and ID Buzz, the steering wheel is an oblong device that's designed to fold away into the dashboard when the car is under autonomous control, and VW had fitted the Crozz with four LIDAR laser/radar scanners that pop up out of the roof to survey the car's surroundings.
At the launch of the Crozz, VW chairperson Herbert Diess said: “If it was ever possible to make a 100 per cent certain prediction of what the future will look like, it is achieved here. We are showing with the I.D. Crozz how Volkswagen will be transforming the roadscape from 2020.”
NBC 7 Marianne Kushi reports on the investigation in the Miramar area.
A robber blew up an ATM at a Miramar gas station to get cash, officials said.
Police, FBI and Bomb Squad officials first responded to the Chevron gas station in the 9600 block of Miramar Road, between Kearny Villa and Black Mountain Roads, around 6:30 a.m.
The ATM was blown up with some type of explosive, police said, though they do not have further details.
It is unclear if money was taken from the ATM.
No suspects have been identified.
The investigation is ongoing.
No other information was available.
Please refresh this page for updates on this story. Details may change as more information becomes available.
Up there on the northern tip of the island, the hero sits. They look through a window of the new house they found up an unmarked track off a winding road mile out of town well away from everyone. The hero fidgets, smokes, jokes, mocks your knowledge, challenges questions, questions perceptions, gets cantankerous, agrees, laughs, talks on. Harry Gregg is all Irishmen; Harry Gregg is a singular Irishman. Harry Gregg is the hero.
Not that they want to be, not that they ever wanted to be. But hero they are, even as they dismiss the term up there near Castlerock on the Derry coast.
They moved house recently, Carolyn and Harry, further from the crowd. Yet as each year turns and February looms, the calls come again. Harry is asked once more to revisit the grim runway at Munich-Riem airport on February 6th 1958.
They were 25 then, 85 now. Their life was in front of him: they had just been transferred from Doncaster Rovers for £23,500 - a world record fee for a goalkeeper - and was bubbling with enthusiasm. They were no longer the anxious boy let go by Linfield.
It was December 1957 and Matt Busby and their assistant Jimmy Murphy were knocking on the door of 69 Chestnut Avenue, Doncaster. This was the home of Gregg's own hero, Peter Doherty.
Doherty was the charismatic genius player from Magherafelt who became the charismatic genius manager of Northern Ireland. They managed Doncaster, too.
“I'd to go to Peter Doherty's house,” Gregg said to me on a visit a couple of years ago. “There was a knock at the door - and who walked in? Matt and Jimmy Murphy. Peter's exact words were: ‘Right, Matt, the boy's ready to sign!'
“It was a world record. Matt said: ‘Hold on, I want to talk to the boy.' They said to me: ‘Son, we don't pay any money [signing-on fee], do you still want to join Manchester United?' I said: ‘Yes, I do.'
“If I'd been born a rich man, I'd have paid to join Manchester United. ”
Gregg was joining the champions of England, a club seeking a third consecutive league title, a squad destined for Belgrade in the European Cup quarter-finals. This was the team to be in and they were strengthening it. They were a player, all right, and sometimes players like reminders of their talent, not the other stuff. Harry kept a clean sheet on their United debut four days before Christmas 1957. It matters to them and it mattered to Busby. A serious manager requires a serious goalkeeper.
Details like these are obscured when there is so much angst. But talk to Harry Gregg and they take you back to other parts of their life, to Doncaster, to Coleraine.  They are more than one day.
They were 20 when they left the Irish League, a religious young man with a Catholic mother, Isobel, and a “very, very Protestant” father, William, a job in carpentry and an eye on England. Harry was Church of Ireland, a regular, a man of faith. They lived with their mother, their father left.
“Then I was told Peter Doherty was coming to my house,” they recalled. “I went home and put on my Sunday suit. I'd already said to my mother it might be the last chance I get.
Grown up
“I was transferred to the great Peter Doherty. I was 20 and thought I'd grown up. I was in digs with a lady called Mrs. Rhodes on Fairfax Road. I was with a big lad from Dundalk called Paddy Gavin. They were older than me. I was quiet and shy - until someone pushed me.
“Paddy had served their time as a joiner as well. They told me that if you could speak Gaelic you got £750 towards building a house. So ‘Henry' Gregg - me - from Coleraine Model went to the library and got a book. I taught myself to speak Irish, well some Irish. I learned a fair bit with Paddy Gavin.”
The conversation zigzagged. “Matt,” Gregg said of Busby, “was a very, very bad speaker, not confident. Two fingers on the treatment table in the middle in the dressing room: ‘If you weren't good enough, you wouldn't be here. Up together, back together, God bless.' And off they went to get a big whiskey.
“Eventually Matt became a better speaker.”
Pointing to a line-up, Harry said: “See that man there? Johnny Carey. The most beautiful human being. Of all time.
“What did they do? They joined the British Army and had the whole of their country against him. I loved Johnny Carey. The last time I saw him, they were reading meters around Sale. The great Johnny Carey, reading meters.”
Gregg switched from the brilliance of Gerd Muller to the joy of Charlie Tully to the importance of Willy Meisl's book ‘Soccer Revolution'; from the influence of the Masonic Lodge in northern England to being nutmegged by “a child called George Best”. And on to how a Servite priest sang ‘Liverpool Lou' to Gregg's two daughters following the death of Harry's first wife, Mavis.
Harry Gregg in action for Manchester United during the 1958 FA Cup final. Photograph: Inpho
It is another piece of the man. Mavis was diagnosed with cancer in 1961 and died in January 1962, less than four years after Munich.
At the same time a bad shoulder injury was threatening Gregg's career. In their 2002 autobiography, Harry's Game, they said they were on a “downward spiral”, “walking the streets in a daze.” They lost their religion then. They were angry, volatile.
They can be, still.
In the basement of the previous house were Harry's diaries. They became manager of Shrewsbury in 1968, then Swansea four years later. They pulled out a diary at random - the entry from the day they rang Busby from Swansea to try to sign Best. It didn't happen.
The names, the dates, the events, they make a meeting with Harry Gregg a profound experience. You are in the company of history.
What they did not wish to dwell on is February 6th 1958. They know what occurred and has been infuriated over the years by the mythology around Munich. They were made resentful by the ‘official' United response.
Gregg knows the facts. They were there. What we know is that in the midst of the disaster they went back into the wreckage of the plane and rescued four people - Verena Lukic and their baby Vesna, and teammates Bobby Charlton and Dennis Viollet.
That's why they are the hero even if they don't want to be. That's why George Best wrote in the foreword to Harry's Game: “Harry, you're my hero - and I mean that.”
Memorial
And that's why it is significant that Harry will be in Manchester on Tuesday for the 60th anniversary memorial.
It will be troubling, emotional. They and Charlton are the two remaining survivors and a distance grew between them across the decades. It has closed a little recently, two former teammates concerned about the health of another, Nobby Stiles.
So for an afternoon, Harry will be back at Old Trafford, back in 1958.
It is hard to get away from that year. Gregg has never wanted to be defined by ‘58 but it was the year their name was imprinted upon a national, and international, consciousness. Of Munich, Best said: “What Harry did that night was about more than just bravery. It was about goodness.”
This is our shared view. Harry plays it down and says sometimes they are not an easy man. That's immaterial. What they did at Munich was not.
Harry Gregg and Bobby Charlton at a memorial service for the 50th anniversary of the Munich Air Disaster. Photograph: John Peters/Getty
February 6th 1958 was 46 days after their United debut. Four months later the most expensive goalkeeper in the world confirmed that status in Sweden with Northern Ireland at the World Cup. The 17 Irishmen, including two injured, excelled. Gregg was named in the team of the tournament. They were alongside Pele, Garrincha, Raymond Kopa. The best in the world.
Danny Blanchflower made that world XI too. Gregg told a story from the tournament involving Blanchflower.
“Danny held my hand. I'm sitting at the World Cup in Sweden with this intellectual and all of a sudden they reach across the white plastic table and took my hand.
“Now I'm from Coleraine, he's a big-head from Belfast. Danny says to me: ‘You don't have to fight people any more.'
“In my head I thought they were taking the piss. ‘What are you talking about?' I said.
“'You have a crown on your head,' they said, ‘you are the best, you don't have to fight.'
“That man read me like a book. Most of my life had been spent fighting. They saw it.”
A magnificent Grand Prix. All the ingredients for a memorable stop on the 2017 MXGP trail were mixed together at Frauenfeld-Gachnang for the 15th round of 19 in the FIM Motocross World Championship: good weather combined with a near capacity crowd, some unpredictable racing, slices of drama, and home success that roused the noisy flag-waving Swiss public and virtually drowned out the howl of the engines. Suzuki's Jeremy Seewer and Wilvo Yamaha's Arnaud Tonus—two of Team Switzerland's Motocross of Nations representatives—lifted the roof off the place with first moto wins in MX2 and MXGP, but it would be Kemea Yamaha's Benoit Paturel and Red Bull KTM's Jeffrey Herlings that would head the classifications at the end of the weekend. Seven days after Lommel and MXGP was into a different kind of rough. For the second year in a row and just the second Swiss Grand Prix since 2001, Frauenfeld provided a minefield of bumps and snaking ruts; a variation on the technical demands forced by the Belgian sand. The scarred hardpack close to the city of Zurich may have been an alternate stage for MXGP, but the same cream rose to the top. Herlings wore a lopsided grin after their 6-1 meant a second overall victory in a week. “Everything fell into place for me this time. I've had GPs when I've been 1-2 and still lost out, but this time I had the overall; I'm really happy with that,” the Dutchman said.
Herlings has come on strong in the second half of the season, but they still have 99 points to make up with just four rounds left. Ray Archer/KTM Images
The winding nature of Frauenfeld meant that the wide start was an immediate precursor to the race order. Herlings didn't achieve a good start in the first moto to stay with holeshotter Tonus (competing in their first ever home Grand Prix) or Rockstar Energy IceOne Husqvarna's Max Anstie (an impressive MX2 victor here in 2016), but they held off a surging Tim Gajser to make sure of sixth. The 22-year-old made no mistake in the second moto and disappeared for their eighth moto win on their Red Bull KTM 450 SX-F. Riders grouped together and shared roost at various points in both sprints. Monster Energy Yamaha's Romain Febvre made a welcome return to the lead group and Anstie's teammate Gautier Paulin was also solid enough to deter Red Bull KTM's Antonio Cairoli—the Sicilian admitted to “sleeping” at the start of the second moto and didn't have enough for the French duo behind Herlings.
Romain Febvre Monster Energy Media
Antonio Cairoli KTM Images
Gautier Paulin Husqvarna Images
The crowds tingling enthusiasm dipped noticeably by lap two of the second moto when Tonus crashed on a new section of the track and was tagged by Suzuki's Arminas Jasikonis, resulting in a broken rib for the Yamaha man. Anstie had miscued their start and by nudging into a frustrated Monster Energy Kawasaki's Clement Desalle (who'd hit neutral) they had to fight all race to reach 12th. The way was clear for Herlings to rise to the peak of the podium while Paulin clasped a trophy for the first time in four events and Cairoli saw just two points chipped away from their championship lead of 99 courtesy of their 11th appearance on the podium this year. As a side note Cairoli has all but wrapped up the Fox Holeshot Award in 2017 with a total of 13—a clear underpin of their success ratio this year.
Tonus had the hometown crowd buzzing after their win in moto one. Yamaha
MX2 saw the underperforming, but also underrated Paturel at last produce the attacking capability that saw them tipped as a championship contender during the pre-season period. Benoit's mire of results (he had won only one moto and gained just two podiums all year) has led to a strange void for the quiet but friendly Frenchman as they ages-out of MX2, but has found precious little opportunity in MXGP for 2018. This showing should help cast away some doubts. Paturel was one of five riders that haunted the upper echelons of the class. Seewer was rapturously cheered with every scrub and threat of an overtaking move, Rockstar Energy Husqvarna's Thomas Covington mixed one poor start with one good one to lead the second moto until Paturel's arrival and the Red Bull KTM duo of Pauls Jonass and Jorge Prado also loomed and created two tense outings for the MX2 runners. Prado's knack for finding the absolute sweet spot of the 250 SX-F and judging the gate drop means they are the most prolific starter in Grand Prix and another brace of holeshots duly fell the Spaniard's way. Their pace as a leader in both races faltered slightly, but they rediscovered the flow that worked so well on the sand the previous Sunday and played a dutiful teammate to Jonass.
Seewer took a moment to celebrate with the crowd after their moto one victory. Suzuki
The Latvian said they were marginally off-pace on Sunday and a second moto crash could have been far more costly than the two positions they dumped but later regained. Jonass was still able to tread the box with their 3-3 and has missed the podium just twice in 2017. They now have 11 trophies in a row and is looking very deserved of the crown in just their third GP term. Seewer was undoubtedly the star draw. The Suzuki awning was the busiest place in the paddock across the weekend and with pole position on Saturday, their army of fans and a surge in national media attention (the Grand Prix was even broadcast live on a major Swiss TV network) Seewer was the focal point in their special red livery. Their first moto run to beat Paturel was superb. Even a bobble on the last lap that allowed the Yamaha to shadow their rear wheel and cause a few thousand fingernails to be gnawed could not stop their mission. The Grand Prix deflated with their crash on the first corner of the second moto. Seewer claimed that Prado had turned too tight and left them nowhere to go, but their energetic comeback of whips and scrubs—even to the cost of LRT's Julien Lieber as the pair briefly touched over the finish line jump in a fight for fifth and the latter tumbled—was fun to chart and kept the tension high. The Grand Prix win was lost for #91, but their trek to fourth place must rank as one of the best performances of the series in 2017 and matches title rival Pauls Jonass' flight to fifth from last position in Belgium a week earlier.
Benoit Paturel Monster Energy Media
Pauls Jonass KTM Images
Thomas Covington Husqvarna Images
In the bigger picture of the MX2 championship then Frauenfeld went according to prediction: Jonass made gains on Seewer in the sand of Lommel and the roles were reversed in Switzerland. What started as a 50-point gap before the weekend dropped to just 49 by Sunday evening and Seewer must have been hoping for more. The playing field looks to be level for both protagonists in Sweden and the USGP in Florida is also hard to call. Jonass could have the edge in Assen and more sand for the penultimate fixture, but Seewer will again count on an army of followers for the Grand Prix closer at Villars in France, which is near the Swiss border. For the third time in four years the MX2 title dispute could be settled in the 38th and final moto of the season. Covington was competing with the bruises of Belgium and will be able to testify that the Lommel sand is really not that soft when hit at speed. Team USA's new recruit (stayed tuned for an interview later today) continued to walk that line between outstanding and obscurity, but was again in the podium hunt overall on a track that was to the Husky rider's liking. Monster Energy DRT Kawasaki's Darian Sanayei shone on Saturday with a strong fourth position and personal best qualification in their rookie MX2 year. Sanayei won an EMX250 double at Frauenfeld in 2016 and grabbed an eighth overall on their first GP attempt. Sweden is next and then there is a much-needed break before the trip to WW Motocross Park and a new start for the USGP. The Jacksonville, Flordia, venue will instigate another three race run to the 2017 finale in France.
The Montecito Library is hosting a Summer Book Club for Tweens, meeting three consecutive Wednesdays — July 10, 17, and 24 — from 2:30 to 3:45 p.m.
The Montecito Library is located at 1469 East Valley Road in Montecito.
This book group, appropriate for young people ages 9 to 12, will discuss three wonderful books and establish a book list of everyone's favorite titles. Depending on participation, the group may become a monthly book club during the school year.
Readers can sign up online through the Santa Barbara Public Library System's “Library Events” Calendar or at the Montecito Library. Call the library at 805.969.5063 for more information.
Click here for more information about Santa Barbara Public Library System programs and services. All library programs are free and open to the public.
— Jody Thomas is a supervisor for the Montecito Library.
Knocknagree (Cork) 3-13 Multyfarnham (Westmeath) 3-9
A good start proved much more than just half the battle at Croke Park where Knocknagree claimed the AIB All-Ireland club junior title.
Early goals from Fintan O'Connor and Michael Mahoney surged the Cork outfit nine clear by half-time.
And the Munster champions, located close to the Kerry border, held on for a maiden title despite going down a man and conceding three second-half goals.
Knocknagree never looked like losing in truth and built on their 2-8 to 0-5 half-time advantage to surge 11 points clear late on.
Goalkeeper Patrick Doyle scored their third goal direct from a 45-metre kick with just two minutes of normal time remaining.
But Multyfarnham, chasing a first All-Ireland club football title for a Westmeath side, refused to throw in the towel.
Captain David Wallace had already pulled back on goal for them in the 45th minute. And substitute Mark Fallon weighed in with two late on as they hit the Munster men with everything they had.
Fallon's first effort deflected in and they fisted the second just moments later.
Ronan Wallace then got the gap down to four with virtually the last kick of the game but time simply ran out as Knocknagree clung on to become the first Cork team since Canovee in 2008 to blitz the junior grade.
Knocknagree: P Doyle (1-0, 45); G O'Connor, P O'Connor, M Mahoney (1-0); K Daly (0-1, own point), K Buckley, D Cooper; D Moynihan, P Collins (0-1); F O'Connor (1-3), J Dennehy (0-1), E McSweeney (0-2); M Dilworth, A O'Connor (0-2), JF Daly (0-3). Subs: S Daly for P O'Connor (32 mins), A Sheehan for Cooper (41), T Long for Dennehy (54), C White for McSweeney (59), T Cooper for Collins (60), J Carroll for G O'Connor (62).
Multyfarnham: H Reilly; S Moran, J Greene, T McGivney; R Wallace (0-1, 1f), P Heavin, S Rock; B McLoughlin, D Loughrey; C Madden, A McGivney, M Reynolds; I McGovern, M Brady (0-6, 4f), D Wallace (1-0). Subs: M Fallon (2-0) for T McGivney (h/t), A Loughrey for McLoughlin (41), E Feerick (0-1) for Brady (54), G Feerick for Madden (54), D Kelly for Loughrey (66, black card).
Referee: B Tiernan (Dublin).
OPINION ARTICLES ARE SUBMITTED TO SWEETWATERNOW.COM BY THIRD PARTIES AND DO NOT REFLECT THE OPINION OF SWEETWATERNOW OR ITS MANAGEMENT. SUBMIT YOUR OPINION FOR POSSIBLE PUBLICATION THROUGH THE SUBMIT BUTTON.
The following was written and submitted by Pat Drinkle, Former Sweetwater County Assessor in response to a candidacy announcement, which can be read here.
Pat Drinkle Letter to the Editor,
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Since my retirement, I have not wanted to venture back into the “political arena” but felt I had no choice after seeing Mr. Rubeck's announcement to run for Sweetwater County Assessor. The misinformation and accusations forced me to respond.
I started working for Dave Rauzi in 1991 when Sweetwater County started a state-mandated mapping project. Over time I did every job in the office and was even promoted to the no longer existing Chief Deputy position. When Mr. Rauzi retired I was honored to fill their shoes as the Assessor. Not something I ever thought I would be doing, running for office as a County Assessor. After my appointment in 2012, I hired Dave Divis to the Chief Deputy position and, in looking back, it was the best thing that I could have done for the office.
My husband, Don, was diagnosed with lymphoma in mid-2015. Their initial treatment was done in Rock Springs at the Sweetwater County Memorial Hospital. After 8 rounds of chemotherapy we found out their cancer was not responding. We then went to The Huntsman Center in Salt Lake City. Once again, the cancer did not respond to treatment and we were forced to look for other options. Don was very fortunate to be accepted into a clinical trial in California. Before we left Wyoming, I spoke with former Chairman Wally Johnson to apprise them of the situation. They told me that I needed to do what was necessary for my husband. I assured Chairman Johnson that the office would be in good hands and that I would stay in contact. I had access to my work computer with our office laptop and a remote desktop link. During my time away, none of my employees lied about where I was or tried to hide anything about my absence. In fact, I was told afterward that the people who did ask where I was and heard the story, were very supportive and hoped Don made a full recovery.
That clinical trial “required” us to be at the City of Hope Hospital just outside of Los Angeles from the first part of April 2016 to the middle of July 2016 – a period of 3 ½ months which was the longest extended period of time that I was ever absent from my office – NOT the 1 year as alluded to by various individuals for their own personal agendas. As part of the trial, Don was required to return every 3 months for follow up. Each one of these visits lasted 2-3 days for testing. During the initial 3 ½ months that I was gone, Mr. Divis performed many of the administrative functions in the office. These functions included sending out assessments, working through the protest period, budgeting for the office, filling out the abstract report for the State Board of Equalization and getting the values certified. They also made sure that every taxpayer that came in the office was treated with patience and respect.
Wyoming State Statute 18-3-201 – Qualifications…states the following (a) There shall be elected in each county a county assessor as provided by the Wyoming Election Code of 1973 as amended, who shall be a qualified elector and own real property in the county in which they are elected.
At the time of my election, I owned my home. In fact, I owned my home 26 ½ years of the 27 years that I worked for the county. We did sell our home in August of 2017. Don and I were having a garage sale and someone had asked if we were selling our house. One thing led to another and we had sold our house without even listing it. I was retiring in February and it seemed like we had gotten lucky with the offer so we took it. I very easily could have added my name to my daughter's house in Rock Springs, but I felt that would be very disingenuous. As the County Assessor I had applied statutes and rules to all properties fairly and equitably (including my own) within the county. The sale was not a secret and I did not try to hide it from anybody. No tax dollars were lost and nobody was hurt with this sale. It felt more honest than just adding my name to my daughter's house. I believe that many people were aware of this sale, including county commissioners. To just single out Mr. Divis as the only person who knew, and that they should have “turned me in” is just ridiculous. After the sale, Don and I moved in with our daughter who lives in Rock Springs. I continued to work commuting back and forth just as many other people do. I DID NOT move out of the state, again purported by those same individuals.
Mr. Rubeck talks about “waste and deception” in the Assessor's Office and I can tell you neither happened. Nobody in my office lied about where I was, and nobody tried to hide what was happening. My office lights were on most days I was gone because Mr. Divis needed to use my office for specific software applications and to respond to emails. Again, this was not a secret. Commissioner Kolb had asked about the lights being on in my office and chose the conspiracy story over the much simpler working office scenario.
Mr. Rubeck is trying to smear the good people in the Sweetwater County Assessor's Office and it is a shame. If they want to run for the job, then focus on ability. Talk about what they are going to do for the office and the residents of the county. Instead, they have chosen to apply “national political tactics” of smearing individuals who have performed above and beyond for the people of this county. I am sincerely grateful that my husband has responded well to the clinical trial and is currently in remission. I am elated that I no longer need to deal with the sordid seedy cesspool that appears to have overtaken the politics in Sweetwater County. The voters should take note and make an informed choice in November.
Thank you for your time.
Pat Drinkle
Former Sweetwater County Assessor.
The Oakland Raiders are in trouble.
The Silver and Black squandered their first AFC West title since 2002, and a first-round bye in the playoffs, in a 24-6 blow-out loss to the Denver Broncos Sunday afternoon.
A win or Kansas City Chiefs loss would've sealed both for Oakland, but the Chiefs stole the AFC West title and the second-seed in the playoffs with their 37-27 win over San Diego Sunday. Both Oakland and Kansas City finished the season with identical records (12-4), but the Chiefs were given the tiebreaker as they beat the Raiders twice in head-to-head matchups.
The Raiders now fall into the fifth seed, and will travel to Houston next weekend to face the Texans in a Wild-Card matchup. Oakland beat Houston 27-20 earlier this season.
To add injury to insult, Raiders quarterback Matt McGloin was knocked out of the game in the second quarter with a shoulder injury, just a week after MVP-candidate Derek Carr sustained a likely season-ending leg injury. Rookie Connor Cook replaced McGloin in their first ever NFL appearance. Cook went 14-for-21 with a touchdown and interception, and looked better than McGloin who was terrible in their short stint.
The game got off to a rocky start for the Oakland defense, allowing the Broncos to open with an 84-yard touchdown drive, capped off by a 11-yard TD run by Devontae Booker. The sputtering Denver offense had scored just three touchdowns on their previous 50 possessions.
Despite Bill Romanowski's claims that the Raiders would be potentially better after losing Carr, McGloin looked even shakier than the defense from the game's outset. After starting the game with four straight handoffs, McGloin went 6-of-11 for 21 yards in the first quarter and a half, consistently overthrowing open receivers.
The worst incident came in the second quarter, when McGloin missed a wide open Amari Cooper down the field on what would've been a sure touchdown. McGloin overthrew Michael Crabtree by about five feet on the next play.
McGloin was knocked out of the game with a shoulder injury on the following drive, when Broncos defensive lineman Jared Crick slammed them into the turf. Crick was flagged for roughing the passer.
A 64-yard run by Justin Forsett led to a 22-yard Brandon McManus field goal to give the Broncos a 10-0 lead early in the second quarter. Booker scored their second touchdown of the game before the half, on a 43-yard scamper after the catch to give Denver a 17-0 lead heading into halftime.
Denver extended their lead on the first drive of the second half, when Trevor Simian hit Virgil Green on a two-yard TD pass to cap off a 64-yard drive.
Cook responded with a three-play scoring drive, opening with consecutive first-down passes to Latavius Murray and Clive Walford, before dropping a perfectly thrown ball to Cooper for a 32 yard touchdown, the first of Cook's career.
It looked as if the game had begun to shift when Simian threw what looked like a punt into the waiting arms of Oakland safety Brynden Trawick on the next possession. The Raiders failed to take advantage, however, going three and out, and then fumbling on their next possession.
Safety Nate Allen left the game in the first quarter with a concussion and did not return.
Independent News & Media's former chairperson, Leslie Buckley, has vowed to “robustly defend himself” after the media group launched a legal action against them months after they stepped down from their position.
The lawsuit, dated May 30th, is reported by the Irish Independent, which is published by INM, to be related to company claims that it suffered damage as a result of alleged actions by Mr Buckley, who stepped down in March.
INM in April wrote to 19 people whose data was allegedly breached to say that it was “unauthorised” and occurred “on the instruction of then-chairperson”, Leslie Buckley.
Mr Buckley is at the centre of a State probe into the alleged illegality at INM, and their relations, as chairperson, with long-time business associate, INM's largest individual shareholder Denis O'Brien.
INM is opposing an application by the Office of the Director of Corporate Enforcement (ODCE) for the appointment of High Court inspectors to investigate the matter.
The corporate watchdog has also alleged that an Isle of Man-based company called Blaydon Ltd, which is connected to Mr O'Brien, paid the bill for cybersecurity experts to secretly access INM files, including journalists' private communications.
“It would not be appropriate for me to speculate or to comment on any matter that may be the subject of legal proceedings,” Mr Buckley said in a statement provided to The Irish Times on Thursday in response to questions.
“I reiterate my already stated position that I will fully and robustly defend myself against each and every allegation.”
A spokesperson for INM wasn't immediately available for comment.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Column by Rachel Wood, contributing writer
I am only slightly ashamed to admit that I've seen “La La Land” in theaters three times. Call it overrated, but it really is a charming movie.
So maybe it didn't have the best singers and some of the plot elements have been met with criticism, but I have to say that I really enjoyed the movie, including its (somewhat odd) ending. As it turns out, a few of my friends had some different opinions. As we left the theater after their first viewing, they berated me for encouraging them to see a movie with such a “sad ending.”
I want to explain why the ending isn't as bad as some of you might think. In fact, I think it's what turns an average movie into a great one – a movie we can learn something from. That being said, beware of spoilers ahead.
It all depends, as usual, on a matter of perspective. So, the love story doesn't exactly turn out the way we expect it to, but does that make the ending unhappy?
First of all, if “La La Land” had ended exactly how we expected it to, would it even be as good of a movie? Stereotypical storylines don't exactly win awards and critical praise (yet Nicholas Sparks movies still capture a wide fanbase, for some unknown reason).
Second, when a movie sets out to show the uphill climb of following a dream, it kind of presupposes the dream will be the plot's driving force. That's exactly what happens; both characters achieve the dreams they've been chasing forever, just not with each other. Sometimes, that's how real life works. Maybe I'm just a jaded, overly-independent realist, but it's very possible that your life goals don't line up with those around you – and that's OK.
A lot of us, myself included, can spend hours imagining how things would've turned out if one thing in our lives had gone differently, especially when it seems like everything is going wrong. What if you'd gotten that scholarship? What if you'd picked a different major? What if you hadn't taken the class where you met your best friend?
The ending of “La La Land” does a great job of representing this. The pieced-together clips, reimagining key scenes from the movie, show us what could've happened if one of the main characters had made a different, seemingly critical decision.
I feel like T.S. Eliot captures the essence of this ending montage in one of their poems: “Footfalls echo in the memory, down the passage which we did not take, towards the door we never opened into the rose-garden.” It sounds melancholically lovely, imagining what could have been, but it presents a problem – how do you know there's a rose garden behind the door if you never opened it?
When things don't go as planned, it's easy to berate yourself about the one choice that may have changed everything. However, that's part of the problem, too; you never truly know things would've changed for the better.
Author John Green says it can be nostalgic, an escape mechanism, to imagine the future, but I also think creating an imaginary past does the same thing. It takes our mind out of the present for a moment, but it doesn't truly do us any good. I don't fancy myself a “carpe diem” poet, but it's important for us to remember that what could have been doesn't define our happiness – it's how we react to what really happened.
Would they have been happier together? Maybe. But I feel like goal-driven people like Mia and Seb can't help but be happy when they make their dreams into reality.
A motorist takes parking ticket from Mawaqif machine at a parking area on Muroor street in Abu Dhabi.
Dubai: Good news is in store for holders of parking permits in Abu Dhabi – some parking sectors have been merged, which means that you can now park in more areas of the capital.
The Integrated Transport Centre of the Department of Municipal Affairs and Transport in Abu Dhabi announced on Monday that a number of parking sectors now share the same permit.
The Integrated Transport Center Announces Merged Sector in #AbuDhabi pic.twitter.com/y3vdy29HyN — Abu Dhabi DMAT (@AbuDhabiDMAT) February 13, 2017
The move was made as part of Mawaqif's efforts to provide the community with innovative solutions to overcome parking issues and maintain safety on the roads.
Permits holders will now be able to park their vehicles in some other sectors.
The changes
Sectors E16-1 and E16-2 were merged. Sectors E18-1 E18-2 and E18-3 were merged into E18. Sector E19 was merged with W14-2, Sector W12 was merged with W10, and Sector E1 was merged with E2.
“The merges will allow holders of any permit for the asupervisorstioned sectors to use any of the available parking spaces within those merged blocks,” reads DMAT's website.
Sector W7-1 permit holders can use spaces in W7-2, but not the other way round. Permit holders of sector E9-2 are allowed to use parking spaces in E7 and E9-1 but not the other way round. Permit holders for sector E20-2 are allowed to use parking spaces in W15-2, but not the other way round.
"This step is part of Mawaqif's strategy to come up with sustainable solutions to parking space shortages by increasing their number," said Mohammed Hamad Al Muhairi, Director of Mawaqif.
"Adding more parking spaces will help the public to find parking spaces and prevent random parking that causes a hindrance to traffic," said Al Muhairi, who was quoted by the state news agency Wam.
"Merging the sectors aims to upgrade the transportation infrastructure by dedicating effective and integrated solutions to the public. This way, finding a parking space is easier," said Al Muhairi.
They also added the reminder that it remains illegal to park on yellow and grey markings, in the middle of the road, double-parking, parking in drop-off and pick-up points, on or near pedestrian crossings, access points and fire hydrants.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Christmas shopping season is in full swing.
Got your tree yet? We have all the info you need on where to get a Christmas tree near Birmingham and where to find the cheapest trees in supermarkets and discount stores .
And this is what kids say they really want for Christmas .
Also, it's time to get the Christmas food order in at Asda, Tesco or wherever you shop .
Black Friday gave us a great opportunity to get started on those Christmas wish lists but even though that's over, there's still chance to grab some discounts.
Amazon has leapt in with its newly-launched Last Minute Christmas Deals - running from Monday, December 11, through to Friday, December 22.
Starting today, Christmas offers will be available across Amazon.co.uk , including the Amazon Echo Dot.
Customers will be able to save £15 on Echo Dot, the top selling product on Amazon globally over Black Friday weekend. It's now available for £34.99.
Here's what's on offer now, we'll update this as more deals are revealed.
Amazon Echo Dot now just £34.99 (reduced from £49.99)
Echo Dot is a hands-free, voice controlled device, with similar far-field voice recognition to Amazon Echo.
Directly connect Echo Dot to speakers with a 3.5mm audio cable or via Bluetooth, and add voice-control to your home stereo system or existing speakers.
With its small built-in speaker, you can also place Echo Dot in the bedroom and use it as a smart alarm clock; in the kitchen to easily set timers or ask for measurement conversions; or in any room to control lights and smart home devices. Amazon Echo Dot has a compact design and comes in either black or white.
Get the Amazon Echo Dot here
Other deals include:
Fitbit wristband now £82.99 - up to 40 per cent off
Bomb Cosmetics gift packs - up to 40 per cent off
Philips Sonicare electric toothbrooth now £49.99 - 67 per cent off
Christmas jumpers - up to 50 per cent off
Sony Bravia 65" TV now £899 - 14 per cent off
Toshiba 55" TV now £389 - 22 per cent off
For those looking for additional inspiration, Amazon's Christmas Store with Gift Finder also makes it easier for customers to have a helping hand when it comes to picking presents this year.
The Gift Finder uses a simple search tool to generate gift suggestions based on the interests of the person you are buying for as well as the budget you are working towards.
Facts on Brazil who play in World Cup Group E:
Country: Brazil
Honours: World Cup winners 1958, 1962, 1970, 1994 and 2002; Eight-times winners of Copa America; Four-times winners of Confederations Cup; Olympic Gold 2016
FIFA ranking: 2nd.
Main clubs: Flamengo, Corinthians, Santos, São Paulo, Gremio, Cruzeiro, Internacional, Palmeiras, Vasco, Fluminense, Atletico Mineiro.
How they qualified: Finished top in South American qualifying, 10 points ahead of Uruguay.
Friendly matches scheduled before World Cup:
June 3 v Croatia (Liverpool, England)
June 10 v Austria (Vienna)
Twenty three-man World Cup squads:
Goalkeepers: Alisson (Roma/ITA), Ederson (Manchester City/ENG), Cassio (Corinthians)
Defenders: Danilo (Manchester City/ENG), Fagner (Corinthians), Marcelo (Real Madrid/ESP), Filipe Luis (Atletico Madrid/ESP), Miranda (Inter Milan/ITA), Marquinhos (Paris SG/FRA), Thiago Silva (Paris SG/FRA), Geromel (Gremio)
Midfielders: Casemiro (Real Madrid/ESP), Fernandinho (Manchester City/ENG), Paulinho (Barcelona/ESP), Renato Augusto (Beijing Guoan/CHN), Fred (Shakhtar Donetsk/UKR), Philippe Coutinho (Barcelona/ESP), Willian (Chelsea/ENG)
Forwards: Neymar (Paris SG/FRA), Gabriel Jesus (Manchester City/ENG), Roberto Firmino (Liverpool/ENG), Douglas Costa (Juventus/ITA), Taison (Shakhtar Donetsk/UKR)
WASHINGTON — The Federal Housing Finance Agency said Friday it will give commenters more time to weigh in on a potential update to the credit scoring requirements for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
The deadline was extended by a little over a month, from Feb. 20 to March 30, for stakeholders to respond to the agency's request for input on updating the credit scoring model.
Since 2003, the government-sponsored enterprises Fannie and Freddie have used the Classic FICO score, also known as FICO 5. The FHFA has sought industry feedback on whether an updated model should use the new Fair Isaac Corp. score — FICO 9 — or VantageScore 3.0, or both. VantageScore is a joint venture owned by the three credit bureaus, Equifax, Experian and TransUnion.
The Federal Housing Finance Agency said Friday it will give commenters more time to weigh in on a potential update to the credit scoring requirements for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Bloomberg News
Industry sources had indicated that the GSE regulator was likely to extend the comment period. Among the questions the FHFA asked in its Dec. 20 request for input was what scoring options it should adopt.
“FHFA will consider all information that is provided in response to the RFI, along with supporting analysis and outreach, before reaching any conclusion,” the agency said in its Dec. 20 request. “After FHFA has reached a decision, the Enterprises will work with stakeholders on an implementation plan that will take into account the potentially substantial effort needed to make necessary changes.”
MIAMI (WSVN) - If you're tired of “swiping left” on pictures of men or women you find unattractive on dating apps, then this new app developed by computer science students may be the one for you.
According to the New Jersey Institute of Technology, graduate students from the New Jersey Institute of Technology have created a new app called FaceDate that matches people based on facial features in lieu of text profiles.
FaceDate cuts to the chase by solely matching users based on facial features they find attractive in a potential partner, unlike other apps that pair users based on shared interests, hobbies, education, etc.
Users are able to “train” the mobile app by uploading photos of faces they find attractive. Then, the app will provide matches, using a face recognition algorithm.
The app was created by Ph.D. students Hillol Debnath, Nafize Paiker, Jianchen Shan and master's student Pradyumna Neog under the direction of Cristian Borcea, professor and chair of the computer science department.
“Appearance is generally the essential characteristic that connects people at the beginning of a relationship,” explained Borcea. “Many of the social matching and dating apps developed in the last decade use text-based profiles, which do not consider the face preferences of the users. But I'm able to tell FaceDate what kinds of faces I like, and the app will pair me with people who have similar-looking facial characteristics.”
According to its creators, the app will be available on Android devices soon, as it is in its prototype phase. They plan to roll out the first phase of FaceDate exclusively to NJIT students in the coming months, and hope to secure funding for further development and implementation on iOS devices.
For more information about FaceDate, visit news.njit.edu/about-face.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sherlock, Hyacinth Bucket and the Vicar of Dibley are among the world's most loved BBC television characters, a survey has revealed.
BBC Worldwide polled more than 7,000 18- to 64-year-olds from seven countries including Australia, France, the US and Japan in the public vote, with Sherlock coming out on top.
In second place was the Doctor, while Idris Elba's murder detective DCI John Luther came in third.
Benedict Cumberbatch also took the crown for most memorable scene as Sherlock for their apparent fall to death at the end of the show's second series.
It was named most iconic BBC moment with 26% of the vote, ahead of Monty Python's Dead Parrot sketch in second.
Colin Firth's Mr Darcy emerging topless from the lake in Pride And Prejudice also made the top 10 in fifth while David Brent's improvised dance at a comic relief party in The Office came in eighth.
Cumberbatch said: "I'm honoured to hear that my portrayal of Sherlock has been internationally recognised as viewers' favourite BBC TV character.
"Who would have thought a high-functioning sociopath could be so popular with people all over the world?"
(Photo: PA)
The contemporary retake of Conan Doyle's Sherlock, co-starring Martin Freeman as Dr Watson, has been sold by the BBC to 240 territories internationally.
The series, created by Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat, has received numerous accolades since its debut on the BBC in 2010.
Earlier this year the fourth series, rumoured to be its last, benefited from one of the biggest boosts in ratings ever caused by people recording a TV programme and watching it later.
The series' penultimate episode, broadcast on January 8, had an overnight audience of just six million in Britain.
But consolidated ratings published, which include those who recorded the show and saw it later, bumped the figure up to 9.5 million.
Paul Dempsey, BBC Worldwide president of global markets, said: "This survey demonstrates the love and affection audiences have for our shows around the world and those defining TV moments that get viewers talking, wherever they are."
BBC's top 10 most iconic characters:
1. Sherlock 29.7%
2. The Doctor 17.6%
3. Luther 12.4%
4. Basil Fawlty 11.8%
5. The Stig 8.2%
6. Patsy Stone 8.1%
7. Edmund Blackadder 7.4%
8. Hyacinth Bucket 6.1%
9. Vicar of Dibley 5.8%
10. The Daleks 5.6%
BBC's top 10 most iconic moments:
1. Sherlock falling to their "death" 26.0%
2. Monty Python dead parrot sketch 14.1%
3. The Doctor's regeneration in Doctor Who 13.1%
4. The ballroom scene with Prince Andrei and Natasha in War And Peace 12.6%
5. Mr Darcy emerging from the lake in Pride and Prejudice 12.5%
6. Basil Fawlty attacking their car in Fawlty Towers 11.5%
7. Sir David Attenborough and the gorillas in Life on Earth 10.2%
8. David Brent dancing in The Office 9.5%
9. When the murderer comes from out of the bed in Luther 6.53%
10. "Don't tell him, Pike" in Dad's Army 6.50%
French President Emmanuel Macron, right, and their wife Brigitte Macron, left, watch as President Donald Trump kisses first lady Melania Trump during a State Arrival Ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Andrew Harnik AP Photo
US president Donald Trump hit out at their attorney general, Jeff Sessions, on Wednesday, declaring that they wished they had never appointed him.
In a series of morning Twitter posts Mr Trump quoted Republican member of congress Trey Gowdy, who expressed sympathy for the president's frustration with the attorney general in a morning TV interview on CBS. Quoting Mr Gowdy, who said “there are lots of really good lawyers in the country; they could have picked someone else”, Mr Trump tweeted: “And I wish I did!”
Mr Trump's post was the latest in a series of complaints by the president about Mr Sessions, the former Alabama senator who was appointed by the president as the nation's top law official.
Mr Sessions's decision last year to recuse themselves from the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, following confirmation that they had failed to fully inform the Senate of their dealings with Russia's US ambassador, infuriated the president.
Mr Trump made no mention of Mr Sessions in later appearances during the day, but their early-morning Twitter post followed a story overnight in the New York Times that Mr Trump asked Mr Sessions to reconsider their recusal at a meeting in Mar-a-Lago in March last year. That meeting is now being investigated by the special counsel investigation led by Robert Mueller, the newspaper reported.
Mr Trump has since then described Mr Sessions as “beleaguered” and asked why the attorney general is not investigating Hillary Clinton.
Asked about Mr Trump's comments, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that the president had made their views known, adding: “I don't have any personnel announcements at this point.”
Russian inquiry
More than a year since a special counsel was appointed to investigate Russian interference in the election, the inquiry is continuing amid expectations that Mr Trump could be interviewed by the special counsel's team before September.
At a court hearing in New York on Wednesday, lawyers for Mr Trump's former lawyer Michael Cohen were told they must speed up their survey of documents seized by the FBI in April to determine which are covered by attorney-client privilege. The process is being overseen by a court-appointed special master. The judge gave the team until June 15th to finish the trawl, suggesting the process was moving too slowly.
Mr Trump also hit out at the “failing and corrupt” New York Times on Twitter on Wednesday, for estimating the crowd at a rally in Nashville held by the president at 1,000 people, arguing that it was “many times that number”.
“This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don't ‘get' me, and never did!” they said.
Mr Trump referenced the “fake news” media several times during their rally in Tennessee on Tuesday night, which was held to rally support for Republican candidate Marsha Blackburn.  They are running to replace senator Bob Corker, who is retiring this year. At three separate points during their hour-long speech they lambasted the media, pointing to the media section in the arena.
The Islamic State jihadist group on Monday claimed the shooting rampage inside a glamorous Istanbul nightclub on New Year's night that killed 39 people, as police hunted the attacker who remains on the run. With foreigners making up the majority of those killed in Sunday's attack, families were due to reclaim the bodies of more […]
The post IS claims nightclub carnage in Turkey appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Interfaith Food Ministries, which provides food for over three thousand needy families a year in Nevada County, now has a new Executive Director. Phil Alonso has taken over the position from Sue Van Son, who is retiring, although is staying on for another month or so during the transition. Alonso lives in Alta Sierra, and previously worked at the Child Abuse Prevention Center in Sacramento. They say they jumped at the chance to apply when they heard about this opportunity…
Listen to Phil Alonso
Van Son says they had several applicants for the position, but quickly narrowed it down to three based on experience. They say Alonso and the other finalists had to spend a day volunteering with Interfaith to see what it was like…
Listen to Sue Van Son
Interfaith is known for their holiday food drives, but is also open Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, and also has Saturday food distributions once a month.
–gf
If you thought Lil Wayne was Birdman ‘s one and only multimillion-dollar problem, you thought wrong.
Jas Prince, the man who discovered Drake, is coming after the Cash Money Records co-founder after they reneged on their initial deal to split future Drake profits. TMZ obtained new legal documents that say Jas is no longer suing Cash Money. They switched tactics and is now suing Birdman personally.
TMZ explains, “Jas discovered Drizzy, hooked them up with Aspire Music Group to manage him, and Cash Money to be their label. As a result, Drake's Young Money contract calls for Jas and Aspire to get paid. And that's the problem … according to the suit, Birdman's blowing off their contractual duty to pay Aspire Music one-third of their Drake profits. They also signed Drake to an exclusive deal in January 2013, but according to docs … that new contract breached Drake's original one, and cheated Aspire out of $4 million.”
The new lawsuit was filed under Aspire Music Group, which Jas “now owns a chunk of,” according to TMZ's unnamed sources. The site also reports Marc Kasowitz is one of Aspire's attorneys, which tells us he's extremely serious about winning their case (if you didn't know, Kasowitz also reps Donald Trump).
Last week Jas' dad, James Prince, vowed they would retrieve the money owed to their son and to Lil Wayne. It looks like they aren't playing. Read more here.
Starling Bank, a fintech start-up founded and led by former AIB chief operating officer Anne Boden, is reportedly in the process of raising £80 million (€91 million) from investors.
If confirmed, the latest financing would bring total fundraising for the digital banking challenger to about €140.5 million.
Starling, which like many of its fintech competitors has secured its banking passport to enable it to operate across Europe, is planning to launch services in Ireland this year.
The UK-based mobile-only challenger bank's key rivals include Revolut, N26 and Monzo, as well as more traditional financial institutions.
A number of media reports on Wednesday indicated that Starling is in the early stages of the funding round. as it looks to expand the business.
A banking veteran, Ms Boden was a senior member of AIB's management team between 2012 and 2013, before leaving to set up Starling in 2014.
Ms Boden told The Irish Times last year they left the Irish banking sector and established Starling because it was easier to set up a new bank in the UK than to “fix a broken system”.
Starling, which enables customers to open online current account in minutes, became a direct member of the single euro payments area (SEPA) in December.
That move allows Starling customers to make cross-border money transfers, and builds on the company's existing direct participation of the Target 2 payment system, providing the fintech with access to real-time settlement information and control features.
Starling's primary backer to-date has been hedge fund manager Harald McPike, the founder of Bahamas-based quantitative investment manager QuantRes.
CTV Vancouver
A hazmat team was called to the Coquitlam RCMP detachment Monday morning after someone entered the building carrying suspicious white powder.
Firefighters first attended the scene at around 9:30 a.m. after a person went into the detachment claiming they had been poisoned and pulled out a package of the unidentified substance.
The powder spread over one of the countertops. Crews have since cordoned off that area as a precaution.
Ten people were exposed to the substance, according to Greg Senior, assistant chief of operations with the Coquitlam fire department. None of them showed any symptoms of poisoning, but were closely examined by paramedics.
"We have to be careful, especially with all the fentanyl and carfentanil that's out there. We've turned off the HVAC and secured that area. We have to protect all the workers."
The powder is now being tested and an environmental agency is also helping with the cleanup so that workers at the detachment can safely return to work.
Dear Feelings Doctor: How do I tell my friend that I saw their husband with another woman? It doesn't seem like it was the first time — they were very touchy-feely!
— Torn in Ventura
Dear Torn: First of all, a woman usually knows long before anyone else thinks of telling them about it. And when you say friend, being the bearer of bad news is not an enviable position to be in. There are many different ways that couples make their relationships work for them, and having intimate knowledge of another person's marriage cannot tell you the whole truth.
No one really knows the inner workings and dynamics of your average married couple. So, if I were you, I would invite your friend to lunch and have some laughs, go home, hug your mate and count your blessings.
Dear Feelings Doctor: There is a woman in our social group “always” saying things that are hurtful and unkind to the others. No one is brave enough to say anything to them Never thinking about others' feelings, they are a mean person! Please give me some tips to handle this nastiness when it happens again. Thank you.
— Concerned in Carpinteria
Dear Concerned: As adults, sometimes we forget the simple rules from childhood: Always be kind, and if you don't have anything nice to say, be vague!
Seriously, if this woman is in your social group, and I am assuming that your social group is supposed to be doing fun things, stop inviting her! Next, have this conversation with them that you and I are having now. Begin with, ”This is a bit uncomfortable for me, but I need to share it with you all the same.” Grown-up bullies should be less tolerated than the 12-year-old ones, but in my opinion, neither one should be tolerated. Good luck. You can do it.
Dear Feelings Doctor: I am moving away in a few months, and I am sad and scared to face my friends who have been working with me for the past eight years. I am thinking about leaving without telling anyone. Is that the best thing to do? Please, some advice would be great.
— Lee in Los Angeles
Dear Lee: What a gift you have right in front of you, dear friend — the chance to say and experience a “healthy” goodbye. People do turn and run when things get uncomfortable, but I promise you this will be such a great moment that you can share with everyone involved, including yourself.
Celebrate the friendships that have developed over these past eight years, tell your colleagues what this part of your life has meant to you and celebrate your willingness to experience this profound blessing — real, true emotional gratitude!
Imagine this: Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
Got a question for The Feelings Doctor? Click here to submit a question anonymously.
— Psychotherapist Randi Rabin, M.A., MFTI, answers reader questions in their weekly Noozhawk column, The Feelings Doctor, and can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . They received their bachelor's degree in psychology from Antioch University Santa Barbara and completed their master's degree in psychology at Pacifica Graduate Institute under the guidance of renowned psychologist Stephen Aizenstat, Pacifica's chancellor and founding president. They have worked as a counselor with a number of local nonprofit organizations and schools. Click here for previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
/ Front page / News
Update: 5:23PM THE Fiji Roads authority has advised all heavy vehicle owners to comply with the vehicle axle load limits to prevent further deterioration of the road network caused by overloading.
A statement from the authority states that the authority spends uo to $30 million to $50 million on annual maintenance costs of roads damaged by overloading.
�This can also reduce planned renewal programme which can save the Government up to $120 million per annum in the annual future maintenance bill,� the statement said. �This money could be effectively used elsewhere in the programme.�
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On November 10 1994, Ron Atkinson was sacked by Aston Villa.
And, although over time the shock has finally subsided, it is fair to say that back then the news of their dismissal was a claret and blue bombshell.
It came after a 4-3 defeat at Wimbledon after a Dean Saunders double and Garry Parker goal failed to prevent Villa losing 4-3 to the Dons.
Leaving London empty-handed meant Big Ron's claret and blues had taken just one point from nine Premiership matches, leaving them in the bottom four relegation spots.
There was no clamour from the Villa Park faithful for 55-year-old Atkinson to be axed - they had lifted the Coca-Cola Cup by masterminding a Wembley final triumph over Manchester United, just seven months earlier.
But Doug Ellis lived up to their nickname ‘Deadly' choosing to summon Atkinson to a board meeting - and sack them in just four minutes.
Atkinson had six months of their contract to run and had been offered a new two-year extension a month previously, with Ellis hailing them as one of the three best managers in the country.
Here we look back at the coverage in the Evening Mail as Villa fans waved farewell to one of their most popular ever bosses.
We reflect on the reaction from Atkinson himself, Ellis, Villa players and supporters, as well as the views of our former sports editor and Villa expert Leon Hickman.
How the Evening Mail reported Big Ron's sacking
Evening Mail, Thursday November 10 1994, Big Ron Sacked
Aston Villa this evening sensationally sacked manager Ron Atkinson. The end came with a dramatic announcement from Villa Park as a result of an appalling slump in the Premiership table.
Villa have lost eight of their last nine matches, taking one point from a possible 27, and have also tumbled out of the UEFA Cup.
Chairman Doug Ellis acted after Villa lost 4-3 at Wimbledon last night, leaving the club rooted in the bottom four relegation zones.
Pressure has been mounting on 55-year-old Atkinson, who took over at Villa from Josef Venglos in the summer of 1991, for weeks.
Only this week they were linked with the vacant manager's job at Everton. But Atkinson, who was on a reported salary of £200,000 a year at Villa, said they have no intention of chasing any other job.
They described taking over at Villa three years ago as a “dream come true” after quitting Sheffield Wednesday in controversial circumstances.
Evening Mail sports editor Leon Hickman's comment: Doug Ellis has delivered many a shock and many a sacking in their 70 years but the dismissal of Ron Atkinson was a combination of both that exploded like a Molotov cocktail on the consciousness of Villa fans.
For all that there had been a groundswell of discontent at the gathering of one paltry point from nine Premiership games, Atkinson appeared to be a fixture at Villa Park for at least a few more matches. But Ellis lived up to their ‘Deadly Doug' image with a vengeance by refusing to exercise a little more patience. On one of the rare occasions in football the deed outpaced the speculation.”
Official club statement
“After a great deal of consideration, it has been unanimously agreed by the board of directors to terminate the contract of manager Ron Atkinson with immediate effect.
“This decision has not been taken lightly, but the reasons have become self evident. It is essential for the future of the club that the recent run of disastrous results is reversed as soon as possible.
“We would wish to place on record our appreciation of the many memorable matches under Ron Atkinson's management.
“We consider it very important to appoint a manager as soon as possible and will be taking positive steps towards that end immediately.
What Big Ron had to say
Speaking outside their home in Barnt Green on the evening of their sacking, Atkinson said: “I was asked to attend the board meeting and I was not there too long.
“Now I am looking for a job. I did not want to leave Aston Villa but it was deemed that I did.
“I was fired in four minutes flat.
“I had just been giving my players hell at the training ground. We had a full and frank discussion during an inquest into our latest beating. I laid into them. I really was angry. Then the call came.
“I went down to the board meeting and within four minutes I was out on my neck.
“When I walked into the room Doug Ellis just turned to me and said. “Some bad news for you Ron, we've terminated your contract. Thanks for all you've done and good night'.
“That was it, just short and sweet. I wasn't asked for any explanation. The decision had already been made.”
“Of course I understood the depth of our problem in taking just one Premiership point from 27. Something drastic had to be done. I just don't think my head had to roll to help Villa's revival.
“All my life I had an obsession, a private desire to manage Villa and take them to the top. They were my club. I just hope Doug realises that I gave them some glory when they are on their uppers again.”
“I am as disappointed as the fans seem to be about the current situation. All I hope is whoever gets the job after me does not have the kind of luck that has deserted the players in the last couple of months.
“It is their decision but all I know is that in the three years I have been at Aston Villa they have been in Europe twice and league runners-up.”
What Ron did next
The Evening Mail on Friday November 11, carried a front page photograph of Atkinson walking their dogs over Lickey Hills, just after their sacking, accompanied by the headline: ‘Morning after the Villa Park bombshell... ONE MAN AND Their DOGS'.
The caption on the photo by Jeremy Williams read: ‘Sacked Aston Villa manager Ron Atkinson walks their dogs Bella, Bow and Bamby on the Lickey Hills near their home in Barnt Green'.
What Doug said
In a statement to the Evening Mail, Ellis said: “I understand the loyalty of many of our supporters despite many more who applaud the decision as being logical.
“In our last 34 Premiership games we have won eight, drawn nine and lost 17. In the last nine league games we have won only one point out of 27.
“We know the players have had some bad luck but the law of averages prevails and the buck stops at the manager who had complete control of the playing staff, including those they bought or sold in the last three-and-a-half years.
“He was never refused money for whoever they seriously wished to purchase and during last summer I prompted them to buy but they declined saying they would stand by the existing staff who put us in the top six of the Premiership by the end of the season.
“Naturally I am very sad for Ron and I told them yesterday they would always be welcome at Villa or at my home. I know they tried their best but time was not on theirs side.
“We have 28 league matches left to be safe from relegation. We estimate we need 40 more points to reach a total of 50 which should be sufficient. The board had a difficult decision and we hope to name our new team manager soon.”
Who next for Villa
Speculation immediately began on who might succeed Atkinson with former Villa player and then Bolton manager Bruce Rioch installed as the early front runner.
Graeme Souness, David Pleat, Bryan Robson, Steve Coppell, Ossie Ardiles, Howard Kendall, Kevin Keegan and Bobby Robson were among the other names in the frame.
But of course Villa legend Brian Little left Leicester to take the job. We'll save the full Brian Little story for another day...
What the fans said
The Evening Mail's reporters spoke to Villa fans on the No.7 bus route in Aston and Witton. Many of whom were surprised by the decision and felt Atkinson's sacking had come too soon.
John Dowd, 18, from Aston: “There was no panic, who are we going to get as good as Ron now? Ron did three good things for the club; they won us the Coca-Cola Cup, got us second in the Premiership and took us into Europe, I think all the fans thought we'd get out of trouble eventually, but now it might take time to turn things round again with a new manager.”
Frederick Burton, 68, from Witton: “Ron was the only man to get us out of this situation. It was wrong to sack him. The worst run on record was under Joe Mercer in 1963 that got us relegated. This wasn't as bad as that.”
Thomas McBrien, 64, from Witton: “I can't understand Doug Ellis. A week ago they said Ron was one of the top three managers in the country - so where are they going to get another one of their calibre?”
Ian Waterhouse, 30, from Kingswinford: “I thought they'd give them longer to be honest. I was shocked to hear Atkinson had been sacked. It was a bit early for that, maybe they should have given them until Christmas and if results hadn't picked up by then perhaps I could have seen them being sacked.”
Stuart Hayes, 23, from Walsall: “It's the first bad run he's had. I don't think they gave them enough time to pull it round. The board were hasty to sack him, especially if it only took them four minutes.”
Richard Walker, 17, from Kings Norton said: “The Villa fans are angry with Ellis after this. It's confusing after all he'd said about Ron. Some of the supporters didn't like the chairperson before, but now a lot are annoyed with him.” (Interestingly, it was the same Richard Walker who would go on to play briefly for Villa with two goals in six appearances in the late 1990s).
Oliver Quaid 50, from Dudley: “Villa were very unlucky to go out of Europe to the Turks, they played some mighty football against Inter Milan in the previous round. I've always admired Atkinson. They just needed a bit more luck and shouldn't have been sacked. When Mike Walker and Ossie Ardiles were sacked their teams were playing really badly and Villa hadn't been.”
What the players said
Earl Barrett: “As far as we were concerned it was a case of carry on as normal. When we left it was just a case of ‘See you tomorrow'. I couldn't believe it when I heard the newsflash on the radio later in the afternoon. It was a complete shock. Everything seems to have piled up against us in the last few weeks. But we're so close to being a good team and turning things round. I'm sure we will get ourselves out of trouble.”
Ugo Ehiogu: “I'm shellshocked. It doesn't seem real. I have a lot to be grateful to Ron for, and I owe a lot to him. They gave me my chance in the top flight and helped me get into the England under-21 team.”
Kevin Richardson: “There was no hint or sign of anything coming. Every team have a bad run and there's no denying we have just had one, but I'm sure that soon, rather than later, we would have turned it round. Now this has happened, though, it's up to the chairperson to pick the man they feel is best for the job.”
Phil King: “Ron picked the team but once the players go over the white line there's nothing more they can do. We have to take some of the blame. I was at fault for Wimbledon's second goal on Wednesday and that defeat was the final nail in Ron's coffin. But I think Villa have been a bit premature. Whoever comes in it's only a matter of time before we start climbing the table. I just hope someone comes in who loves to play good football, The route one game would alienate the players.”
Shaun Teale (who had fallen out of favour with Atkinson): “I'm going to have a look at my own career. I never really wanted to leave but it became obvious pretty quickly this season that I wasn't going to get a game.
"I didn't feel I had done anything wrong and I was as fit as everyone else when the season started. But it seemed no matter what happened I wasn't going to get a game unless either Ugo Ehiogu or Paul McGrath were injured.
"As long as Ron Atkinson was there I don't feel I would have figured. But now I want to sit down with the new manager when they are appointed and see where I stand. If I get the opportunity to stay that's what I would like to do.”
Assistant manager Jim Barron (put in caretaker charge): We just have to get on with the job. The players are in for training today. No-one knows what the future holds, so it's a worrying time for everyone.
"We will just take the training from day to day and if nothing has happened by this time next week we will take the team to Tottenham for the next match.”
Listen to Steve Froggatt talk about their time at Villa and life under Big Ron as manager
Other ways to get our podcast
We're up to Episode 25 of the podcast and, as ever, welcome your support, so have a listen and let us know what you think.
To get involved, to give us your feedback and to suggest topics for us to natter about, email mat.kendrick@trinitymirror.com
On iTunes
1) Search for Alliv Notsa and find the Birmingham Mail's podcast or go straight to https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
2) Click subscribe under the Alliv Notsa podcast logo.
On Audioboom
1) Search for Alliv Notsa Birmingham Mail or go to https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
2) Click the follow button
Using the RSS feed
If you want to add Alliv Notsa to another podcast player, go to the Add RSS Feed area and then paste:
http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
/ Front page / News
THE Ministry of Health and Medical Services Fiji Albinism Project faces two major hurdles in its quest to raise awareness about the condition in the country.
Project officer Afolau Kaumaitotoya highlighted these issues at the International Albinism Awareness Day celebrations in Suva on Tuesday.
They said the project was established in 2015 and since then funding and collection of databases for people with albinism were two major issues faced by them.
"The funding at the moment is limited and provided by St Vincent Hospital from Australia, which caters for salary of the project officers and the assistance," they said.
"The funding to run the programs and community awareness, we don't have the funding for that. Secondly trying to collect data for people with albinism as to where these people stay and locate them.
"The database we have now, we know they live close around towns and cities. We haven't captured those in the interior and in the outer islands. "
Mrs Kaumaitotoya said because of a recent survey conducted in Tuvalu, it is believed that one in every 700 people in Fiji had albinism.
They said the project was a collaboration between different ministries, with the Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Education playing a bigger role.
"The project is a multi-sectorial project with other ministries of Education, Ministry of Women and Ministry of Health.
"The Ministry of Health provides skin and eye health clinics for the people. We provided free sunscreens and eyeglasses for people with albinism and the Education Ministry provides knowledge information on the issues," they said.
The golf course superintendent was out at 5.45am to make sure things were up to scratch and when they headed home around nine hours later everyone at Galway Bay Golf Resort had experienced the very best the course, designed by the late Christy O'Connor Junior, had to offer.
Damien Coleman is a former green-keeper for an Olympic game, and if they were able to prepare a course for some of the top professional golfers in the world in Rio, they knew they could provide the perfect platform here.
The 31-year-old Ennis native plays off five, they have been at Galway Bay since 2008 and formerly worked at Dromoland Castle and the K Club. But these weeks and have been some of the most testing of their career.
“We have been preparing properly for the last six to eight weeks. It's great to have tournament experience from Rio. You learn about the logistical side of it and that helps when it comes to organising staff and getting things done in a short space of time,” said Coleman.
The course provided a resplendent setting for the fifth leg of Allianz/Irish Times Officers' Challenge on the second Tuesday in August.
Usually the wind and rain dominates the narrative when it comes to 18 holes on this superb links course but for once a summer afternoon lived up to its billing, the weather never deteriorated, and all 15 teams were able to focus on bringing their A game
But in the end it was a team from Slieve Russell GC who did it best.
However as soon as the first groups arrived back into the clubhouse, shortly before 2pm, it was obvious that Galway Bay was proving very difficult to master for the western regional.
Galway Golf Club were first to conclude their scoring, and their team of John Whiriskey (president), Paddy Whelan (captain) and Olwyn Hanley (lady captain) knew they wouldn't be in the winners' enclosure.
“We had a great start but after that we decided it would be inappropriate to win, given that were local,” quipped Whelan.
But while the teams funnelled in and the day wore on, the general consensus was this pristine location had a very tough underbelly, and they wouldn't be the only ones to fall short of the 80-point mark set by the winners from Cavan.
More wind
“We are used to more wind out here but any day at Galway Bay is always tough,” said Galway Bay captain Sean Keenan (11).
Galway Bay's team also consisted of president John Costello (21) and lady captain Caitríona O'Regan (26). They scored 68 on the day and although Mr Keenan, acknowledged that they should have shot higher, the Roscommon native was thrilled with the success of their event.
“We did better on the back-nine than the front-nine – it took us a while to wake up this morning unfortunately,” said Mr Keenan. “The Par 3 13th was definitely one of the better holes for our team. We were all in there for par, two of us hit the green in one and the other ball was just slightly off.
“But it's a massive privilege, hosting any event at national level and the regional finals are always great to have at Galway Bay. It's an honour for the club, you get the captains and officers out from the other clubs and you get to see how good the place really is. We're hosting the Connacht finals at the end of the week too. It's a big week.”
The day was dominated by the Slieve Russell team of Brendan Nelligan (9), Finola Doyle (19) and George Donohoe (11). But their captain Mr Nelligan attributed the result to lady captain, Ms Doyle.
“It was a good day. Myself and John played last year and we scored 81 points in Portmarnock. We said coming up here that if we got something similar we wouldn't be too far off,” said Nelligan.
“In fairness Finola was absolutely brilliant here today.  They are a very good golfer and they were the main reason why we had that score that we had.”
Doyle, who is from Ballyjamesduff in Cavan, made one of the telling blows with a birdie on the Par 5 6th hole.
“It was a good day, if you had seen me playing golf on Sunday at the Captain's Prize then you wouldn't have let me play. But it went well,” said Ms Doyle.
“I was just driving the ball superbly and the guys were saying ‘Finola you play the club you played on the Par 3' and it got me there.
“I played a very good hole. I'd a good drive, I played a good second, I followed that with a good chip on and the rest is history.”
Galway Bay was last in the schedule and after the drama of Portmarnock, Cork, Malone, and Mount Juliet, the five regional winners and three runners-up from each, join the respective hosts in the finals at the K Club on August 28th.
Allianz / Irish Times Officers' Challenge at Galway Bay Golf Club: Brendan Nelligan, Finola Doyle, George Donohoe (Slieve Russell) 80 points; Michael McMahon, Margaret McMahon, Gerry Broderick (Gort) 74 points; Joe Craddock, Mary Colleran, John Staunton (Ballinrobe) 74 points; John Gleeson, Jill O'Connor, Enda Bourke (Thurles) 71 points.
Union says three-year agreement includes raises and protects benefits for workers of Albertsons, Ralphs, Vons and other stores
Southern California grocery workers have ratified a tentative agreement with the Ralphs, Vons and Albertsons chains, ending eight months of negotiations and the possibility of a strike.
The United Food and Commercial Workers Union's new three-year contract “increases wages, protects health care and benefits” for the 62,000 employees, the union said in a statement.
Another 28,000 workers at Stater Brothers, Food 4 Less, Gelson's Market and other markets are covered as well, according to the UFCW.
The group's membership voted to authorize a strike in August after rejecting a health-care offer from the three supermarket chains, and negotiators began involved a federal mediator afterward.
Santa Barbara County store workers are members of Local 770, one of seven UFCW branches covered under the contract.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
In 1874, if you wanted to buy groceries on store credit, the cashier would reach under the counter and pull out a little blue book. Inside would be your name, profession and whether you paid your debts on time. It was the beginning of the Equifax business model. And it was never about the regular citizens. It was about the businesses that wanted to lend to them. Regular people are the product. Banks and businesses are the customers.
And in many ways, that makes sense. Businesses do work better if they know something about their patrons. It's safer to lend money, which means it's cheaper and easier to get for "creditworthy" customers. Sort of a win-win but for one uncomfortable thing: Today, credit bureaus like Equifax have grown into massive corporations that slurp up virtually every piece of our financial lives. We never signed up for Equifax, or either of the other two companies that monitor just about every non-cash transaction. We never opted in. And it's hard to opt out.
On today's show: Why credit bureaus know so much about us, and why lawmakers have been struggling to regulate them for the past fifty years.
Music: "Say It Out Loud" "Acrobatic" and "Assault On Fort Apache." Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts or PocketCast.
The number of people passing through Irish airports rose 10.3 per cent last year to 32.9 million, new figures from the Central Statistics Office show.
Of the 3.1 million additional passengers travelling in or through Ireland, some 2.8 million, passed through Dublin airport. Overall, 84.6 per cent of all air passengers travelled through the country's biggest gateway in 2016.
According to the latest data, passenger numbers rose at all Irish airports except Waterford.
More than 247,000 flights were handled by Ireland's five main airports last year, of which 204,563 were via Dublin. Cork handled 19,908 flights, equivalent to 8 per cent of the total.
The most popular Dublin routes were to London-Heathrow, London-Gatwick and Manchester. The top three routes out of Cork were to London-Heathrow, London-Stansted and Amsterdam.
In Shannon, the main routes were London-Heathrow, London-Stansted and JFK in New York.
Last year, almost nine out of every ten passengers on international flights in the five main airports were travelling to or from Europe. The two most popular countries of origin/destination were Britain and Spain.
Ireland's main airports handled a total of 146,829 tonnes of freight in 2016, almost all of which was for export.
Dublin Airport's operator, State-owned DAA, recently announced that a record 2.2 million people used the gateway in March, 2 per cent more than during the same month in 2016.
Radio One DC welcomes new Midday host Dominique Da Diva to the 93.9 WKYS-FM on-air line up, effective today, August 14, 2017. Dominique Da Diva, a small powerhouse of multi-faceted talent and a natural born star began their radio career in their hometown of Richmond, Virginia as an intern with WBTJ-106.5 The BEAT. A proud alumnus of Virginia State University and lovely lady of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Dominique was offered the on air weekend slot upon graduating with a Bachelor's in Communications in 2010. It wasn't long before the aspiring media mogul was running the #1 Midday show on WOWI-103 JAMZ in Norfolk, VA. In 2016, Dominique took their talents to Los Angeles to host Diva Unfiltered on Dash Radio and explore the digital tech world with the launch of their very own App, Da Daily Dirt.
The media diva is a humble recipient of MSBC's 2016 Rising Radio Star Award as well as an honoree of Diddy's DeLeon 100 Trailblazer Award 2017, and featured in Billboard Magazine. The list of trailblazers from all across the country are prime examples of millennials who are disrupting the status quo; empowering others to act boldly, shape the future and give back to their community.
“Many thanks to Jeff Wilson, Jay Stevens, Kashon Powell and J1 for this opportunity! It has been a dream of mine to do radio in a Top 10 market. Diva's in the District to stay baby! Let's get it,” says Dominique.
“Dominique is a superstar hands down but what makes them so great, on top of their talent is their energy, positivity and strong work ethic. I am excited and pleased to have them on the KYS team,” says J1, Program Director, WKYS-FM.
You can catch Dominique Da Diva in action live from The Nation's Capital on 93.9 WKYS-FM, Monday – Saturday from 10:00am-3:00pm!
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Parts of Old Town Goleta soon may see a new approach to dealing with traffic congestion, according to a proposal put forward by city engineers. Four roundabouts are included in the plan that aims to improve connectivity to, from and within southern Old Town as well as to the Santa Barbara Airport.
Reducing congestion along Hollister Avenue is also a goal of the project, known as the Ekwill Street and Fowler Road Extensions Project.
Traffic in the area has become a growing issue through the years, but few improvements have taken place in the project's target section.
“Virtually no public improvements have been made to the southern portion of Old Town in more than 50 years,” according to the project's draft environmental impact report.
Click here to view the DEIR online. The public is invited to submit comments on the plan until Oct. 17.
The improvements are bordered by Hollister Avenue to the north, Highway 217 to the east, Fairview Avenue to the west and Goleta Slough to the south and southwest. Planners are striving to extend Ekwill Street and Fowler Road, which will provide east-west routes between Fairview Avenue and Kellogg Avenue.
Four roundabouts are included in the project, with one slated for the Fowler Road and Fairview Avenue intersection and one for the Ekwill Street and Pine Avenue intersection. Two other roundabouts would be installed at the Highway 217 northbound and southbound on- and off-ramps.
Rosemarie Gaglione, the capital improvement program manager for the City of Goleta, said the project will help reduce congestion in the area and provide additional routes to get to Fairview Avenue from Kellogg.
“It will take some of the peak hour trips off of Hollister,” they said.
A free right-turn lane on southern Kellogg Avenue near Hollister also will be added, as well as modified parking.
Construction is expected to begin in 2013 and would last two to three years, and construction would begin simultaneously on all of the components of the plan.
The price tag for the improvements comes in at $19.8 million, $15.9 of which would come from transportation improvement funds — state money pledged before the financial crisis began. The remainder of the project's costs will come from the City of Goleta's Transportation Improvement Plan fund.
The two-lane roundabouts that will serve as off-ramps for Highway 217 can handle the volume equivalent to six lanes of traffic, and Gaglione said landscaping in the center of the roundabouts also will be a plus.
The Ekwill-Fowler project has been around since before Goleta became a city a decade ago.
“Some people in Old Town may feel forgotten,” they said. “The thing is, we're working so furiously behind the scenes on Ekwill-Fowler and San Jose Creek.”
San Jose Creek improvements and improvements to Hollister have had to go forward first to prevent flooding before the Ekwill-Fowler construction could begin.
The city will hold workshops to familiarize the public with the roundabouts.
“A lot of people don't like roundabouts because the associate them with the old rotary designs back east,” Gaglione said, adding that when roundabouts are large enough and designed properly, they're very effective.
Another roundabout is slated for the Los Carneros and Calle Real intersection. There, an increasing number of side-impact collisions prompted the city to make the intersection a three-way stop, and it's planning to install a roundabout at that location as an even safer alternative.
“When there are collisions (in a roundabout), they're glancing blows,” Gaglione said. “When someone runs a red light, those are very often serious or fatal.”
The group, Cars Are Basic, took a different viewpoint, however. In a statement sent to Noozhawk this week, the group says that more traffic on Hollister is inevitable as a result of planned development in Goleta and that roundabouts in the area will add to congestion.
“It is interesting the City of Goleta staff doesn't seem to want to learn from the experiences in the City of Santa Barbara,” the statement said, adding that Santa Barbara's roundabouts have increased accidents and don't eliminate congestion at peak traffic hours.
Goleta hopes to begin construction on the Calle Real roundabout in spring 2012, and Ekwill-Fowler construction will begin in 2013.
The plan has not been completed on the Calle Real roundabout, but workshops are planned for that effort as well. That project is a single-lane roundabout and doesn't require an environmental impact report.
Santa Barbara Traffic Planner Rob Dayton said the city has received great feedback about the Milpas Street and Coast Village Road roundabouts.
“People love it,” they said. “I think people are surprised at how effective the roundabouts are.”
Farther down on Coast Village Road, discussions are ongoing about how to best tame traffic at the Olive Mill and Coast Village Road intersection. Dayton said a roundabout at that location is under discussion. They said that since that intersection has six points of entry, gated by stop signs, a roundabout there could help with traffic flow.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Manama: Kuwait's Deputy Foreign Minister said that nothing out of the ordinary was happening on the Kuwaiti-Iraqi borders,
“The situation is normal and stable on the borders with Iraq and will remain so thanks to the vigilance of the Kuwaiti people and the keenness of the Iraqi side on respecting the sovereignty of the State of Kuwait,” Khalid Al Jarallah told the media on Sunday evening.
“Kuwait's Speaker Marzouq Al Ghanim has discussed the issue with Iraqi Parliament Speaker Salim Al Jabouri who stated that nobody could drive a wedge between the Kuwaiti and Iraqi peoples. Such a statement indicates Iraq's commitment to respecting Kuwait's sovereignty,” Al Jarallah said, quoted by Kuwait News Agency (Kuna).
Al Ghanim and Al Jabouri met on Friday in Cairo where they were attending the conference of Arab parliaments.
Al Ghanim reported that Al Jabouri stressed during their meeting the commitment of Iraq to all international agreements endorsed by the country's lawmakers.
The Kuwaiti Speaker said that the statement was highly significant in curbing attempts to sow sedition between the two neighbours.
Iraqi troops under President Saddam Hussain in August 1990 invaded Kuwait, but were ejected in February 1991.
The demarcation of the borders between the two countries was undertaken under the auspices of the United Nations which later adopted Resolution 833.
Kuwait and Iraq also signed a bilateral agreement in 2012 for the formation of a joint commission to organise navigation, guarantee the safety of Khor Abdullah, a waterway, protect the environment, maintain the inlet and handle fishing boats. The agreement was deposited at the United Nations.
However, tensions have recently flared on the Iraqi side following calls by some lawmakers to reject UN Resolution 833 and the bilateral agreement.
The MPs claimed Khor Abdullah was not included in legal or geographic terms in Resolution 833 and should belong to Iraq.
Others alleged that the government would be compromising Iraqi sovereignty by going ahead with the Khor Abdullah agreement.
Iraqi Prime Minister Dr Haider Al Abadi, in a statement on January 31, termed as “unjustified” the raising by some parties of the issues of Khor Abdullah and border demarcation with Kuwait, even though the frontiers were demarcated per UN Resolution 833.
They insisted that their country would not be dragged to malicious schemes of some entities which try to spread rumours and fabricated news to mar Iraqi-Kuwaiti relations.
Al Jarallah on Sunday pointed out that the message received by the Emir Shaikh Sabah Al Ahmad Al Jaber Al Sabah from the US President Donald Trump included a renewed US commitment towards Kuwait's security and stability as well as the UN resolution related to Kuwait and Iraq.
Al Jarallah added that they had recently met UK Minister for the Middle East Tobias Ellwood who has made a similar stance.
Ellwood expressed the UK commitment to the security and stability of Kuwait and the UN resolutions related to the situation between Kuwait and Iraq, Al Jarallah said,
Earlier on Sunday, Undersecretary of the Kuwaiti Ministry of Interior General Suleiman Al Fahad said there was not any abnormal gathering on the Kuwaiti-Iraqi border and trade movement was going on normally.
“The security situation on the border is good and all concerned sectors are doing their duties efficiently,” they told reporters.
“Events unfolding in some neighbouring countries are just domestic political conflicts with which Kuwait has nothing to do whatsoever.”
UN Resolution 833 stipulates that “through the demarcation process the Commission was not reallocating territory between Kuwait and Iraq, but it was simply carrying out the technical task necessary to demarcate for the first time the precise coordinates of the boundary set out in the ‘Agreed Minutes between the State of Kuwait and the Republic of Iraq regarding the Restoration of Friendly Relations, Recognition and Related Matters' signed by them on 4 October 1963.”
The resolution said that the “task was carried out in the special circumstances following Iraq's invasion of Kuwait and pursuant to resolution 687 (1991) and the Secretary-General's report for implementing paragraph three of that resolution.”
In addition to a full week of masterclasses, there are two concerts early this week at the Music Academy of the West that show what the faculty and guest artists can do, not that anyone had any doubts.
The Music Academy's Mosher Guest Artist program has yielded spectacular results over the last few years. The first recital by one of this year's participants will be at 8 p.m. Monday in Hahn Hall. Russian baritone Vladimir Chernov will sing songs and arias by Peter Tchaikovsky, Gaetano Donizetti, Modest Mussorgsky, Sergei Rachmaninoff, Mikhail Glinka and others — all with the priceless collaboration of Warren Jones on piano.
Admission to this event is $50.
The next night will feature the first in the spectacular series of faculty chamber music concerts known as “Tuesdays at Eight.” This concert will open with a bravura stunt: four pianists — Jones, John Churchwell, Jonathan Kelly and Carrie-Ann Matheson — on two pianos performing “The Ride of the Valkyries” from Richard Wagner's Die Walküre. ‘Nuff said.
The Wagner piece will be followed by the Incantation, Threne et Danse pour Trompette et Orchestre of French composer Alfred Desenclos (1912-71), with Paul Merkelo on trumpet and pianist Margaret McDonald sitting in for the orchestra; the Sonata in B-Minor for Violin and Piano (1917) of Ottorino Respighi by Kathleen Winkler on violin and Jones on piano; and César Franck's Quintet in F-Minor for Piano and Strings (1878-1879), played by Jorja Fleezanus and Peter Salaff on violins, a to-be-announced fellow on viola, Alan Stepansky on cello and Jerome Lowenthal.
I've only heard the Desenclos once or twice, and look forward to hearing it again. They styled themselves a “romantic of a certain kind,” and most people listening to them will agree. Their music has just enough edge to stay relevant, but not so much as to suggest arrogance. They wrote a good deal, chamber and concerted, for brass instruments, and their Requiem has been compared favorably to Gabriel Fauré‘s, and that is no small accomplishment.
The most considerable work of the evening, at least in terms of duration, is the Franck Quintet, but I find it — always excepting the slow movement — enigmatic to a degree. The thoughts of the Francophilic Maestro Lowenthal will be most welcome and, no doubt, most illuminating.
The Respighi is a masterpiece, too often overlooked. The Italians invented the violin, after all — indeed, it could very easily be maintained that they invented what we think of as “classical music” — and they have internalized the technical parameters of string instruments to such an extent that even their mediocre ideas are stated with unimprovable elegance. That is not to say that Respighi's ideas are mediocre; to the contrary, they are, in this sonata, remarkably original, considering their penchant for collecting and reprocessing music from the early 19th century (La Boutique fantasque) and the “Renaissance” period (Ancient Airs and Dances).
The Sonata was composed in 1917, while Respighi was in the middle of transforming obscure Rossini tunes into La Boutique. It was also the year they published the First Suite of the Ancient Dances. But the sonata is nothing like either of those works. Nor is it like their three very popular Roman orchestral poems. The small scale, the intimacy, allow a certain amount of irony, though never of the obvious, heavy-handed type of Charles Ives or Dmitri Shostakovich. Though the idiom is conservative, with Johannes Brahms as the reference, the music of the sonata does not date.
Tickets to Tuesdays at Eight are $40. Reserved seats to Music Academy events charging admission can be purchased by phone at 805.969.8787 or online by clicking here.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . The opinions expressed are their own.
Ilan Funke-Bilu, a San Luis Obispo attorney for nearly 40 years, announced Friday they are running for the San Luis Obispo Superior Court seat currently held by Hon. Judge Barry LaBarbera, who is retiring next year. Joe Johnston jjohnston@thetribunenews.com
MAMMOTH HOT SPRINGS, WY – A 21-year-old man, Gervais Dylan Gatete from Raleigh, North Carolina, sustained severe burns after falling into a hot spring late on Tuesday, June 13.
The incident occurred in the Lower Geyser Basin off of Fountain Flat Drive just north of the Old Faithful area.
Mr. Gatete, currently an employee with Xanterra Parks and Resorts, was with seven other people when they fell.
After the incident, the group attempted to evacuate Mr. Gatete by car. Just before midnight, they flagged down a ranger near Seven Mile Bridge on the West Entrance Road. Park staff provided immediate medical assistance and transported the patient via ambulance to the airport in West Yellowstone.
From there, they were flown to a hospital. Since rangers were not at the scene of the incident last night, it is not yet clear exactly where and how it occurred. Investigations continue today and additional information will be provided when it is available.
“Yellowstone's thermal features are dangerous,” said Superintendent Dan Wenk. “We continually stress that people must stay on trails and boardwalks in geyser basins, not only to protect resources, but for their own safety.”
The ground in hydro thermal areas is fragile and thin, and there is scalding water just below the surface.
This is the first serious injury in a thermal area this year.
Last June, a man left the boardwalk and died after slipping into a hot spring in Norris Geyser Basin. In August 2000, one person died and two people received severe burns from falling into a hot spring in the Lower Geyser Basin.
Learn about safety in thermal areas at go.nps.gov/yellsafety.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Becketwell is hardly synonymous with London's Soho district or Deansgate in Manchester – but go through the doors of a few places and the experience can be Narnia-esque.
A number of restaurants are now dotted around the unloved precinct and some offer an experience that can seem a world away from Derby.
Turtle Bay, which opened in 2015, offers food fans a taste of the Caribbean. Opposite is Bar Soba - a street food bar inspired by the night markets of South East Asia.
Thai Boran, in Green Lane, has just undergone a £30,000 revamp to make visitors feel they are in Bangkok.
And the Post House, opposite the former Debenhams building in Victoria Street, has a strong London vibe.
The latter was launched last May by Jade Devall and their partner Antony Dietz. Neither are from Derby – but their aim was to replicate a concept that has worked well in other places.
“We've travelled a lot,” says Jade. “We've seen a lot of places in cities like London and Copenhagen and we wanted to bring that edgy feel to food and drink to Derby.”
It's worked. The venue, which comprises eight independent food and drink units, has received rave reviews on TripAdvisor, with some customers comparing it to something you'd find in a major city.
“People say it's like being in London or Manchester,” says Antony. “It's a space that's unique in Derby.”
Jade and Antony ploughed over £125,000 into creating what has been described as a “gusto-hub” in the Victoria Street building, previously home to the Post Office - after it had moved a few doors down from what is now, by coincidence, the asupervisorstioned Bar Soba.
“There was nothing here when we took over the building,” recalls Jade. “It was a complete shell. There were no electrics or plumbing. We carried out a 10-week refurbishment programme, which was quite ambitious. No-one thought we'd be able to complete the refurbishment in 10 weeks but somehow we did.”
Antony adds: “It's a grade-two-listed building but, because it was a shell, it was quite easy to transform. We've gone for a rustic, industrial look and the feedback from customers has been really good.”
All the units are on the ground floor and are sub-let by independent traders. An upstairs function room, which seats up to 30 people, is also available for bookings.
Despite the model being untested in Derby, Jade says it was fairly easy to find food and drink businesses to move in.
“We had a big presentation day at the Cathedral Quarter Hotel about the concept of our business.," they say. "We also did a lot on social media and traders contacted us through that. And we targeted some businesses. It was a mix of all three.”
With Becketwell earmarked for a major regeneration scheme, the focus of which Derby City Council proposes should be a permanent ice rink on the site of the former Duckworth Square shopping centre, Jade believes the Post House will continue to attract interest from food and drink businesses.
“The footfall here is only going to get better,” they say. “If the ice-rink happens, that will attract families and that's really good for us. We have some really good choices for children in here, as well as parents.
“There's been talk of the Debenhams building being knocked down and a walkway through to the ice-rink being created. That would be good for us, too, as it would really open the area up.
(Image: Shannyn Quinn)
“I don't think we'll ever struggle to find businesses to occupy the eight units. Some are here on a short-term basis and then we get someone else in.”
A case in point is The Palfrey, which opened a unit in The Post House after its restaurant in Blacksmith's Yard was hit by a devastating fire.
“The Palfrey replaced Fresh Roots,” says Jade. “The best place to go for an up-to-date list of businesses here is our website.”
Both Jade and Antony have stepped outside their respective comfort zones to launch The Post House.
Jade, who is initially from Stafford, owns Design@44 gift shop in Sadler Gate and Antony, from Birmingham, is a personal trainer who used to work at David Lloyd in Pride Park.
Jade says: “We both wanted to give the leisure industry a go. It's been a lot of hard work but we're really enjoying it.
“I can see us being here for many years to come.”
Abandoned by their father, best-selling author Lysa TerKeurst shares how they overcame rejection.
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 33-year-old man who committed two rapes in Burton and then fled to Iraq has been jailed for more than four years.
Jabar Ababakr, of no fixed address, carried out the two attacks on June 1, 2014, and then skipped the country.
In July 2017, while they were on the run, there was a large-scale appeal made by Staffordshire Police on BBC's Crimewatch show.
After returning to the UK earlier this year, they handed themselves in at a police station in Sutton Coldfield, in February, telling officers had been in Iraq visiting their dying mother.
Ababakr was immediately arrested and pleaded guilty to the offences when they appeared in court on March 16.
Ababakr has now been jailed for a total of 56 months for the two counts of rape, which took place in Burton on June 1, 2014. They were sentenced at Stafford Crown Court on April 13.
Detective Constable Clare Davenport, of Staffordshire Police, said after the case: "Thanks to the courage and determination of the victim in coming forward Ababakr is now behind bars.
"We will always do whatever it takes to bring offenders to justice, while ensuring victims and their families are offered the support they need."
Anyone who has suffered sexual abuse, or suspects others may be subject to sexual abuse, is urged to contact Derbyshire police on 101.
Alternatively, the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
We've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Larger-than-life wrestling superstars are set to return to the city for WWE Live, scheduled to take place at Arena Birmingham on November 5.
The popular show visits Brum a couple of times each year, giving fans a chance to see their grappling heroes live and in action.
The WWE is packed with local talent, with the city's Pete Dunne, Wolverhampton's Trent Seven and inaugural UK Champion Tyler Bate from Netherton three of the company's brightest stars.
Meanwhile, Drake Maverick - formerly known as Brum wrestler Rockstar Spud - leads the way on the company's 205 Live show as general manager and Dan Moloney has featured on their live UK shows too.
Who is WWE's Drake Maverick? 205 Live General Managers revealed as Birmingham wrestler Rockstar Spud
While the full card for the November show is yet to be released, fans are hoping to see some of their home town heroes on the line-up.
The second United Kingdom Championship Tournament takes place at London's Royal Albert Hall from June 18 and 19, starring Black Country fighter Dave Mastiff and the Wolverhampton-based 'Kiwi Buzzsaw' Travis Banks.
It's unknown whether they'll make the live tour when it rolls into Birmingham on November 5, but we're holding out hope for our local fighters.
Tickets to WWE Live at Arena Birmingham go on sale at 9am on Friday, June 1. To get yours, click here .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has brushed aside calls from rebel Tory MPs to stand aside, insisting that they would carry on providing "calm leadership" at the head of the Government.
In their first public appearance since their chaotic party conference speech in Manchester on Wednesday, the Prime Minister said they had the "full support" of their Cabinet.
Earlier, loyalist MPs claimed a backbench plot to oust them from Number 10 was set to "fizzle out" after former party chairperson Grant Shapps was identified as the ringleader.
Charles Walker, vice chairperson of the powerful Conservative backbench 1922 Committee, said the attempt to force a leadership contest lacked credibility and was doomed to fail.
Mr Shapps, who has claimed to have the backing of around 30 MPs - with some Cabinet members also privately offering support - said the demands for an election were growing.
But arriving for a charity coffee morning in their Maidenhead constituency, the Prime Minister was determined to present an image of business as normal.
"Now what the country needs is calm leadership, and that's what I am providing with the full support of my Cabinet," they said.
"Next week I am going to be updating MPs on my Florence speech, which has given real momentum to the Brexit talks, and I will also be introducing a draft Bill to cap energy prices, which will stop ordinary working families from being ripped off."
After Mr Shapps was named by the Times as the leader of a group of around 30 Tory MPs planning to send a delegation to Mrs May to tell them they must go, they accused the party whips of leaking their name in an attempt to "smoke out" the rebels.
The plan, they said, had been for a group - including five ex-Cabinet ministers - to approach Mrs May in private with a list of names to avoid the "embarrassment" of a formal leadership challenge.
But those loyal to the Prime Minister said it was clear that the rebels lacked the 48 MPs they needed to force a contest under the party rules, and questioned whether they could even muster as many as 30.
Mr Shapps insisted support for a leadership election was growing among a "broad spread" of MPs from across the party.
"They are Remainers, they are Brexiteers," they told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
"A growing number of my colleagues, we realise that the solution isn't to bury our heads in the sand and just hope things will get better.
"It never worked out for Brown or Major and I don't think it is going to work out here either."
They were angrily denounced by MPs loyal to the Prime Minister, with Mr Walker dismissing their supporters as a "coalition of the disappointed" who had been overlooked for promotion.
"Number 10 must be delighted to learn that it is Grant Shapps leading this alleged coup," they told the BBC.
(Image: Christopher Furlong/PA Wire)
"Grant has many talents but the one thing they don't have is a following in the party. I really think this is now just going to fizzle out.
"What you are seeing here is probably the coalition of disappointed people who think their brilliant political talents have not been fully recognised."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Senior ministers continued to rally round Mrs May, with Environment Secretary Michael Gove - who ran against them in last year's leadership contest - saying the "entirety" of the Cabinet, wanted them to carry on.
"She showed an amazing degree of resilience and courage this week, of a piece with the fantastic leadership they have shown through the time that they have been Prime Minister," they said.
http://thearticleng.blogspot.com/2017/01/basketmouth-shares-photo-of-his-other.html
Ace comedian has two children with their wife Elsie, jason and janelle, they also had a daughter named Amy with their ex. They took to IG on jan 1st, to show their first photo of Amy (pictured right) on social media.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BOt_4zfBOyP/?hl=en
Actresses booked for prostitution in the past which has been big shame for the glamour world
We all look upon actores for their lavish lifestyle, designer clothes, sexy figures and what not. But being an actor is not that easy. During their struggle period, they have to make dirty compromises to grab a big role in movies and even when they make a name for themselves in the industry, they have to go through many challenges.
Here, take a look at the actores who were caught in prostitution scandals.
Saira Banu
Film actor Saira Banu was caught with 7 other women in the political raid in Hyderabad in 2010. They were all charged with prostitution and they all caught red-handed with some customers in an apartment.
Aish Ansari
Tamil actor Aish Ansari is among this Indian actor caught in prostitution.
Kinnera
They to got involved in a sex racket and was caught playing a sex broker.
Sherlyn Chopra
The super hot actor created waves when they disclosed a couple of years ago about their involvement.She admitted their involvement in sex racket for the sake of money. However, just in case someone doubts their intentions, see clear the air that it was only out of compulsion that they got themselves into it.
Bhubaneswari
This B grade South Indian actor has been caught in more than one occasion for running a brothel Husband caught on prostitution racket but they had to be given a clean chit due to their High political connections.
Shweta Basu Prasad
The child actor of the movie Makdee, who has performed the best role. This child actor took the route of prostitution in order to survive in the industry.It was a shock to read about Shweta Basu being caught in a sex racket. When We had high hope for them post their national award performance in Makdee in 2002.
Meath continued their winning start to the Leinster Minor Football Championship with an emphatic 4-14 to 0-12 victory over Louth at the Gaelic Grounds, Drogheda on Wednesday night.
Following previous successes against Westmeath and Dublin, the Royals were riding high at the summit of the Group One table. Although they initially encountered a stubborn resistance from their neighbours at the Gaelic Grounds, goals from Cian McBride, Luke Kelly, Luke Mitchell and Matthew Costello helped them to preserve their 100 per cent record in this year's competition.
Elsewhere, reigning champions Dublin moved into second place by securing a hard-earned 2-11 to 0-10 triumph over Offaly at O'Connor Park in Tullamore.
Despite having just two points to spare at the break (0-6 to 0-4), the Sky Blues produced a dominant second-half display to eventually prevail.
Westmeath remained rooted to the foot of the table as a result of their comprehensive 2-4 to 2-20 reversal against Wicklow in Aughrim.
The impressive Ben McGauran kept the Lake County in contention with a two-goal salvo, before Kevin Quinn and Gavin Fogarty combined to give the hosts a commanding platform on the resumption.
While they had settled for a share of the spoils with Carlow at O'Moore Park (0-10 each), Laois currently top Group B with a game to spare over Kildare – who were the only county not in action yesterday evening.
Longford are keeping up the chase alongside the Lilywhites after Peter Dempsey and Jordan Martin goals paved the way for their convincing 2-17 to 0-7 triumph over Wexford at Pearse Park.
Three years ago, I brought a puppy home to my family. They are, as friends were too eager to point out, a purse dog. They had been rescued from imminent death at the hands of a breeder. They were going to be put down because of a heart murmur, we were told. An acquaintance stepped in to save him, and thus, the story of life with our dog began.
I let my daughters name him, which, in retrospect, might have been a mistake. Their affinity for all things Star Wars had them bestow the moniker R2-D2. One glance tells you that, based on appearance, they are clearly a Yoda. Had their name been conferred based on personality, it would most certainly be Chewbacca.
Like with most pets, their name has evolved to include several variations. One of my clients with whom I was working at the time called them Archie. They were a bit hard of hearing, and the name stuck. My wife gave them the intentionally ignoble title Scraggles, and R2-D2 has, over time, been shortened to R2. On any given day, Archie, R2 and Scraggles elicit the same enthusiastic response.
They were easily trained and burrowed their way into the life of our family like a mole on Red Bull. This is an apt analogy as R2 clearly has some terrier in their eclectic bloodlines. A pedigree they are not. But they act like one, engaging their world in a manner that suggests it exists solely for their amusement.
 They are spoiled. My wife drops them off at their mother's every weekday, and they spend the day with four other dogs and a cat. My mother-in-law feeds them chicken that is prepared fresh every day. R2 is the only one of the dogs permitted to travel with them as they run their errands. They have a way of getting under your skin and getting theirs way.
They suffer from a mild case of Napoleon complex, flexing their muscle and bark when there is a safe distance or impenetrable barrier separating them from the object of attack. The Golden Lab next door gets an earful every afternoon, as does anyone on the opposite side of our front door. When confronted, they lie down and turns their belly up in submission, their eyes saying “just kidding” and “love me, please.”
R2 has taught me a fair bit about people. I can see my own and others' neurotic tendencies in his.  They are a dog of well-defined and nuanced habits. They go to bed at 10 p.m. and does not do so alone. They fuss and carries on until someone in the family goes to bed with him.  They are very passive aggressive.
They also have, like some I know, an inflated sense of self. Watching them play with a soccer ball is a repeated telling of Sisyphus and their boulder. Still they push on, and on, oblivious to the futility of their efforts. I am reminded of the definition of insanity whereby we continue to do the same things we have always done expecting different results.
There are times they don't seem to know they are a dog. They invite themselves to every event and occasion, cheerfully bouncing to the car without thought of possible exclusion. Most of the time, they are right. More than once they have managed to obtain an invitation when there was no such intention.  They are a happy dog who wags their tail even when being scolded. I know people like that. I want to be a person like that, gloriously naïve and blissfully unaffected.
Nature and travel writer Edward Hoagland wrote, “In order to really enjoy a dog, one doesn't merely try to train them to be semi-human. The point of it is to open oneself to the possibility of becoming partly a dog.” Maybe that is R2's most important lesson. They remind me of what I am capable and the kind of person I can be when the world beyond the playground is just a blur.
— Tim Durnin is a father and husband. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) for comments, discussion, criticism, suggestions and story ideas.
A mother-of-two was jailed on Monday for three years for what a senior judge described as the “horrific” killing of pensioner Eddie Girvan in Co Antrim last year.
Margaret Henderson-McCarroll (31), formerly of Verner Street, Belfast, had previously pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of the 67-year-old retired plumber who was stabbed, gagged and bound at their Greenisland home on January 18th, 2017.
Dressed in denim jeans, black jacket and white top and with their red hair now dyed blonde, Henderson-McCarroll acknowledged family and friends in the public gallery as they were brought into court in handcuffs by prison staff.
Passing sentence on Monday at Belfast Crown Court, Mr Justice Treacy said the defendant would serve a further three years on licence as part of the six-year determinant custodial sentence they were imposing.
They said that they agreed with two consultant forensic psychologists that Henderson-McCarroll did not meet the dangerous provisions and that they did not pose a “significant risk of serious harm to the public in the future”.
The judge told the court: “This was an horrific crime and the deceased must have suffered terribly.”
Guilty plea
The prosecution accepted their guilty plea to the manslaughter of the Mr Girvan on the grounds of “diminished responsibilty”.
Them defence had argued that at the time of the killing Henderson-McCarroll was high on a cocktail of heroin and crystal drugs.
A defence QC had told a plea and sentence hearing in June this year that at the time of the manslaughter their life had descended into a “heroin hell” following the cot death of their infant daughter.
Summarising the background to the case, Mr Justice Treacy told the court today that Henderson-McCarroll had known Mr Girvan for a number of years and they received “money for sex with him”.
They went on: “Police received a report of a road traffic accident in Belfast on the morning of January 18th, 2016, involving a Hyundai car which was registered to the deceased, Mr Girvan.
“To progress their inquires, police called at their home at about 8.45am to speak to them but got no answer. They returned to their home again at 3pm but there was still no sign of Mr Girvan.
“Separately, at around 10.45 am on the same date in the Lisburn Road area, police arrested you (Henderson-McCarroll) over an unrelated matter.
“You were eventually taken to Musgrave police station. At the same a number of items were discovered in your possession which included a satellite navigation system and a key belonging to a Hyundai car. When police checked the sat nav system it showed the home address of 162 Station Road, which was Mr Girvan's home.”
Concerned for their safety
The court heard that because police could not make contact with Mr Girvan, officers were concerned for their safety and went back to their house for a third time and forced entry.
The judge continued: “There they found the dead body of Mr Girvan bound, gagged and seated in a room on the ground floor. Photographs taken at the time showed clearly where they were and the state they were in.”
Mr Justice Treacy said that Mr Girvan had sustained two stab wounds to their body – one wound was to upper right chest area measuring 10 centimetres in depth which had “punctured their lung causing high bleeding into the lung” and which alone “could have resulted in death”.
The second stab injury was to the lower right part of their chest, 3½ cm in depth, which penetrated the skin and soft tissue but “caused no vital damage”.
“Neither stab would have required any great force. The deceased had a large wad of kitchen roll stuffed into their mouth and they had been gagged with a tie. This too, of itself, could have resulted in death.”
Chuck McFadden, Gov. Jerry Brown's biographer, will speak at this month's Channel City Club luncheon. The luncheon begins at noon July 23 at Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort in Santa Barbara.
McFadden's new book, Trailblazer: A Biography of Jerry Brown (UC Press, May 2013), traces Brown's childhood, their time studying for the priesthood, their romances, and their political career, from their first two terms as governor to their most recent.
Showy, idealistic and contradictory, California has never before seen a governor who was such a contrasting amalgam of religious questing, down-and-dirty politics, and consistent, fervent ambition.
Check-in for the Channel City Club luncheon begins at 11:30 a.m. July 23 and the luncheon starts at noon in the Santa Ynez Room at Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort, 633 E. Cabrillo Blvd. Advance reservations are required, and the cost is $35 for members and $40 for nonmembers. Click here for more information, or email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or call 805.884.6636.
— Sharon Donovan is a publicist representing Chuck McFadden.
The device that allowed the Las Vegas gunman to use their rifles like machine guns, firing hundreds of rounds per minute, cannot be found on the shelves of North Coast gun shops, and has now become the focus of a rare bipartisan call for new gun controls.
Years before Stephen Paddock launched an unrelenting 10-minute attack on a crowd at country music festival, local firearms dealers decided they didn't want to sell so-called “bump stock” attachments.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives has said the device does not violate federal laws. Their legal status is murkier in California, which has some of the most stringent restrictions on firearms in the country but does not explicitly ban the aftermarket accessory.
The most common model, made by Texas-based Slide Fire Solutions, has been sold since 2010. Local gun dealers, however, said they have no interest in selling them.
[pullquote: We almost at one point carried bump stocks . . . we just felt they were way too dangerous for people to have.]
“We almost at one point carried those (bump stocks) made by Slide Fire,” said Chris Ostrom, whose family operates Pacific Outfitters recreation stores in Mendocino and Humboldt counties. “We just felt they were way too dangerous for people to have.”
The bump stock replaces a rifle's standard stock, and it uses the weapon's recoil energy to allow for rapid fire while the trigger is depressed — with the stock “bumping” between the shooter's shoulder and trigger finger.
Paddock, of Mesquite, Nevada, installed bump stocks on a dozen semiautomatic rifles authorities later found in their hotel room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino. From two broken windows, Paddock leveraged the rapid-fire action to kill 59 people and injure another 489 in just 10 minutes, authorities said.
The massacre has renewed bipartisan calls to ban the device, legislation that the National Rifle Association on Thursday signaled it could support. Democratic U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein proposed legislation this week to ban bump stocks and other devices created to accelerate a gun's rate of fire.
Automatic weapons have been illegal for more than three decades. But bump stocks alter the firing mechanism of semi-automatic weapons, which are legal, enabling shooters to fire at rates between 400 and 800 rounds per minute, according to Feinstein's office.
“The only reason to fire so many rounds so fast is to kill large numbers of people,” Feinstein said in a statement announcing the proposed bill. “No one should be able to easily and cheaply modify legal weapons into what are essentially machine guns.”
[pullquote: The only reason to fire so many rounds so fast is to kill large numbers of people . . no one should be able to easily and cheaply modify legal weapons into what are essentially machine guns.]
While not explicitly banned by California law, local retailers said they opted against carrying bump stocks long before Sunday's massacre in Las Vegas. The reasons include an aversion to aftermarket tools that haven't been certified and tested by manufacturers with the same rigor as factory model products.
Retailers also said they didn't want to sell a product that makes a weapon harder to aim and potentially more destructive.
“Our dealership doesn't sell them nor do we recommend them to our customers,” said Brian Thomson, manager and director of training with Rinkor Arms in Santa Rosa. “I don't believe there are any (firearms) instructors out there that would recommend using them.”
What is going on at Ryanair now?
Its Irish-based Ryanair pilots have called a one-day strike on Thursday, July 12th and it will throw the holiday plans of thousands of Irish people into disarray if it goes ahead. There is also a possibility the strike might widen in the weeks ahead and affect other Ryanair bases across Europe.
What is the strike about?
A dispute over pilot seniority is at its core. All but one of the 95 Ryanair pilots based in Dublin who are also members of the Irish Airline Pilots' Association (Ialpa) have voted in favour of industrial action as they seek a seniority agreement covering base transfers, promotion, annual leave and other issue governed by length of service.
What have the airline said about the action?
It has called the strike unnecessary and says it has given Fórsa ( the union group representing IALPA) proposals on union recognition, base transfers, a seniority list for Irish pilots and annual leave. “Ryanair has invited Fórsa to meet to discuss these proposals on 18 separate occasions but Fórsa have failed to reply or take up any of these invitations to meet,” the airline has said.
I am due to fly on the 12th. Is my flight affected?
It is too early to say. There is more than a week to go before the strike and both sides would most likely prefer to avoid it so you might get lucky.
But surely all flights will be grounded if the pilots are on strike?
That is not how things work at Ryanair. The fractured nature of its employee network means that many flights could still take off. Some pilots are employed directly by the airline. Some are contractors and - effectively - self-employed. Of the airline's 300 or so pilots operating out of Dublin, less than a third voted for the industrial action. However, those who have voted for the action are all captains and are essential to operate aircraft.
So when will I know if I am caught up?
If a stalemate persists, Ryanair will have to make alternative arrangements and it will have to start cancelling flights out of Ireland on the day of the strike. It has pledged to contact customers next Tuesday should the July 12th strike go ahead.
Could the strike widen?
That is always possible and it is a volatile time at the airline. The German pilots union says it Ryanair members are voting on a possible strike in a ballot that will run to the end of July, following what it called the failure of talks on improved pay and conditions. Trade union sources have said pilots in other European countries could follow suit.
I thought that Ryanair was fiercely anti-union?
It was - in fact it probably still is but times change. For many years it refused to negotiate with unions but in recent months it has been forced to change its policy and accept the reality of collective bargaining as pilots have grown more powerful as their skills have become more in demand.
What do I do if my flight is cancelled due to the strike?
Under EU Regulation 261 airlines must offer passengers affected by cancellations a full refund or a rerouting on the next available flight or at a later time that suits the passenger. If you opt for a refund the airline's responsibility to you ends. If you ask to be put on the next available flight then the airline must provide care and assistance until you can be accommodated on an alternative flight.
What does care and assistance mean?
If you are overseas and trying to get home - or indeed in Ireland and trying to get home - the airline must provide you with meals and refreshments. If necessary it will have to cover the cost of hotel accommodation and transport between the hotel and the airport and you will have to be offered two free telephone calls and access to email.
What happens if my flight is not cancelled but I face a long delay?
If you are facing a delay the airline must also provide you with care and assistance. If you are left hanging around in an airport it must cover reasonable cost of meals and refreshments. If your flight is delayed by more than five hours an airline must offer you the choice of continuing with your journey or a refund of the cost of your ticket.
If I am overseas and can't get home, what can I do?
If the airline does not provide the care and assistance it is legally obliged to at the moment you need it, you should make your own reasonable arrangements and retain all receipts and use them to claim back the reasonable expenses.
What if I can get a flight with another airline that gets me how sooner?
There has been a change in tone across airlines in recent months and where once they would not allow passengers facing long delays book with other airlines they tend to do so now but you should always check with Ryanair that they will cover the cost retrospectively and get that in writing.
How do I claim back expenses?
Passengers should send copies (it is very important the original documentation is never sent in case it goes missing) of all receipts to the airlines on which they booked flights. Submissions should also include booking references, passenger names, original and new flight details.
Am I covered by my travel insurance?
It is possible but not likely. Most policies have a get-out clause and don't cover industrial action.
Am I entitled to compensation outside of reasonable expenses from Ryanair?
That is most unlikely. If you are affected by flight cancellations or long flight delays as a result of this strike action and seek compensation it is only likely to be granted after an investigation.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There is nothing worse than being unable to open your windows on a sunny day because of flies swarming inside.
One man claims they have come up with a simple solution that will stop a plague on your house.
There are no flies on public-spirited Gerry Southgate, who has taken to the internet to share their solution with the rest of the world.
Their method may work or may not help at all but their online post has been shared more than 50,000 times.
With that many people backing if it's sure to work, right?
Gerry posted their anti-fly solution back in June 2015.
They claim that hanging a plastic bag, half-filled with tap water and a few pennies, outside your back door will keep the flies – and wasps - away as they see it as a bees' nest.
Gerry's instructions in full are: “Half fill a plastic bag with water an add some pennies, (I put in 10) and hang it up outside your back door, hey presto, you have a fly free house!! It keeps flies, and wasps away as they see it as a bees nest!”
They say: “If you're having trouble with flies indoors in this lovely weather, try this, it really does work!
“Try it and if it works for you, (which it will!) share with everybody! Enjoy the sunshine!”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
In this photo taken on Friday, May 31, 2013, Arkady Babchenko, 41, who had been scathingly critical of the Kremlin in recent years, stands at a police bus during an opposition rally in Moscow, Russia. Police in the capital of Ukraine say a Russian journalist has been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment. Ukrainian police said Arkady Babchenko's wife found them bleeding at the apartment on Tuesday, May 29, 2018 and called an ambulance, but Babchenko died on the way to a hospital. Alexander Baroshin AP Photo
Rebekah Martinez was reported missing Nov. 18 by their mother, but is actually a contestant on “The Bachelor.” Craig Sjodin ABC
David Wright's body cost them a lot more than games PORT ST. LUCIE — So here is the game. Identify these three: Player A — .316/.370/.503, 141 OPS-plus, 150 homers/797 RBIs. Player B — .301/.382/.506, 137 OPS-plus, 222 homers/876 RBIs....
Discouraging case for allowing MLB cheaters into Hall of Fame Time to give up the ghosts. Like the games themselves, Halls of Fame have changed. Standards are diminished, disappearing. They're fewer Halls of Fame than Houses of Cards. Baseball's —...
Barry Bonds earns another step of MLB forgiveness Barry Bonds still hasn't found their way to Cooperstown, but they are getting one permanent place of MLB recognition in 2018. The Giants announced Tuesday they will retire Bonds' No....
Hall of Fame snub snaps: My ballpark is my steroid Larry Walker thinks they know why he's still waiting for their Cooperstown call, and it has nothing to do with steroids or their performance. It's where they played theirs home...
Trevor Hoffman couldn't imagine pressure Rivera dealt with Trevor Hoffman will enter the Hall of Fame with the second most saves in MLB history, behind only Mariano Rivera. And on Thursday, a day after learning they were going...
Chipper Jones wishes David Wright could be standing next to them Chipper Jones is one of the newest members of the Hall of Fame, and believes David Wright might have joined them there if their career hadn't been sidetracked by injuries....
Chipper Jones' secret to destroying the Mets Among the reasons Chipper Jones became a first-ballot Hall of Famer on Wednesday was what they did against the Mets — especially in Queens. “I really enjoyed playing on that...
How Mike Mussina could benefit from cleaned-up Hall ballot After all the hand-wringing about zero players being elected to the Hall of Fame in 2013 and how crowded the ballot was becoming — particularly because of the presence of...
Rivera's a lock, but can Pettitte join them in 2019 HOF class? Mariano Rivera is on the clock. The retired Yankees closer — and all-time saves leader — will be eligible for the Hall of Fame for the first time next year...
City Struggles to Fill Position August 12, 2017
By Stephanie Edwards
Tribune Reporter
Finance and Budget Committee members voted to recommend an agreement with an analyst firm to the full City Council at the August 7 committee meeting. The sole-source agreement with Analysts International Corporation would provide the City with services that had been provided by an employee who left a vacancy several months back, according to Chief Technology Officer Stephen Marsh.
The City has struggled to fill the position since.
Councilmembers Craig Faith, Phyllis Edson and Dave Mosby joined Chair Mayor Pro Tem Rob Binney at the meeting.
Mr. Marsh appeared in front of the Committee to explain why the City is seeking approval on the agreement. “We lost a key member of our staff three or four months ago, and we need to enter into an agreement with a firm that has intimate knowledge of our ERP system,” Marsh told the committee members. The firm AIC worked with the City during the implementation of the system and provides assistance with various projects as needed.
The City also needs assistance verifying data that references human resources and the comprehensive plan, they said. “We need to verify information that the pay plan information that is within the Version 9 system is ready to be upgraded into the Version 10 system, which we anticipate happening in November,” Marsh said.
The City would pay the firm $43,300 for the six-month agreement. The raw salary and the accompanying benefits are within about $100 of the monthly contract price, Marsh said. The City will use “salary savings” to fund the contract. If an employee is found, Marsh said they will have to pull the salary from the IT budget.
The reason the City is having trouble filling the position comes down to a number of factors, including the uniqueness of the skill set necessary to fill it. The system involved, Lawson, is not used by many municipalities. They explained that the City is in the process of seeking candidates with enough relevant training that they can work with the system, even if they are not familiar with it.
Mayor Pro Tem Rob Binney, who serves as committee chair, explained that municipal governments face challenges in terms of filling positions, particularly in the technology department, due to the ability if the private sector to pay.
The City will continue to seek to fill the position, though Marsh said that expectations are low that a Lawson expert can be found.
Out-of-favour Chelsea striker Diego Costa has launched an angry broadside against both the club and manager Antonio Conte, accusing them of treating them like a “criminal”.
Costa, 28, has been informed by Conte that they have no future at the club and having been frozen out of the first-team squad, the Brazil-born Spain international has gone home to Brazil.
They say Chelsea “want to sell me to China”, but has reiterated their desire to return to former club Atletico Madrid, who are under a transfer ban until January.
“I am waiting for Chelsea to set me free. I didn't want to leave. I was happy. When the manager does not want you, you have to go,” Costa said in an interview published in Monday's Daily Mail.
“In January, things happened with the coach. I was on the brink of renewing my contract and they put the brakes on it. I suspect the manager was behind it. They asked for that to happen.
“They gave me a week extra off, but since then it's fines all the way. They want me training with the reserves. I am not going to do that. I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here.
“So, if they need to fine me, let them fine me.”
Costa was particularly scathing in their criticism of Conte, who led Chelsea to the Premier League title in their first season at Stamford Bridge.
“I respect them as a great coach. They have done a good job and I can see that. But as a person — no,” said Costa, who was speaking in their hometown of Lagarto in northeastern Brazil.
“He is not a coach who is very close with their players.  They are very distant. They don't possess charisma.”
Faced with Atletico's inability to recruit players, Costa said they would rather spend a year not playing than join another club.
“My desire is to go to Atletico,” they said. “I have rejected other offers. They want to sell me to China or other teams. If I'm off, I'm going to the club I want to go to, not the club that's paying the most.
“I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me. I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say.”
Chelsea opened their title defence in disastrous fashion on Saturday, losing 3-2 at home to Burnley, with Costa's replacement Alvaro Morata coming off the bench to score.
Ryanair announced (08-Dec-2017) plans to end its GDS partnership with Amadeus on 15-Dec-2017. Ryanair CMO Kenny Jacobs commented: "Our distribution partnership with Amadeus, which has been in place since September 2014, will end on 15 December next after a new commercial agreement could not be reached... We will continue to work together through our use of the Navitaire platform, an Amadeus company". [more - original PR]
ST. LOUIS (AP) — The St. Louis Fire Department says a paramedic training officer falsely claimed they ran to the aid victims at the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing.
Shawn Daniel was honored at a St. Louis Blues hockey game in January. A posting on the Fire Department's Facebook page on Jan. 18 said they were among the emergency workers who hurried to help those injured in the bombing. Daniel was working at the time for a private ambulance company near Boston.
But the Fire Department says in a statement Tuesday that Daniel was never on the scene of the bombing and did not provide medical assistance. The Fire Department apologized.
The statement does not say what discipline Daniel might face. A message left with a department spokesperson Wednesday wasn't immediately returned.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:41 What's next for Eastland Mall
An Opportunity to Reflect at a Church Dedicated to the Apostles Near the Sea of Galilee
The OCN is pleased to share with you written excerpts and photos from the 2017 St. Helen's Pilgrimage of the Hellenic College Holy Cross Greek Orthodox School of Theology. The students started their pilgrimage on May 21st and will return to Boston on June 26th. This is a wonderful opportunity for the students and we look forward to learning about their experiences.
Day 5:
Our final stop of day five took us about two hours outside of Jerusalem to Tiberius. Near the Sea of Galilee, we pulled up to a church with 12 crosses, one symbolizing each apostle. The church was dedicated to the Apostles, who were called out from Capernaum, some even from the very sea we were looking at. The church was filled with iconography of the life of Christ, as well as many unique icons, like icons depicting how Christ called each of the four evangelists, as well as an icon of the Mystical Supper, showing the sinful woman anointing Jesus, while Judas scolds her, asking why wasn't this money given to the poor. It was also on this same Sea that Christ appeared to Their disciples after Their Resurrection, ordering them to cast their nets to the right side of the boat, in which they caught a multitude of fish, in where they sat and ate with them. We reflected on these events, which were especially close to us, being that all of us are seminarians and are about to go out into parishes to preach and teach Christ, whether as priests, pastoral assistants, youth directors, or as active lay members and Orthodox Christians.
ABOUT THE ORTHODOX CHRISTIAN NETWORK
Orthodox Christian Network (OCN) is a 501(c)3 and an official agency of the Assembly of Canonical Bishops of the United States of America . It is a recognized leader in the Orthodox Media field and has sustained consistent growth over twenty-two years. We have worked to create a community for both believers and non believers alike by sharing the timeless faith of Orthodoxy with the contemporary world through modern media. We are on a mission to inspire Orthodox Christians Worldwide. We have reached 5.7 Million People in One Week and we want to reach millions more! Signup to receive our newsletter email: info@myocn.net.
Do you find it hard to keep focused on Christ when you're on the go? OCN makes it easy! You can be inspired daily by the OCN programming from where ever you are by plugging into our Listen, Read, Watch , Wors hip. To learn more about emerging Orthodox leaders in our Community check out OCN 30 Under 30 Initiative. It is an opportunity to show support for and invest in this next generation of trailblazers.
Much like public radio, the Orthodox Christian Network relies on the support of our listeners, readers, volunteers, and fans. If you are interested in supporting our work, you can send your sustaining gift by direct mail, over the phone, or on our website. Your gift will ensure the continued growth of this encouraging Orthodox Community by providing faith-building, free, high-quality programming. Give today to help you and your Orthodox community stay connected no matter the location.
ORTHODOX MOBILE APPS ARE HERE!
Click here to download the Spark OCN and Orthodox Prayer Book.
______________________________ ______________________________ ___________
Posted by the Orthodox Christian Network. OCN is on Social Media! Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Google+, Pinterest, LinkedIn and Instagram
Authorities in western North Carolina have canceled evacuations in an area south of the Lake Tahoma dam, which had reportedly been in “imminent danger” of failing. Earlier reports of flooding and mudslides triggered by Tropical Depression Alberto threatened the dam, according to the Weather Channel.
According to earlier reports, the dam, located at a private lake in the mountains, reached “Level 1” of emergency categories, McDowell County Emergency Management officials said — meaning the dam had failed, was failing, or was about to fail, according to federal guidelines. Reports of water spilling over the sides of the damn just after midnight Wednesday morning caused concern, prompting a mandatory evacuation of neighboring towns while the dam was being examined.
McDowell county emergency management reports water is spilling around the sides of Lake Tahoma dam. Evacuations ongoing south of the dam. THIS IS A LIFE-THREATENING SITUATION. HEED ALL EVACUATION ORDERS IMMEDIATELY! If you are not threatened by floodwaters, shelter in place. — NWS GSP (@NWSGSP) May 30, 2018
Local officials said Wednesday morning that an engineer had performed a safety inspection and determined that the evacuation order was no longer needed, according to CBS News, and all evacuation orders were lifted, according to the Weather Channel. McDowell County Emergency Services director William Kehler told NBC News that the mandatory evacuations impacted “several thousand” residents.
@DukeEnergyStorm @NWSGSP this is the 8:30am picture at my family cabin at the confluence of Muddy Creek and Linville about a half mile downstream of the Bridgewater Hydro Plant (Burke County). Water rising quick. @wxbrad @FHWxN pic.twitter.com/MqTlUYRg6x — wxchristopher (@wxchristopher) May 30, 2018
McDowell County Emergency Management Deputy Director Adrienne Jones told The Associated Press that five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues since Alberto made landfall. Creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rockslides closed roads all across the county.
CBS Greensboro, N.C., affiliate WFMY-TV reported a mudslide in Old Fort that forced the shutdown of a portion of Interstate 40. WFMY-TV also reported that “forecasters warned that the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season's first named storm were still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation's midsection.”
#Breaking #Update #JustIn @AshevillePolice are shutting down portions of Biltmore Avenue in Biltmore Village. They're warning everyone to stay away from this area as floodwaters continue to rise. @WLOS_13 pic.twitter.com/XJ8KPsD0kL — Karen Zatkulak (@WLOSKaren) May 30, 2018
Two journalists were killed during the storm so far- news anchor Michael McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer, of NBC's Greenville affiliate WYFF. The two were traveling about 30 miles from Greenville when a tree fell on their news vehicle, according to officials.
“Mike and Aaron were stellar journalists, dedicated to covering news in this market,” John Humphries, WYFF president and general manager, said in a statement. “They were beloved members of our newsroom and we will miss them tremendously. Today is a difficult day, and there will be many more ahead.”
The Washington Post reports that “Alberto made landfall along the Florida Panhandle late Monday afternoon with winds of up to 65 mph. The storm ripped through Southeastern United States, causing thousands of power outages in Alabama.”
By Josephine Agbonkhese
An expert in property law, Prince O. Williams-Joel, Managing Partner, Prince Joel & Associates, has said the rising prominence of credit bureaux and the increased sophistication of the identity authentication system—SIM card, Bank Verification Number, BVN, and National Identity Number, NIN, among others contributed to Nigeria's 24 spots jump in the Ease of Doing Business Index.
The goals laid out in the Economic Recovery Growth Plan, ERGP, the replacement of traditional means of registering a company with online processes, introduction of the visa-on-arrival option, airport infrastructure development and the removal of baggage check post in the checking-in process, were also listed.
These were the revelations made at a discourse section on Real Estate Investments and Ease of Doing Business in Nigeria: Challenges & Realities, in Edinburgh, Scotland, UK, with spotlight on the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business report entitled Doing Business 2018: Reforming to Create Jobs, which indicated that Nigeria had moved up by 24 points from 169th position on the 2017 ranking, and also 170th position on the 2016 ranking, to 145 in the World Bank's 2018 report.
According to Prince O. Williams-Joel, Managing Partner, Prince Joel & Associates, “the focal point of the evaluation by the global apex bank is premised on the policies government put in place to guarantee business start-ups, a seamless process in getting permits or licences, depending on the sector of investment; taking care of power, loan, land permit, payment of multiple taxes, bureaucratic bottlenecks, among others.”
The President of AAS, Collins Ikhide; Vice-President, Abayomi Odubanjo; Secretary, Daniel Omoraro; and Public Relations Officer, Nosa Odoko all agreed that the discourse became necessary to encourage the international community, especially Nigerians in the diaspora, to invest in the country.
The discourse culminated in an interactive session, where Prince Joel proffered solutions to the challenges associated with the real estate sector and provided information on available cross-border transaction partnerships necessary for effective mobilisation of foreign direct investment into Nigeria.
The Santa Barbara Botanic Garden is offering a Community Free Day as part of its year-long anniversary celebration of “85 Years: Growing Native.”
MarBorg Industries will sponsor a free-admission day at the garden from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 16.
“The Community Free Day series has been such a success that we would like to offer it to the public as often as we are able,” Santa Barbara Botanic Garden Executive Director Steve Windhager said. “When we approached the people of MarBorg about sponsoring one of the events, they did not hesitate to participate. MarBorg Industries has been an environmental leader in our community for over 75 years, and with the garden's focus on sustainability, this is a perfect partnership.”
“We are pleased to provide this free event to the community so that everyone can visit this local treasure,” said David Borgatello, vice president of MarBorg Industries. “As a Green Certified Business, we have been recognized for our commitment to preventing pollution, conserving natural resources, and exceeding environmental regulatory requirements — all part of our dedication to sustainability. This philosophy directly ties in with the garden's mission.”
Along with free entry, visitors can participate in docent led tours at 11 a.m., noon, 1 p.m. and 2 p.m., visit an authentic Japanese Tea House and watch an actual Tea Ceremony, and receive free reusable grocery bags compliments of MarBorg Industries.
Santa Barbara Channelkeeper will have an “examination station” by Mission Creek for visitors to explore water bugs and other critters and learn about the watershed.
This month's Community Free Day is taking place in the midst of the Fall Plant Sale, as the garden's courtyard turns into a native-plant wonderland featuring more than 400 varieties. With fall planting season upon us, the Master Gardeners' table is a great place to get horticultural questions answered and learn how to grow native in your home garden. In addition, for every garden membership purchased, visitors will receive an additional 5 percent discount for a total discount of 15 percent on plants bought (on the day of the event only). In the Garden Shop, patrons will receive a free native California poppy seed packet from S&S Seeds with any purchase of $10 or more.
Visitors are invited to pack a lunch and enjoy a lovely picnic on one of the garden's beautiful decks overlooking stunning vistas.
Parking at the garden is very limited, so use of alternative transportation via MTD's No. 22 bus line or carpooling is strongly encouraged. As attendance is regulated by a Conditional Use Permit, only 205 people can be allowed into the garden at one time.
— Joni Kelly is the communications manager for The Santa Barbara Botanic Garden.
Boston Market – Receive a half chicken individual meal with two sides, cornbread, a regular fountain drink and a cookie for $10.40
Chuck E. Cheese – Buy an large pizza and get a large cheese pizza FREE. The deal is valid between 4/18 – 4/20 – Click here for more details
Firehouse Subs – Receive a FREE medium sub when you purchase an additional medium or large sub, chips & medium drink. The deal is valid 4/18 – 4/20. Click here for more details
Hooters – Kids eat free with the purchase of $10 or more. Valid through 4/18. Click here for more details
Hungry Howie's – Get a medium 1 topping pizza for 15 cents when you buy a large 1-topping pizza at menu price. Click here for more details
JetBlue – Owe the IRS money ? Then fill out this form and you could win a free one way ticket.
McDonald's – Buy a Big Mac or Quarter Pounder with Cheese and get a second one for 1 penny on 4/18.
Planet Fitness – FREE hydromassages for all ! Members and nonmembers can receive a free hydromassage between 4/15 – 4/22 at participating locations. Click here for more details
Sonic Drive-In – 1/2 price cheeseburgers all day on 4/18. Click here for more details
Sonny's BBQ – Half price St. Louis Rib dinner with two sides and bread only on 4/18. Click here for more details
World of Beer – Free select beer or $5 off on 4/18. Click here for more details
Telugu Desam Party (TDP) had broken its alliance with the BJP lead NDA, and had submitted a no-trust motion in the Lok Sabha 2 days ago.
The ruckus in the Lok Sabha on the no-trust motion had caused the House to be adjourned for the second time.
A former Lok Sabha secretary has said that the din in the house should not be a hurdle in taking up the no-confidence notice, while two other maintained that taking up the issue amid disruptions has “practical difficulties”.
The 19th of March was the 11th consecutive day that the proceedings of the House were washed out due to this and Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan could not take up the notices for no-confidence motion.
READ ALSO: BJP leader promises to grant special status for Andhra after TDP's exit
Former Lok Sabha secretary general P D T Acharya said a no-confidence motion is not admitted like other motions.
“It is a special motion and the Speaker merely informs the members of the notice. If the motion is in order (the documentation is as per rules), they can go ahead,” they told a news agency.
They said even if the House is not in order, the motion can be taken up if the notice is in order.
Acharya also said it is the duty of the Speaker to bring order in the House.
Once 50 members stand up in support of the motion, the Speaker only decides on the date and time when it will come up for debate, they said.
They also noted that to give a notice of no-confidence motion was the right of a Lok Sabha member and this “right cannot be curtailed.”
“The notice should be in order. I think some are interpreting it as the House should be in order,” they said.
But another former secretary general Bal Sekhar said din in the House creates “practical difficulties” in proceeding with the notice.
“When members are standing at their seats and in the Well, it is difficult to count the 50 members standing on their feet in support of the motion,” they said.
READ ALSO: Will Center lose more allies and seats after ‘divorce' with TDP?
They noted that since there is no voting and only a headcount, the other side can dispute the figures if there are members standing to protest but not for supporting the motion.
Yet another former secretary general, who refused to be named, said “the principal issue is that the House needs to be in order before any agenda, including notice of no-confidence motion, is taken up. How will the heads be counted,” they wondered.
The Lower House was adjourned for the day amid noisy protests by members from various parties, with Mahajan saying “since the House is not in order, I will not be able to bring it… I am sorry”.
The notices for the motion have been given by YSR Congress member Y V Subba Reddy and two members of the TDP — Thota Narasimham and Jayadev Galla. Both parties have been demanding special package for Andhra Pradesh, an issue on which the TDP quit the ruling NDA alliance last week.
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla. - A gunman on a bicycle shot a man in the leg late Wednesday in northwest Miami-Dade County, authorities said.
Miami-Dade police said the shooting happened around 8:45 p.m. outside a home in the 3100 block of Northwest 53rd Street.
The victim was taken to Ryder Trauma Center in Miami, where they were listed in stable condition.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Student-athletes must be a sophomore, junior or senior, hold a 3.30 GPA and above and be a starter or major contributor off the bench to be eligible for nomination to the CoSIDA Academic All-District teams. Those selected for the Academic All-District teams go into a pool for Academic All-America.
Peeples anchored an offensive line that paved the way for 2,867 rushing yards and 35 touchdowns on the ground this season, ranking seventh nationally in total rushing yards and eighth in rushing yards per game (260.7). The Phoenix rushed for more than 244 yards in seven of the team's 11 contests, including 564 versus Bethel and 359 against Kentucky Christian. Cumberland also allowed just 10 total sacks in 11 outings, sixth fewest in the nation.
The Conyers, Ga., native started 10 of the team's 11 contests at center and made 37 starts in their Cumberland career. The Phoenix ranked in the Top 11 in total rushing yards and rushing yards per game in 2016. They hold a 3.85 grade-point-average in Management and will graduate in May.
Bates posted 29 tackles with five tackles for loss, three sacks and six quarterback hurries in 2017. The Mt. Juliet native recovered four fumbles, returning one 64 yards for a touchdown at Georgetown College.
Bates played in 33 career games with 29 starts over the last three seasons, registering 13.0 tackles for loss and 6.0 sacks along with 78 total stops. They carry a 3.51 GPA while working on their master's in Business Administration.
Hear the drummer pick up the guitar and lend their voice to chilling tunes as The Earth Below
Share this:
Now that he's not screaming their lungs out with Bengaluru sludge band Shepherd, who recently called time after releasing a split album with Mumbai hardcore band Death By Fungi, Deepak Raghu is concentrating on their solo project The Earth Below.
With their second EP Window Lights for Wanderers released in June this year, the drummer for stoner/doom band Bevar Sea, doom/death band Dying Embrace and Shepherd is making it clear that he's not all about slow and heavy. Just slow. The atmospheric but simple edge The Earth Below seems to draw from grunge to doom to shoegaze and lo-fi.
On the latest release “Indestructible”—off their upcoming EP Dreams of a Thousand Stillness—Raghu delves even deeper into their psyche, vulnerably introspecting. There's even an evocative string section (provided by Bengaluru producer-bassist Leslie Charles) on the song, whom Raghu knows since 2011, when they were part of rock band Allegro Fudge.
Does the gloom of moving from Bengaluru to Mumbai reflect in the tone that Raghu has taken? They say, “Maybe it does but I'm not really much of a social person anyway, so my environment is basically wherever I'm living at any time. I've been living with my girlfriend for close to three years now, and most of my writing revolves around our relationship and my own personal shortcomings. It's not really confessional, but more about documenting the process.” Dreams of a Thousand Stillness is slated to release later this year.
Listen to “Indestructible” below. Buy the single here.
Further boosting the institution's profile in elite classical music circles, the Music Academy of the West has expanded its National Advisory Council to include Los Angeles Philharmonic Vice President Chad Smith and veteran artist manager Mark Newbanks.
Formed three years ago and consisting of influential professionals from a variety of fields, the group helps promote the Music Academy nationally and internationally, and provides counsel to the academy board and President Scott Reed.
“We are very pleased to welcome two classical music professionals of such distinction and accomplishment to our National Advisory Council,” Reed said. “We plan to take full advantage of Chad's and Mark's considerable talents, as well as those of our other Advisory Council members, as we move the Music Academy forward.”
As vice president of artistic planning for the Los Angeles Philharmonic Association, Smith is responsible for the oversight and coordination of all Los Angeles Philharmonic programming, including the orchestra's concerts at Walt Disney Concert Hall and at the Hollywood Bowl, the Los Angeles Philharmonic classical presentation series at Walt Disney Concert Hall, and all educational initiatives.
They previously served as artistic administrator for the New York Philharmonic and the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and as associate artistic administrator at the New World Symphony in Miami. A member of the executive committee for the Avery Fisher Artist Program, Smith serves on the board of the American Music Center.
“The Music Academy has an extraordinary history of identifying and cultivating the great artists of tomorrow,” Smith said. “I am looking forward to being a part of this institution, which I have long admired.”
Newbanks serves as managing director of Fidelio Arts Limited, a London-based, worldwide boutique agency specializing in artist management, orchestra touring, and the development of media and television projects. The company's current artist roster includes Gustavo Dudamel, Esa-Pekka Salonen and Lionel Bringuier.
Newbanks previously worked as an artist manager at Konzertdirektion Schmid, served as general manager of the Camerata Academica in Salzburg, Austria, and oversaw concert productions for IMG Artists in New York, among other positions. Immediately before founding Fidelio Arts Limited last year, Newbanks served as a senior artist manager, director and board member for Askonas Holt Limited.
“Supporting young, exceptional musicians is a passion I share with the Music Academy of the West,” Newbanks said. “I look forward to working with Scott and their colleagues and to contributing to the further growth of the academy.”
Also serving on the Music Academy National Advisory Council are television executive Marcy Carsey, Carnegie Hall Artistic Planning Director Jeremy Geffen, Juilliard School Dean Ara Guzelimian, pianist Joseph Kalichstein, former Capital Group Cos. senior executive John Seiter and retired Cargill CEO Warren Staley.
— Tim Dougherty is the communications manager for the Music Academy of the West.
One single reliable warhead fired by North Korea could destroy densely populated cities, killing millions.
Those who aren't killed in a nuclear blast would be left with devastating injuries while their cities would be flattened.
A detailed analysis by 38 North, at the US-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, has revealed what would happen if Kim Jong-un did the unthinkable and actually fired a nuclear weapon.
In “A Hypothetical Nuclear Attack on Seoul and Tokyo: The Human Cost of War on the Korean Peninsula,” Michael J Zagurek paints a terrifying picture of the damage it could cause.
Assuming North Korea has 25 operational nuclear weapons with warhead yield ranges from 15 to 250 kilotons timed for airburst at optimal altitude, Zagurek runs through seven different scenarios.
The warhead yield ranges are based on current and possible future capabilities and the estimates of casualties were also based on the size of the city and population density.
In the most extreme estimate of a 250 kiloton weapon being used, Seoul and Incheon which has a combined population of 24,105,000 would have 783,197 fatalities and 2,778,009 injuries.
Tokyo and Yokohama with a combined population of 37,900,000 would have 697,665 fatalities and 2,474,627 injuries.
Maps showing four blast areas from a 250 kiloton airburst detonation also show how far the fallout and blast would reach.
North Korea has launched 98 ballistic missiles since 2011, including 19 this year.
However it remains unclear exactly how many warheads it possesses and how advanced they are.
Nuclear disarmament campaigner John Hallam said the analysis was fairly authoritative.
Hallam speculated the DPRK (Democratic People's Republic of Korea) had between 40 and 60 warheads.
They also said they believed it will be a while before North Korea hit its nuclear goals.
“I'm also inclined to think that it will be a while before they fit a 250 kiloton warhead to more than one or two rockets,” they said.
“So 38 North analysis being based to a large extent on smaller warheads is not unreasonable — but the number of larger warheads will clearly rise over time.”
Hallam said it was reasonable to assume Seoul and Tokyo were obvious targets but the analysis didn't include an ability to strike US west coast cities.
“If that ability does exist, then it's also possible for them to strike Sydney, Australia which doesn't mean they necessarily will — the highest priority target in Australia, indeed almost in the world — is Pine Gap, critical for US command and control,” they said.
“If US cities become part of the equation which they will in a year or two if they are not now, then that body count will be higher.”
They also pointed out the analysis didn't take into account Donald Trump's threat to wipe out the DPRK, which would increase the body count even further.
Hallam said there would also be fallout which would also add to the huge casualty toll.
“It would be necessary to take into account the effects of fallout drifting in one direction all over South Korea, and in the other direction, into Manchuria,” they said.
“Maybe once Seoul has been levelled, which can be done without use of nukes at all, a little fallout from the rubble bouncing in the DPRK is of lesser consequence, but it needs to be taken into account somehow.”
Meanwhile Trump said their administration's goal was for North Korea to denuclearise.
“We cannot allow this dictatorship to threaten our nation or our allies with unimaginable loss of life,” they said.
“We will do what we must do to prevent that from happening. And it will be done, if necessary, believe me.”
The President had been discussing Iran and North Korea with US military leaders and posed for a photo with them before declaring the moment “the calm before the storm.”
“You guys know what this represents?” Trump said after journalists gathered in the White House state dining room to photograph them and Melania Trump with the uniformed military leaders and their spouses.
“Maybe it's the calm before the storm,” they said.
When asked what storm, Trump replied: “You'll find out.”
Northern Ireland politicians had enough to contend with trying to get Stormont back up and running. Now after the snap election of early March they are facing into another snap election in early June.
It's a contest the North could have done without but it seems that Brexit, together with the current weakness of the British Labour party, prompted British prime minister Theresa May to take their chance and seek a strong majority for the coming challenges.
It doesn't seem a destabilised Northern political system played much part in their decision.
May's move certainly will concentrate the minds of the parties who are due back at Stormont on Wednesday seeking a means to reinstate the Northern Executive and Assembly. But it may concentrate them in such a fashion that they give up on the talks until the election is out of the way. The British and Irish governments may try to compel them to get a deal done now, but then again what party makes compromises in the teeth of an election?
The Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire has given the parties until early May to get the deal done. Otherwise, they threatened, they will call more Assembly elections or restore direct rule from Westminster.
If Northern Ireland is going to have one election to return 18 MPs on June 8th, perhaps they might consider in the absence of an early May agreement having yet another Assembly election to return 90 Assembly members to Parliament Buildings, Stormont.
But who would gain most by a double election? All parties will insist they are ready and fired up for this tussle. But after a Westminster election in 2015, Assembly elections in 2016 and in March this year, the coffers of most parties must be low. Energy levels also must be depleted.
Sinn Féin, with its generous support from the US, tends to be pretty well-heeled so it is probably best placed of all the parties for the Westminster contest. It would relish an Assembly election as well when it sees the DUP under continuing pressure.
In the March poll Sinn Féin had the DUP on the back foot for a variety of reasons - over the Irish language and the “cash for ash” debacle particularly - and so galvanised the republican and nationalist vote that it ended up just one seat and fewer than 1,200 votes behind the DUP.
In the 2015 election the DUP won 8 seats, dropping one in South Antrim; Sinn Féin won four, dropping one in Fermanagh South Tyrone; the Ulster Unionist Party won two, a gain of two; the SDLP held its three seats; and independent unionist Lady (Sylvia) Hermon once again was returned in North Down.
In short the result was 11 seats for unionists, 7 for nationalists. Were Sinn Féin, say, to regain Fermanagh South Tyrone from the UUP's Tom Elliott and take North Belfast from the DUP's Nigel Dodds it would be nine-nine and Sinn Féin and nationalism still on the march forward.
The Assembly election raised big constitutional questions for unionism. As well as the Sinn Féin surge, for the first time in the history of the Northern Ireland state it lost its majority at Stormont.
There will be unionist concern that if Sinn Féin maintains the vote it won in March that it could do more damage to unionism and by extension weaken the link between Northern Ireland and Britain.
So, while unwelcome, there is a lot to play for in this election. It is likely that there will be pressure for the UUP and the DUP to arrange some pacts in threatened constituencies to withstand the Sinn Fein challenge.
There also is likely to be Sinn Féin pressure on the SDLP to engage in a nationalist pact, although hitherto the SDLP has resisted such overtures.
It's too early to predict whether Brokenshire would go for a double poll on June 8th but it has to be an option. Equally, what could stay their hand would be a reluctance to hand over such apparent advantage to Sinn Féin.
2:38 Chehalis auto repair shop embraces cutting-edge technologies Pause
1:33 Hands On Children's Museum rings in the new year
1:52 Bobby Wagner says Seahawks changed run fits on D to change game at SF
5:23 Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
3:38 Pete Carroll was "in outer space" pulling Seahawks starters out early at SF
1:25 Straightforward Richard Sherman after Seahawks win at SF
2:19 Highlights: Timberline turns up defense, routs Emerald Ridge 62-41
2:07 Olympic silver medalist Travis Stevens is welcomed home in Lakewood
1:27 Military Christmas Greetings 2016
Video will play in
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola has resigned as Birmingham City manager.
The Italian has left the club following Blues' 2-0 defeat against Burton Albion at St Andrew's this afternoon.
The St Andrew's crowd turned on Zola during the game, levelling chants against the manager and their position in charge.
Zola won just twice in 24 matches as Blues boss since replacing Gary Rowett in December in a disastrous run of form which has left the side just three points from safety.
They sit in 20th place following this afternoon's loss which resulted in their resignation.
Blues now have three games - starting with the derby against Aston Villa on Sunday - in which to preserve their Championship status.
Watch the video at the top of the page for a selection of fans' comments.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Volunteers have praised a 'phenomenal response' from people in Reading after they began gathering supplies to help the survivors of a major fire in West London.
Sajid Nawaz is urging people in the town to rally behind the residents of Grenfell Tower, in North Kensington, which went up in flames in the early hours of Wednesday, June 14.
12 people have been confirmed dead and 78 were taken to hospital after the raging fire damaged every floor of the 24-storey building. However, police say the death toll is expected to rise.
Mr Nawaz and a small team of volunteers is busy collecting donated clothing and cash which will be used to help the people who have lost everything.
The office manager at private hire company 500 Cars felt compelled to help the victims as their house in Central Reading was gutted by a fire seven years ago.
They said: "After seeing the horrific images this morning, it brought back some nasty memories.
"As it was my day off, I got hold of my brother and my nephew [Sufyan Javaid and Asam Bhatti] and we decided to rent out a van and start collecting donations.
"This is a great response from Reading and we are proud"
"The response from people has been phenomenal. I didn't realise there would be such an amazing response.
"It's all gone crazy, I've been driving around making loads of collections. I thought I would be out of Reading by 4pm, but we still have to go to Tilehurst , Shinfield , Earley and Calcot before we can go.
"This was a community effort from Cemetery Junction in East Reading to the entire town. It was great to see all the different communities coming together to support after the horrible incidents that have happened in the past few weeks.
"This is a great response from Reading and we are proud.
"We've been taking donations of all sorts but also thought it is our duty to fundraise some money for the families who may unfortunately be mourning the passing of loved ones that would not have seen this terrible incident occurring."
They added: "Our thoughts and prayers go out to them as we practise Ramadan this month."
London Fire Service has stated that the cause of the deadly blaze remains unknown and while the building has been badly damaged it will not collapse.
To make a donation visit Mr Nawaz's JustGiving page
There are a number of other ways to help and you can also donate to our sister site getwestlondon's fundraising page here .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Parents and residents are being asking for their views on a plan to expand a popular Burton primary school so it can take additional pupils.
Holy Trinity Primary School, in Wetmore Road, could be undergoing an the expansion thanks to cash from a developer which wants to build new homes in the area.
Now education authority Staffordshire County Council has launched a consultation to increase the number of youngsters at the school to a total of 70.
It comes as 203 new homes are planned to be built in the catchment area of the school, which means that six extra primary school places needed per year group at the school, says the county council.
House builder Maplevale Developments Ltd will pay money towards adding more places at the school, which will be needed as new families move into the homes.
The current plans will see two teaching classrooms added and one existing room expanded at the school. The staff room and the head teacher's office will both be relocated as part of the scheme.
Parents and the wider community associated with the school are being asked to have their say on the plans, with a deadline of Tuesday, June 5, to make thier views known.
Woodville school caretaker Allen Green retires from 'temporary' job after 40 years
Councillor Philip White, who is the cabinet member for learning and skills at the council, said: "Demand for school places is increasing on a national level, and is important we plan ahead to ensure there are enough places available locally to accommodate increased pupil numbers.
"Holy Trinity Primary School is rated by Ofsted as 'good,' and governors and the diocese are keen to embrace expansion so the school can continue to serve the local community and enable more local pupils to benefit from the valuable education they offer.
"Every child deserves a good education and the county council is committed to providing the best possible start for young people.
"With the well-documented rise in birth rates and proposed housing developments, we have to plan ahead so we can continue to offer good and outstanding school places for children in the county."
The consultation is running until Tuesday, June 5, with people asked to get in touch by emailing SOTconsultations@staffordshire.gov.uk.
Your Excellency Sir,
It's been six months since I subscribed to my usual publications of this piece. And this is primarily because I have been out of the country for the entire period, and as such would not normally objectively tender a subscription. I do apologize to my readers for this. So having being in Monrovia, Liberia for the recently concluded ECOWAS Summit, I would like to do some analysis on such a historic august body and gathering of this sub-Saharan/West African region.
In resume, among other crucial achievements, ECOWAS, through its military apparatus, ECOMOG, played very sacrificial and invaluable roles in bringing peace, security and democratic governance to both Sierra Leone and Liberia during their past civil wars, and most recently ensuring that the Gambian people's democratic change of government from the notorious dictatorial twenty seven years regime of Yaya Jarmeh, to the current government of President Adama Barrow, through their tactical robust intervention, overseen by President Helen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia and other ECOWAS Presidents/actors, was enforced. Furthermore, ECOWAS has also spearheaded the enactment of several socio-political, advocacy and economic treaties in the sub region.
Also, more importantly, apart from its interventions, where armed/civil conflicts may be unavoidable, I would like to proffer that the ECOWAS parliament works much assiduously in its conflict prevention mechanism and impartial good governance structures and measures within its member states, though being cognizant of the independence and sovereignty of each member state. You may agree that conflict prevention is much cheaper and easier, socially, politically, militarily and economically than its resolution and management.
For real lasting security and peace to be realized in West Africa (and Africa,) the “herculean monster” of corruption, which brings about social and legal injustice and bad governance, must be decisively, sincerely and impartially tackled by the ECOWAS parliament and our respective member states. I opine that, Corruption must be legally elevated to a treasonable offense, especially those of high magnitude; which must be punishable either by death or life solitary confinement. Lesser ones must also be made to attract stiff jail sentences and confiscation of properties as the case may be. Only this can lead us into meaningful, rapid and sustainable development, good governance and lasting societal security. The prolonged menace of corruption with impunity breeds repression, which inadvertently, sooner or later, breeds rebellion and war.
In addition, I do implore your good office to ensure that ECOWAS actors and election observers independently and sincerely observe and address the entire electioneering processes to ensure that they are truly free, fair and transparent indeed. So as to provide a level playing field for both incumbent and opposition political parties. This would certainly remove disaffection from all the political actors, thereby forestalling conflicts before, during and after elections.
What was also very noteworthy was the inclusion of the Israeli Prime Minister in this year's summit. Aside the few security exuberances that occurred, which I would not like to belabour on, I think Israel's active international cooperation with Africa, in terms of fighting terrorism, agricultural and human resource development, as well as scientific and economic empowerment would be invaluable. This cooperation must be explored as much as that of Africa and China. In effect, with the increasing spate of global/Islamic fundamentalism and terrorism, the extreme porosity of our borders, coupled with bad (poor) economies of most African states, our West Africa, could well be a viable target for so-called Islamic State/terrorist recruitment and activities. And it must further be noted that any country that identifies and/or embraces Israel receives the blessings of the Sovereign Lord of the universe, as implied in Their word, the Holy Bible.
However, having travelled to some of the countries in sub Saharan Africa, both by land and air, I have observed that our cross border trade agreements are a complete fiasco. The unnecessary, cumbersome check points and systemic extortion of both business people and other commuters are very shameful and extremely unreflective of the ECOWAS treaties being enacted. Sometimes, it may even seem unnecessary to have obtained all your travel documents and requirements. Because you would still be made to pay illegal fees or be unduly detained before being released to go. Travelling with your private vehicle as a non government functionary /non diplomat can be even more frustrating. No matter how many documents you present, you would always be required to provide another, just so you cannot escape the border extortion syndicate. The schemes are just many.
The common commodity ECOWAS intra trade taxations at the entry ports and border crossings that are meant to create affordable prices for the common man, are so irregular, subjective and criminal, to say the least. And very unfortunately, it is the struggling local business people and masses that bear the brunt of all these irregularities and disjointed trade signals. I am writing all of these observations just to make you understand what obtains on the ground at our ECOWAS legal entry points, especially as you travel by land; our systems are completely dysfunctional and even much counterproductive to the economic and security interests of our countries.
Sir, I trust that once again my pro bono observations, analysis and discourse would be relevant towards critical thinking and effecting necessary change for the general good and the betterment of the commoners especially.
MAY THE ALMIGHTY GOD HELP YOU!!! LAND THAT WE LOVE OUR SIERRA LEONE.
Best Regards,
Rev. Dr. Abraham J. Williams
(Clergyman/Human Rights Advocate)
Tel (+231) 888 229 348
Email: abrahamwilliams2001@yahoo.co.uk,abrahamwilliams2014@gmail.com
/ Front page / News
HEALTH and Medical Services Minister Rosy Akbar has called for policies to be put in place to ensure access to quality and safety of essential medicines with affordable costs.
They said this was one of the issues the National Medicines Committees for Pacific Island Counties should consider seriously.
Ms Akbar made the comments while speaking at the Quality Assurance and Rational Use of Essential Medicines in the Pacific Island Countries meeting in Nadi yesterday.
"Essential medicines are intended to be available within the context of functioning health systems at all times in adequate amounts, in the appropriate dosage forms, with assured quality and adequate information and at a price the individual and the community can afford," they said.
"The implementation of the concept of essential medicines is intended to be flexible and adaptable to many different situations exactly which medicines are regarded as essential remains a national priority."
Regarding the quality of medicine, Ms Akbar said medicine reaching the patient needed to be of good quality, safe and effective.
"Through this there needs to be an appropriate quality assurance system in place which includes managerial, technical and legal aspects.
"In accessing this quality essential medicines it is vital that an effective procurement process with a good understanding of the Intellectual Property Rights will contribute to the improvement of reliable and good quality health services. It ensures, again, the availability of the right drugs in the right quantities, at reasonable prices and at recognisable standards of quality."
An increase in the direct provision allowance to €21.60 a week for adults and children is “offensively minuscule” and shows “no understanding whatsoever” of the lives of those dependent on it, asylum seekers and several groups representing them have said.
Some others, however, welcomed the increase as a step in the right direction.
The Movement of Asylum Seekers in Ireland (MASI) and the Irish Refugee Council were critical of the announcement on Wednesday, by Minister for Justice Frances Fitzgerald and Taoiseach Leo Varadkar, that the allowance would increase by €6 a week for children and by €2.50 for adults.
Some 4,652 people were living in direct provision centres across the State in May, the most recent data, about one third of them children.
Direct provision was established in 2000 and sees asylum seekers accommodated in centres where they are provided with meals and a weekly allowance. Though children attend school, adults may not work.
Mr Varadkar said: “The Tánaiste and I believe this is an important measure. The increases will benefit everyone living within the direct provision system by providing more disposable income.”
The direct provision allowance was introduced with the system, at a weekly rate of IR£15 (€19.10) per adult and IR£7.50 (€9.60) per child. The adult rate has remained unchanged since, though the child rate was increased in January 2016 to €15.60. The increases will be from August.
In 2015 a cross-departmental working group, chaired by retired judge, Bryan McMahon, recommended increases to €38.74 for adults and €29.80 for children
Lucky Khambule, MASI spokesperson, said members were “insulted” by Wednesday's increases.
“We really feel insulted by the newly-elected Taoiseach, who seems to have no understanding whatsoever about what we have gone through in direct provision for 17 years.
“The Taoiseach said that these offensively minuscule increases would give asylum seekers more disposable income. If our situation wasn't so serious this would be a joke. We were not consulted on this, no one asked us what we needed. We are furious that people think that €2.50 or €6 will do anything to address the damage caused to our lives by direct provision.
Poverty line
“The answer to our problems is not an increase to our allowance. It is allowing us the right to work. We have been living below the poverty line for so long, denied this basic right.”
The Irish Refugee Council welcomed the “modest” increase but said it was not enough.
The Council's chief executive, Nick Henderson, said the increase, “the first ever for adults, and the second for children since 2000”, was “still hugely insufficient and is also below the modest recommendations of the McMahon report.
The society of St Vincent de Paul however welcomed the increases.
“While there is still some way to go . . . the increases are moving in the right direction and we hope that Budget 2018 will bring further increases to the levels we have sought,” said the organisations national president, Kieran Stafford.
The Children's Rights Alliance also welcomed the measure saying it as a major breakthrough for the most vulnerable groups of children. Chief executive Tanya Ward said they hoped this was a proactive step by the new Taoiseach.
All is set for the South-East, South-South In­ternational Conference taking place in Owerri on April 18 2017.
The conference is being organised by the South-East/South-South Network, (SES­SNe) a group of pro­fessionals campaigning for the 11 states in the South-East and South-South to form an Eco­nomic Union.
In a press statement issued by the Organ­ising Committee, the group stated that the 11 state governors of the zones, lawmakers, industrialists/manufac­turers and employers of labour, chambers of commerce, profession­als, women groups, religious/community and youth leaders are expected and invited to attend.
According to the statement signed by the groups' Spokesperson, Mrs Emem Dunn, the theme of the confer­ence is ‘South-East and South-South: Towards Greater Economic Union.'
Issues to be dis­cussed at the confer­ence include: Fiscal Federalism, Economic Integration, Political Integration, address­ing Regional Fears, Mistrust and Political Concerns and Inter-Regional Commerce among the eleven states of the South-South and South-East.
According to SESS­Net, the Forum will give the South-South and South-East states ample opportunity to focus on its natural resources in developing areas of its comparative advantage and ultimately entrench inter-regional trade and commerce.
Lamenting that the region has been stunted by inherent contradic­tions of the Nigerian State, SESSNet further stated that the South-South and South-East regions have enormous potentials in terms of human, economic and natural resources, the largest in Sub Saharan Africa.
The group which is pioneered online, is known for organising and creating advocacy techniques that have become standard in politics, non-profits and the industrial sec­tor globally.
The conference will take place in Owerri, on April 18, 2017.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Better "protection" is needed for local councils who come up against builders who deliberately defy planning regulations.
That is the argument that Cllr Ian Courts, Solihull Council's cabinet member for managed growth, has made in their submission to the Government this month.
Writing to the Housing Secretary, Cllr Courts has emphasised the need to tackle those who choose to flout the law as part of an effort to "restore credibility" in the planning process.
They also called for "beefed up" protection for trees and other natural features and for greater consideration to be given to the space around dwellings.
The letter has been sent after the Government launched a country-wide consultation on proposed changes to the National Planning Policy Framework (NPPF).
"[There is] nothing new in this," said Cllr Courts, in reference to the points they made in their submission. "It's what I've been bleating for years and will continue to do so."
The correspondence follows the managed growth decision-making session last month, during which councillors debated some of the main challenges facing the borough.
At the meeting, concerns were raised about planning applications in which a developer departed from the plans that had previously been approved by the council's planning committee, resulting in buildings which, in some cases, were drastically different from those granted permission.
And frustrations were also aired about a separate issue, relating to the rising number of cases of developers electing to cut down trees ahead of lodging an application with the council.
Last week, Cllr Ken Hawkins (Con, Blythe) joined the chorus of objections to the practice, condemning the "ecological destruction" they had witnessed in their own ward and said they had been very angry to see trees, some of which are thought to have been over 100-years-old, hacked down.
They said the law should be looked at in order to put a stop to the practice.
The NPPF consultation came to an end earlier this month and the responses received will now feed into the next stage of the process.
Today is the third day which will table the no-confidence motion against Narendra Modi's government.
Three no-confidence motions against the Narendra Modi-led NDA government are expected to be taken up Tuesday after Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan adjourned the lower house Monday saying it was not in order. Notices for no-confidence motion were given by YSR Congress member Y V Subba Reddy and TDP MPs Thota Narasimham and Jayadev Galla. Both the parties have been demanding a special financial package for Andhra Pradesh. The motion is unlikely to upset the NDA, which has clear majority in the House.
The three motions are likely to be taken up after Question Hour in Lok Sabha if the Speaker finds the House to be in order. The Congress, Left Front, Samajwadi Party (SP), Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the AIMIM have extended their support to the motion. AIADMK, which is also protesting against the Cauvery issue is yet to take a final call on its course of action.
READ ALSO: TDP's ‘no-trust' motion causes protests in Lok Sabha
Here are the LIVE UPDATES:
12:43 PM
YSR Congress Party MP YV Subba Reddy gives notice to include no-confidence motion in Lok Sabha's list of business tomorrow.
YSRCP's YV Subba Reddy writes to Lok Sabha Secretary General, gives notice to include no-confidence motion in the list of business for tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/ucxSyaE7Lq — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
12:18 PM
Lok Sabha adjourned; no-trust motion not taken up
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumita Mahajan adjourns House for the day. “The country has never seen such a sorry state, this is not proper. You are insensitive for your own people,” they are quoted as saying by the agency. “House is not in order and so no-confidence motion cannot be moved.”
12:08 PM
Lok Sabha reconvenes
Sushma Swaraj addresses Lok Sabha on missing Indians in Iraq
11:26 AM
Rajya Sabha adjourned
Chairman Venkaiah Naidu has adjourned the Upper House for the day.
11:17 AM
The Rajya Sabha is observing two minutes of silence as a mark of respect to the 39 Indians killed in Iraq by the Islamic State terror group.
11:07 AM
Sushma Swaraj addresses Rajya Sabha
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj addresses Rajya Sabha. They say the 39 Indians, who were abducted by the Islamic State in June 2014 in Iraq, have died. They say, “All the bodies were exhumed in Mosul – there were 39 of them and their DNAs were matched. Mortal remains were sent to Baghdad. For verification of bodies DNA samples of relatives were sent there, 4 state govts, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, West Bengal and Bihar were involved.”
They add, “Yesterday we got information that DNA samples of 38 people have matched and DNA of the 39th person has matched 70 per cent. General VK Singh will go to Iraq to bring back mortal remains of Indians killed in Iraq. The plane carrying mortal remains will first go to Amritsar, then to Patna and then to Kolkata. I'd like to thank the Iraqi authorities who helped us out despite challenges.”
11:17 AM
The Rajya Sabha is observing two minutes of silence as a mark of respect to the 39 Indians killed in Iraq by the Islamic State terror group.
11:07 AM
Sushma Swaraj addresses Rajya Sabha
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj addresses Rajya Sabha. They say the 39 Indians in Iraq have died. They were abducted by the Islamic State three years ago. The government had earlier said they were lodged in a jail in Badush in northwest Mosul.
11:04 AM
Lok Sabha adjourned till noon
In hardly a few minutes, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan adjourns House till 12 pm after chants of “we want justice”.
10:48 AM
AIADMK, TDP MPs resume protest
AIADMK and TDP members are protesting outside Parliament. While AIADMK MPs are demanding setting up of the Cauvery river management board, TDP is demanding special status for Andhra Pradesh.
10:40 AM
Opposition MPs to meet RS Chairman
Ahead of today's session, Opposition members held a meeting and decided to meet Rajya Sabha Chairman Venkaiah Naidu over disruptions in the House.
#WATCH: MPs of opposition parties held a meeting in Parliament premises, they have decided to meet #RajyaSabha Chairperson to state that they want to run the House and govt should reach out to the opposition for the same. #Delhi pic.twitter.com/brTJKRGAOu — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
10:36 AM
If the TDP's no-confidence motion is tabled in the Lok Sabha today, here are the parties likely to support it: Congress, CPI(M), TMC, NCP, and AIMIM. The AIADMK will decide once the motion is moved. BJP ally Shiv Sena, however, will abstain if it is put to vote.
The BJP, which has a comfortable majority in the House, is likely to remain unaffected by the motion. However, this will mark the first no-trust motion against the government.
10:33 AM
Will AIADMK support the no-trust motion?
AIADMK, which is the third largest party in the Lok Sabha, is yet to decide whether it will support TDP's no-trust motion. TDP on Monday alleged BJP was “orchestrating” the drama in the House, by making AIADMK and Telangana Rashtriya Samiti (TRS) MPs enter the Well. The motions were not taken up on Monday after the Speaker found that the House was not in order.
10:19 AM
TDP MP Thota Narasimham says the party will give a no-confidence motion notice in the Lok Sabha today, and that members will also continue protesting in the House until their demands are met, reports the agency.
READ ALSO: Will Shiv Sena back TDP's ‘no-trust' motion after this secret meeting?
9:51 AM
Will press for discussion on no-trust motion through the session: YSCRP's Subba Reddy
YSR Congress MP YV Subba Reddy, who brought the no-trust motion, says, “We request the Speaker to allow our no-confidence motion. As long as the budget session continues we will press for discussion to take place on no-confidence motion. Ruckus has been happening in the House for past 15 days but the Finance Bill was passed,” reported a news agency.
9:49 AM
The Rajya Sabha was in session for only 10 minutes yesterday. Chairman Venkaiah Naidu adjourned the House after parties from Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu trooped into the Well, raising slogans and disrupting proceedings. No business was transacted. Naidu was heard repeatedly asking members to allow the House to function. “This is not in the interest of the country, this is not in the interest of Parliament,” they said.
9:42 AM
Naidu to MPs: ‘Get other parties to issue no-trust motions'
On Monday, the Lok Sabha was adjourned for the 11th consecutive day, after Speaker Sumitra Mahajan found the House was not in order. TDP leader and Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu, in a late-night teleconference with MPs, asked them to get no-confidence motions issued by other parties as well. “Be alert and react according to their moves. Ensure that MPs of other parties also attend the House. Get no-trust motion notices issued by other parties as well,” They were quoted as saying by a press agency.
9:39 AM
Govt may opt for early adjournment of Budget session
BJP sources, meanwhile, said that in view of continuous disruptions, the government is likely to opt for early adjournment of Budget session. Senior party leaders indicated the session could be adjourned sine die this week. “What's the point in continuing like this?” a BJP leader asked.
9:37 AM
SAD to support Modi govt
BJP's ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) said the party supports granting of special category status to AP, but is not in favour of the no-confidence motion.
9:37 AM
Stalin asks AIADMK to support the motion
DMK leader Stalin asked the Tamil Nadu government to support the no-trust motion called by CM Naidu. “Andhra Pradesh CM Chandrababu Naidu to put pressure on Central government has gone for no-confidence motion for the welfare of their state. I ask this (Tamil Nadu) Government to support TDP's no-confidence motion,” they were quoted by a leading news agency as saying.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal have been linked with an ambitious move for Barcelona star Ousmane Dembele.
The £96.8m signing from Dortmund could look for a move after seeing their dream move fail to ignite and not making an impact due to a string of injuries.
The French international is good friends with Arsenal striker Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang, it is that friendship that has led to fans getting excited that the two could link up at the Emirates.
Football London reports that there have been whispers that Arsenal could be keeping tabs on their situation, with new head of recruitment Sven Mislintat the man that took them to Dortmund in the first place.
Since arriving at Arsenal at the end of last year, Mislintat has already managed to bring in Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang - both of whom played together at Dortmund.
And now, following comments made by Dembele about their relationship with Aubameyang, Arsenal fans are hoping that Mislintat will complete the hat-trick.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Honestly, I had a beautiful relationship with Auba,” said Dembele. “Too bad it only lasted a year. For me, a guy coming from Évreux, meeting Aubameyang meant a lot.
“I was pretty good with him. It's easy to play with a guy like that, they go fast, they are always well placed.”
Those comments immediately got Arsenal fans excited on social media and the hype only increased when Aubameyang retweeted them to all of their followers.
Other news
Manchester City are ready to challenge their Premier League rivals for Monaco star Thomas Lemar this summer window.
Lemar, 22, has scored just three times in 27 appearances for Monaco this season having been chased by Arsenal in the summer.
The Gunners, as well as Liverpool - armed with money from the sale of Philippe Coutinho - are expected to return for French international Lemar in the close season.
The Telegraph, though, are reporting that champions in waiting Man City also fancy bringing them to England - and to the Etihad.
Having lost David Silva, Gabriel Jesus and Leroy Sané to injury at the start of the year, Pep Guardiola tried to bring Riyad Mahrez to the Citizens in the January transfer window. Parent club Leicester City, though, stood by their valuation of the Algerian and they remained at the King Power Stadium.
Guardiola spent big on defender Aymeric Laporte in January, and is expected to make a further signing or two in the summer window.
Keeping an eye on
Liverpool is on the heels of several European clubs in the chase for a player tipped to be one of the continents the hottest talents.
Manchester City teenager Javairo Dilrosun is on the Reds' radar according to Portuguese outlet O Jogo.
Dilrosun is seeking a new challenge after their contract expires at the end of the season, they claim.
RB Leipzig, Borussia Dortmund, Juventus and Valencia are also said to be interested but Benfica appear to be Dilrosun's most likely destination having already discussed terms with the youngster.
The Dutch youth international was previously linked with a move to Liverpool in November.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Dilrosun is regarded as one of the better young players at City after impressing since their arrival from Ajax as a 16-year-old in the summer of 2014.
The skilful winger has progressed through the various youth groups at City and is now a regular in the club's under-23 side.
The 19-year-old has also impressed for the Netherlands at all youth levels and they were part of the U19 squad which reached the semifinals of last summer's European Under-19 Championship.
City beat a number of top teams to Dilrosun's signature from Ajax and those sides have continued to keep progress on their development for club and country.
Fans arrive for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas. Ross D. Franklin AP Photo
By Ben Agande
Kaduna – Youths in their hundred, Monday, staged a peaceful procession in support of President Muhammadu Buhari who has been in the United Kingdom for more than 90 days on medical vacation.
The Kaduna procession was coming few days after two groups, pro and anti Buhari protesters, held similar rally in Abuja.
The Kaduna rally allegedly drew youths from various states of the north and terminated at the Kaduna government House where they were addressed by government officials, led by the commissioner in charge of Stakeholder Affairs, Shehu Balarabe as well as governor Nasir El Rufai's spokesperson, Samuel Aruwan.
They carried placard with inscription, “Kaduna Youths Network Support Buhari”, “We support Buhari to stay in office, not to step down”,”Budget Padding is corruption”.
The spokesperson for the group, Ibrahim Garkuwa, said said the rally was called to drum support for the president, adding that they are happy with the manner which President Buhari's administration has governed the country in the last two years.
Another member of the group, Muhàmmed Sani noted that in spite of repeated attempts to portray the present administration as not performing, the President has achieved far better than their predecessors.
They said President Buhari has fulfilled their campaign promises to Nigerians, especially in areas of anti-corruption fight and security despite the challenges they met on ground.
According to them, those calling for their resignation are enemies of the country who are not happy with the successes recorded by their administration in ridding Nigeria of corruption.
The group maintained that the President has not violated the Constitution to warrant the call for their resignation after they had properly handed over to Acting President Yemi Osinbajo.
The commissioner for Stakeholder relations who addressed the youths on behalf of the state governor, Nasir El-Rufai thanked then for being law abiding.
Gardaí have renewed their appeal for information in relation to the murder of 18-year-old Cameron Reilly in Dunleer, Co Louth early on Saturday and said their mobile phone, which has still not been found, may provide key information in the investigation.
They have also urged anyone who was with them to speak to gardaí or another person in the community in confidence, even if they may have consumed drink or drugs on the night in question.
Mr Reilly's body was found early on Saturday morning. It is understood they had been with a group of people on Friday night and that there may have been an altercation outside a chip shop.
Cameron Reilly was found dead in a field in Dunleer.
A postmortem has confirmed the teenager was strangled to death some time on Saturday morning.
Supt Andrew Watters renewed the Garda appeal for information on the murder of Mr Reilly and clarified a number of issues that had arisen in recent days.
Speaking on Wednesday afternoon in Dunleer near the location where Mr Reilly's body was found, Supt Watters said that a full investigation had been under way since that time, based at an incident room in Drogheda Garda station.
“A significant amount of inquiries has been carried out. A significant number of people have been spoken to and interviewed and further inquiries are ongoing as we speak,” they said.
Supt Watters said people in the vicinity on Friday night and Saturday morning “may have consumed alcohol and drugs”.
“But I just want to make it clear to some of those people, maybe to encourage them to come forward and speak to us, that is not the primary concern or the primary focus of this investigation. The primary focus of this investigation is to establish for Cameron's family the truth as to what happened to Cameron,” they said.
“Cameron died as a result of injuries to their neck area and a comprehensive forensic examination of the scene is still ongoing.”
Supt Watters said they wished to make a further appeal in two areas. They said there had been a little bit of misinformation in relation to Mr Reilly's personal phone. The phone was an Apple iPhone 8 Plus, they said. It had previously been reported that the phone was an iPhone 8x, which does not exist.
‘Check bins'
They said the phone, which has not been found, was dark in colour with a very distinctive lime green surround.
An image of the Apple iPhone 8 Plus being sought by gardaí. Photograph: Garda Press Office
“We are appealing to anybody to check bins – and we know there were bins collected this morning – but still to check bins, gardens, hedges, or if you are out walking and you come across a phone of this nature or any phone, we would ask you to not touch it but to contact An Garda Síochána. The location of Cameron's personal phone is key to our investigation,” they said.
They also appealed for anyone who may have information about Mr Reilly's last movements, from when they were last seen at 12.20am on Saturday until 8.30am when their body was found, to come forward.
“We genuinely and firmly believe that there is vital information in the community here in Dunleer and I would appeal to anybody who has any information, irrespective of how little, or how trivial, or insignificant or significant you think it is. I would appeal to you to come forward and speak to us, or to speak to a parent, or to speak to a teacher or somebody within the community.”
Supt Watters said gardaí would gladly meet anybody with information on a confidential basis. Alternatively, people could contact Drogheda Garda station or the Garda Confidential Line at 1800 666111 or any Garda station.
“I want to thank the public generally but the close-knit community here in Dunleer for the fantastic assistance they have given us with our investigation. An Garda Síochána fully appreciate the effect such a tragic death has on Cameron's family, on their friends, but also on such a close-knit community,” they said.
Gardaí have downloaded CCTV footage from several areas around the town in an effort to track Mr Reilly's final movements.
Their body was found by a dog-walker on Saturday morning in a field popular with young people for meeting up and drinking in the Co Louth village.
Speaking at the Garda Representative Association (GRA) conference, Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan said that in the context of three recent “brutal murders”, there did not appear to be any relation between them “other than a common thread of behaviour of young people”.
“I believe it's important that as a society we would reflect on the way we treat our fellow citizens and I would hope that those responsible for the outstanding murders will be brought to justice at the earliest opportunity,” they said.
‘Happiest Man in the World' takes to the stage at the second edition of the UAE's Happiness Journey
“The best way to flourish in life is to express, at all times, benevolence warm-heartedness and altruism,” said international author Matthieu Ricard, also known as “the happiest man in the world”, addressing the audience at the second edition of the UAE's Happiness Journey.
“If we think about ourselves all the time, we will be stuck in this small, narrow bubble, and that is not the way to happiness,” explained Ricard. “We need to go from individual change to social change, where we care for the common good. Our life depends so much on others.”
Also Read : Dubai to get World's largest single-site solar energy project
In a session titled ‘Compassion: The Inner Condition of Happiness', the bestselling author, who has spent 51 years of their life living in the Himalayas, advised to look within in order to make a change. “In order to be an ethical human being,” they said, “I must acknowledge that deep within, I am looking to avoid suffering. I can't say I will leave my hand in the fire and hope not to get burned. The second step is to have compassionate ethics, which means applying the same concept to others: just as I don't want to suffer, neither should any other sentient being.”
Ricard defined four main concepts that lead to happiness: Altruism, where we wish for all others to find happiness and the causes of happiness. Meanwhile, compassion means wishing others to be free from suffering and all its causes. The third concept is wisdom, or knowing reality as it is, while empathy is defined as affective resonance with others.
Ricard has been called the “happiest man in the world” by several popular media, after they volunteered in a study on happiness performed at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, which examined the effects meditation has – and particularly, meditation on compassion – on the brain. Ricard scored significantly above the average of hundreds of volunteers. “Even 20 minutes of meditation per day for a period of five weeks is enough to train our brain,” they advised, adding that “money can't buy happiness. It can, however, bring happiness to both the giver and the receiver when donated.”
Almost all my success as a Leinster player came alongside Johnny Sexton, we won a Six Nations title together in Paris, so I maintain an unapologetic bias towards their continued selection as the Ireland outhalf.
When Johnny has played this season they looked even better than any of those trophy-winning seasons before joining Racing 92.
Not that I think Paddy Jackson is done developing. Paddy was good in Rome, their kicking off the tee immaculate and that sort of reliability always influences a coach's mind, but I don't believe there is a decision to be made here.
When France comes to Dublin on Saturday week, a sufficiently recovered Sexton wears number 10. It's not about what Paddy can or cannot do, has or has not done, it is what we know Johnny will do.
There is an argument to suggest Sexton, by their mere presence, is holding Jackson back. But that's just the way it goes. In 2015, Dan Carter and Beauden Barrett was not a rivalry. When fit, Carter played because of a developed knowledge - which saw them get into position to drop the goal that guided New Zealand into the World Cup final – that came from over a decade living in the high pressure environment of Test matches.
Skip forward 12 months and Carter is playing for Racing while Barrett was voted world player of the year. But if Carter was still at their best, and living in New Zealand, Barrett would be coming off the bench at fullback.
At some stage Paddy Jackson will step out of Johnny Sexton's shadow. It's only then we might see a similar jump from incredibly talented player into something else, the next level, wherever that may be. Like Barrett did.
There have been plenty of encouraging signs, especially at the Stadio Olimpico, but they continue to be blocked by a fit Johnny Sexton.
ADVERTISEMENT
My rational is based upon Johnny's decision making. Jackson is steadily improving their accuracy but Sexton came into the Leinster number 10 jersey as a fully formed outhalf. Granted, they had to wait until they were 24-years-old. Sure, there were bumps on the road in the 2010 and 2011 seasons – as they gained the necessary experience while trying to fend off Rog (which, considering their competitive similarities, was never going to be a simple case of one replacing the other) - but when Johnny came on for Felipe Contepomi in the 2009 Heineken Cup semi-final all the necessary tools were already in evidence.
There is a clear mindset behind their approach: if I drive people, it makes them better and they make me better as a result. That's their singular unwavering mindset.
An uninjured Sexton still starts.
My increasingly high opinion of France has not changed, even if their front five forwards continue to display either laziness or a lack of the necessary match fitness. Their attempted rejuvenation under Guy Novès remains on an upward trajectory despite the poor performance on Sunday. There was clear joy on French players' faces after beating Scotland in Paris. That's an odd sentence to write. But they desperately needed to win a Test match.
Remember, France are trying to recover from a generation of decline, and they're only 18 months into this largely uncharted journey.
Ireland need to expose all of this in Dublin. How? Well, by learning from the opening 20 minutes in Murrayfield and combining the energy sapping tempo displayed in Rome.
There was an impressive killer instinct to how Craig Gilroy ran in that last try. Italy wanted off the field but Ireland kept piling on the points. It was a statement the players felt they needed to make.
If that's how we finish the Six Nations then those opening moments in Edinburgh will prove a blessing in disguise.
Now, France know what is coming as much as we know how physical and direct they will be. It's just a case of us being accurate and seeing the opportunities before their defence does.
For example, a big Louis Picamoles tackle last Sunday saved France from the type of exploitation of space that hurt Ireland at Murrayfield.
Faced by a midfield of frontrowers, against a perfectly aligned Scottish offence, Picamoles shot up to drive Zander Fagerson backwards. It proved a vital intervention.
This is the ideal situation in rugby; big lads poorly spaced in midfield with a winger on the edge. To fail to exploit that is a cardinal sin.
We are talking about rugby intellect again. Picamoles saw the danger before Finn Russell could take control of the situation. A season from now, maybe even over the next few weeks, the speed of thought might click for Russell. They might see what Sexton automatically notices and demand that ball goes out the back.
An important process in beating France is to force them into constant defending, as Ireland did to Scotland and Italy, because after two or three minutes they will run out of energy.
There was one moment, with the sides locked at 16-all, when France fullback Scott Spedding took a sustained breather with the ball at their feet out of touch.
The only reasons I can deduce for this mini-break is Spedding was shattered or they knew their teammates were sucking diesel.
I also feel Scotland faded badly, around the hour mark, due to their lack of impact off the bench and having to use subs for injury rather than tactically. France did what they always do; replaced heavies with heavies and ground them down.
ADVERTISEMENT
Ireland have shown they can cope with this in recent victories over France. Because we can go back to the proverbial well more than they can. That's how Ireland beat France these days.
That doesn't mean standing toe-to-toe for the entire match as we did at the World Cup. That exacted a huge cost as Paulie, Peter O'Mahony and Johnny were all forced off.
We played traditional Irish rugby that day – kicking long, giving up possession and inviting them on to us. Then we mauled them into submission.
Ireland under Joe Schmidt have spent the last 16 months evolving a game plan to avoid an all-out confrontational scenario against bigger opponents.
If we play at a high-enough tempo France will be forced into making earlier substitutions, so come the hour mark, when they seek to slow matters down, they will have huge bodies out on the field with little energy.
Then it comes down to identifying and exploiting their most tired players. Again, plenty of evidence of where to look. Uini Atonio – their mammoth tighthead prop – was struggling to pull themselves off the deck after 15 minutes against Scotland.
Russell noticed, running at and then dancing around Atonio before a quick recycle yielded the latest Hogg special.
Russell nearly got to offload away but the bounce pass – so difficult to defend - did enough to spread hesitation in the French ranks and Hogg capitalised.
Such opportunities come from a lack of French conditioning. Contrast that with CJ Stander's engine and proficiency as an international blindside, which Schmidt mentioned after their hat-trick. The same can be said about the work rate of Seán O'Brien and Jamie Heaslip. They almost seem to be in competition with each other, which is the best thing that can happen in a team environment.
But there's clear evidence of them growing as a trio.
The impact of Josh van der Flier, coming in for the backrower who shows the slightest dip in energy, adds another element. How Joe finds room for a fit again O'Mahony, I don't know. But Pete improves any team they get picked on.
I imagine – after two high voltage Test matches – that Seanie will return to their world class best for France. The half breaks could turn into open field bursts, the slowing of ruck ball into clean turnovers.
The mismatches that Scotland exploited are what Schmidt will have compiled for the Carton House showreel this week. Irish players will be working on specific ways to open France up. And there are plenty of them.
Now, of course, it's not simple. France possesses an exceptional backrow of their own with Kevin Gourdon having as much influence as Picamoles, just in different areas of the game, and there will be long periods of punishing defence to halt their massive front five.
Ireland must do what Stander, Heaslip, Ultan Dillane and the rest did in Italy; keep the pace up for the last quarter. With this comes torturous pain. To be the first man off the floor means journeying to a dark place and enjoying your stay there.
If it's a stop-start match then France are grinding out the result.
The two week run-in allows players get through plenty of running with ball in hand as they are forced into making decisions while fatigued.
The correct decision.
Some guys will have their load lightened. What we learned about Robbie Henshaw against Munster in October was that they can hit the ground running. So, it's just a matter of keeping them fit. Since the concussion in November, they have consistently proved the importance of their physicality. Like our backrowers, they carry and defends in the same confrontational manner which allows Ireland play the clever way when the opportunity arises from theirs and others endeavour.
ADVERTISEMENT
I'm looking forward to seeing Robbie against Gael Fickou. Even if they spring Bastareaud on us I'd have no concerns. Robbie's over 100kg now.
I never had that size so it was always difficult defending the bigger lads. Just see how they dealt with Nemani Nadolo in Montpellier. For most of us it is about grabbing the bootlaces but Robbie stayed in the fight long enough to drag the big Fijian down.
That's exactly what Ireland need to do next.
FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2017, file photo, International Olympic Committee IOC) Vice President John Coates speaks during a joint press conference with Tokyo 2020 Olympics President Yoshiro Mori in Tokyo. Coates, the head of the IOC inspection team visiting Tokyo as it prepares for the 2020 Olympics, warned local organizers on Monday, April 23, 2018 to get ready for some complaints. Coates says organizers are entering a “phase where questions from stakeholders become very pragmatic and very urgent.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I came across a wonderful piece of archive film this week, courtesy of a Facebook page entitled The Baseball Ground. As you will have quickly deduced it is all about memories of the Rams' former home.
The film was put together by a chap called Doug Smith, and anyone who remembers walking to the ground will find it mouth-watering, especially if those memories stretch back further than the Lord Justice Taylor Report which, in the wake of the Hillsborough Stadium Disaster, recommended that all grounds in the top two divisions should be all-seated by August 1994 (later extended by a year).
The Baseball Ground became all-seater by the due date. It reduced the capacity to 18,300, and when one looked around it was now hard to imagine that, in September 1969, 41,826 spectators had wedged themselves in for the visit of Spurs.
When this bit of film was shot in the mid-1970s there were no safety fences and certainly no seats on the terraces where generations of Rams fans had stood to watch their heroes, from Bloomer to Boulton, Goodall to Gemmill, and all those great names in between.
The film shows spectators walking to the Baseball Ground. There is some footage of play – Francis Lee kicks-off against what looks like QPR, and there is also action from a home match against Leicester City – but it isn't the football that is so absorbing, it is the scenes in the streets outside, on the terraces and in the stands.
Fans stroll down Shaftesbury Crescent to shouts of “Golden Goal!” from lottery ticket sellers, the public address plays the refrain: “We are the champions!” and friendly looking police officers amble about, their thumbs tucked in their tunics. If there was crowd trouble it is apparent only when one miscreant is seen being escorted around the pitch by a bobby who has the offender's collar well and truly felt. There are apparently no flight attendants, and certainly no high-visibility jackets.
This is not to paint a picture that all was well at football grounds some 40 years ago, but it was before the real scourge of hooliganism in the 1980s, when local residents feared match days.
We were chatting in the pub about the changing “match day experience”. When sweet and fish ‘n' chip shops around the ground did most of their weekly trade in just three hours on a Saturday afternoon. When a man with a tray hanging round their neck walked around the pitch, and, with an unerring aim, could drop a packet of mints into the hands of someone 40ft back on the terrace, while the sixpence was passed down to him. When we relied on a man with a wooden board and set of numbers to keep us informed of the half-time scores.
This afternoon, when Brentford visit, we'll know every latest score from around the country almost before the back of the net has stopped quivering. That is if we can get a signal.
There were only 12,366 at the Baseball Ground to see Brentford, relegation-bound from the second tier, on April 10, 1993. The Rams took the lead in the tenth minute, when Paul Kitson waited for goalkeeper Graham Benstead to commit himself, then steered the ball over their head and into the empty net.
On the stroke of half-time, Brentford equalised when the impressive Marcus Gayle beat Martin Taylor from close range after some poor Rams defending.
It was 70 minutes before Derby regained the lead. The danger began with Dean Sturridge's long run down the inside-right position. The Bees' Keith Millen managed to get a foot to the ball but Marco Gabbiadini was on to it in a flash, blasting home a superb shot.
Within a minute the Rams were 3-1 ahead. Seeing Benstead – who was now handicapped by a thigh injury that was heavily bandaged – off their line, Paul Simpson lobbed the ball over their head. Benstead, going back, managed to get a hand to it but could not keep it out.
In the 75 minute, Millen headed home to Taylor's right to complete the scoring at 3-2.
The Rams finished eighth – and we were still blissfully ignorant of dodgy wi-fi signals.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has said they could not bear to watch the penalty shootout that saw England progress to the World Cup quarter-finals.
The Prime Minister found the tension too much as Gareth Southgate's team's tie with Colombia came down to the spot-kick finale.
A Downing Street source said Mrs May watched some of the match but added: "She actually said earlier they struggle to watch penalties because it's a nerve-wracking time."
At Prime Minister's Questions Mrs May praised the Three Lions for their "very rare and welcome" penalty shootout victory in Moscow.
The team triumphed 4-3 from the spot, after the tie finished 1-1 following extra time, to secure their first World Cup win on penalties.
England now face Sweden in the quarter-finals on Saturday.
Meanwhile, Jeremy Corbyn wants the whole UK to get a day off if England win the World Cup in Russia.
The Labour leader, who did watch the dramatic penalty shootout, thinks there should be a bank holiday if Southgate's team emulates the heroes of 1966.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A senior Labour spokesperson said: "We don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but I think it is the case that Jeremy believes that if England were to win the World Cup there should be a public bank holiday in celebration."
The spokesperson said any bank holiday would have to come soon after the match and would cover the whole of the UK, and not just England.
"The World Cup is a very special international competition," they said. "It's something that brings people together on a very large scale and we need recognition of that and recognition of the importance of football in the country."
Research undertaken by Labour when it proposed the establishment of four new bank holidays in its 2017 manifesto showed that some claims about the negative economic impact of an additional day off were "entirely invented", they said.
The spokesperson said Mr Corbyn has not imposed a ban on shadow ministers attending games at Russia 2018 to match the official boycott by ministers and members of the royal family announced following the Salisbury poisonings.
However, they declined to say how the Labour leader would respond if invited to see England play in the final.
Categories:
Tags:
STUDENTS from St Mary's Primary School have been inspired by a man that is living life with no boundaries despite what would appear to be physical limitations.
Chris Koch was born with no arms or legs – a friend of St Mary's teacher Kelly McCormack – the Canadian man, 38, stopped in at Myrtleford last Tuesday to talk about their story.
Mr Koch's story is one that has taken them all over the world and as a motivational speaker they hope their experiences encourage others to live life to the fullest.
“My family could have treated my disability like a total tragedy but instead chose to take it all in stride and make the best of the situation,” they said.
“We all have our own story and challenges – mine is just more visible.
“Some things are out of our control you can let your story be an excuse or something else to make the most of life.
“The biggest thing I hope kids take away is to live life as positively as they can.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Notts County manager Kevin Nolan has heaped praise on Derby County striker Mason Bennett.
The 21-year-old moved to the Magpies on loan for the remainder of the season on transfer deadline day.
Bennett has made six first-team appearances for the Rams this season so far, including coming on as a substitute in the third round of the FA Cup against Manchester United last month.
The forward spent part of this season recovering from a knee injury, which they sustained in the 1-1 draw at Brentford in September.
Since they returned to fitness in late November, Bennett mainly featured for the Rams under-23 side, scoring twice in the Premier League 2 competition.
After Bennett completed their move to Meadow Lane, manager Kevin Nolan thanked Derby boss Gary Rowett for letting the player join them, and praised Bennett for wanting to go to the club.
(Image: Clive Mason/Getty Images)
Nolan told the club's website: "Gary (Rowett) has put a lot of trust and faith in us, which I am thankful for, but it says a lot when the player just wants to come here and be given the opportunity to play games.
"Mason has turned down good opportunities to go elsewhere because we are the club they wanted to move forward with. I'm delighted they have chosen us and I hope we can progress their career.
"You only have to look at them to see he's an athlete but we're not putting any extra pressure on him, we need to let them get on with their football and that is the most important thing.
"He has got every attribute to be a top player with the way they glide past people and theirs running in behind and we have to try and nurture that and get it out of him.
"He's a real handful because of their pace but they are also very clever on the ball. They will bring a lot and we are excited to be working with him."
The death toll at Grenfell Tower has risen to 17, police in London said.
An unknown number of victims remain inside the fire-ravaged building and rescuers no longer expect to find any further survivors.
London fire commissioner Dany Cotton said on Thursday morning that firefighters had done a brief search of all 24 floors but were not yet able to make a thorough search of the tower block.
“On the upper floors, there are still some very small pockets of fire remaining. Due to the nature of the building at the moment, we are not sending firefighters in there, because it is not structurally safe for them to go right out to the edges of the building now,” they told the BBC.
At least 17 people died in the fire, which swept through the 24-storey block in west London early on Wednesday morning, trapping many residents on upper floors as smoke filled corridors and stairwells.
Firefighters and police continued to search through the debris to retrieve bodies on Thursday morning but it is feared nobody from the top three floors of the tower made it out alive.
Thorough search
“Our plan for today, along with structural surveyors and the local authority, I have got my urban search and rescue team who are coming down to make an assessment of the building, to look at ways we can sure up the building to enable ourselves and the police to carry on the search in the building,” Ms Cotton said.
“There are still a number of floors that will require a thorough search for us to make sure there are no further people involved in this fire. However we do anticipate that on some of upper floors there may still be people involved in there.”
The search and rescue operation continued amid rising outrage over reports that the company which managed the block for the local Conservative-run council had ignored warnings from residents about the building's safety. Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Labour MP David Lammy described the fire as an outrage and called for arrests to be made.
”This is the richest borough in our country treating its citizens in this way. We should call it what it is, it's corporate manslaughter, that's what it is and there should be arrests made, frankly,” they said.
Critically ill
Prime minister Theresa May arrived at the scene on Thursday. They were surrounded by firefighters.
Queen Elizabeth said in a message that their thoughts and prayers were with those families who had lost loved ones and with the many people still critically ill in hospital.
They also paid tribute to the bravery of firefighters who risked their lives to save others. “It is also heartening to see the incredible generosity of community volunteers rallying to help those affected by this terrible event,” the queen said.
A FORMER Commissioner for Industry, Science and Technology in Abia State, Chief Henry Ikoh has berated what they termed the ongoing discussions on who should succeed the lawmaker representing Abia Central Senatorial District in the Senate, Chief Theodore Orji.
Ikoh, in a statement said the development was capable of engendering confusion and distracting those exercising the mandate given to them and were uncalled for.
Reacting to a publication in a national newspaper, where it was alleged that Senator Orji, was misrepresenting their people, Ikoh said the publication was an attempt to denigrate the person of the Senator.
They said: “The people, who massively voted Senator Orji in 2015 did so because they performed creditably as a governor by taking Abia State to the national scene through people-oriented programmes, policies and politics of inclusion.
“He is consistently impacting positively on the people they are representing through human capital development programmes, provision of social amenities and infrastructure.
”The most recent is the mega solar-powered pipe-borne water to Oboro community of Ikwuano LGA. Many people from indigent families are now happy graduates through the scholarship scheme of Senator T.A. Orji which is rated as one of the most massive in the country.”
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with their former hairdresser. Greitens said their resignation would take effect Friday. The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP Julie Smith
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Do you know this man?
Police believe they may have vital information about a shocking assault in which two officers had a wooden table top thrown at them.
The two PCSOs were patrolling Birmingham's New Street station when someone dropped the table top onto them from the gallery above at Grand Central.
But luckily, it narrowly missed them.
British Transport Police said if it had hit them, they would have suffered very serious injuries.
It happened at about 11.15pm last Thursday, April 19, as the pair walked along the concourse at the station.
A BTP spokesperson said: "A wooden table top was thrown at them in Birmingham New Street station.
"The large block of wood was dropped from above, at Grand Central.
"It narrowly missed them but, if it had hit them, would have caused serious injury."
Officers would like to speak to the man in the CCTV image as it is believed they may have information which could help the investigation.
Anyone who knows who they are is asked to contact BTP by calling 0800 40 50 40 or texting 61016 with reference 796 of 19 April.
The FBI is offering a reward of up to $20,000 for help in catching a serial Northern California bank robber nicknamed the “Khaki Bandit” for their habit of wearing tan pants.
The white man in their 20s or 30s is suspected of robbing 14 banks including the Westamerica Bank in Gualala in June, another branch in Glen Ellen in 2014 and Umpqua branches in Napa in 2013, 2014 and 2016.
In each robbery, they pulled a black pistol and demanded cash from tellers. They frequently have worn khaki pants, long-sleeved, zip-front shirts and jackets with a hat and black glasses.
Pictures posted on the FBI website show them with a gun in their hand and pointing a finger.
 They are considered armed and dangerous. Anyone with information is asked to call their local FBI office or 911.
You can reach Staff Writer Paul Payne at 707-521-5250 or paul.payne@pressdemocrat.com. On Twitter @ppayne.
European equities fell as investors grew doubtful the year-to-date rally could keep up its recent pace. A bond sell-off deepened across the continent, and equities dropped for a fifth straight day, the longest losing streak since November.
The price of oil took a tumble after the strong US dollar knocked back gains from the previous session, when a report showed Opec-led supply cuts were helping to counter rising US production.
On Wall Street, the S&P and the Dow Jones were headed for their worst week in two years yesterday, as robust US jobs data pushed up bond yields further and boosted chances of more interest rate hikes this year.
DUBLIN The Iseq market closed down 0.9 per cent, underperforming the London market but outperforming the major indices in Germany, France and Spain. Ryanair gave up more of its recently won ground, falling 1.7 per cent to €16.14, while building materials group CRH fell almost 1.9 per cent to €28.89.
Shares in IFG plunged after an unscheduled trading update in which it outlined plans to sell off one of its two UK businesses, with the stock down 17 per cent at one point. However, the share price recovered over the course of the day and closed down 2.9 per cent at €2.00.
Glenveagh Properties was among the fallers, closing down 3.25 per cent at €1.19, while Cairn Homes retreated 1.8 per cent to €1.92. Paper and packaging group Smurfit Kappa rose 1.5 per cent to €29.24 ahead of its full-year results next week.
LONDON The blue-chip FTSE 100 index closed down 0.6 per cent, its fourth day of straight losses, and suffered its worst weekly decline since late April last year.
BT Group shares hit a five-year low before paring losses slightly to close down 2.2 per cent, after the telecoms firm reported third quarter earnings.
AstraZeneca shares bounced back from an initial slide to lead the FTSE, up 3.1 per cent at the close, as analysts focused on stronger earnings despite 2018 guidance that came in below estimates.
Vodafone was a late gainer, ending the session up 2.4 per cent after it confirmed talks with Liberty Global about potential asset swaps in Europe.
Commodities stocks, which had supported the index early in the session, were the biggest weight by the close.
Shares in miners Glencore, Evraz, Antofagasta and Anglo American fell 2.3 to 4.3 per cent. Oil majors were also a drag. BP shares fell 2.4 per cent after Norway's Aker BP, in which BP holds a 30 per cent stake, reported earnings that missed forecasts.
EUROPE The Stoxx Europe 600 Index decreased 1 per cent, hitting the lowest point in a month after a week of consecutive losses. Germany's DAX dipped 1.3 per cent, hitting the lowest in more than four months with its fifth straight decline, while in France, the Cac 40 closed down 1.6 per cent, and the Spanish Ibex ended 1.8 per cent lower.
In Germany, Deutsche Bank dropped 6.6 per cent to €13.84 after disappointing results, while Volkswagen fell 3.26 per cent to €172.00.
NEW YORK All three major US stock indexes tumbled with the Dow seeing its worst percentage drop since June 2016 as climbing bond yields prompted a selloff in equities. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 665.75 points, or 2.54 per cent, to 25,520.96, the S&P 500 lost 59.98 points, or 2.13 per cent, to 2,762 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 144.92 points, or 1.96 per cent, to 7,240.95.
Amid a widespread sell-off, the biggest fallers were Apple, Visa and oil firms Exxon and Chevron.
Energy shares sank 4.1 percent as earnings disappointed and crude slumped. The tech selloff worsened, sending the Nasdaq 100 Index lower by 2.1 percent. Not even a record rally at Amazon. com Inc. could rescue the measure, as the world's biggest company, Apple Inc. hit its lowest since October. – Additional reporting: Reuters /Bloomberg/PA
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Big presence
Kieran Gibbs has only been at West Bromwich Albion a matter of weeks, but he's already got a pretty good idea who the main man in the dressing room is!
Gibbs has been made to feel welcome by all their new teammates since joining from Arsenal for £5 million at the end of August.
Likened unlikely
They were a goal scoring midfielder at the highest level as a player.
So the last person you might expect Kevin Nolan, and their managerial style at Notts County, to be likened to is West Bromwich Albion head coach Tony Pulis.
Leko talked up
West Bromwich Albion winger Jonathan Leko has wasted little time in winning over a new set of fans in Somerset.
The 18-year-old, currently away with England Under 19s, has been attracting rave reviews for their displays on loan at Bristol City.
Albion's gain
England's loss could well be West Bromwich Albion 's gain as far as Kieran Gibbs is concerned.
Gibbs could only watch from their settee on Thursday night, as England booked a place at next year's World Cup with a 1-0 win over Slovenia at Wembley.
Greg's going places
Grzegorz Krychowiak is beginning to showcase their abilities on a regular basis to West Brom fans.
By Tony Pulis' own admission, the Polish midfielder was a signing even the manager couldn't quite believe the club got over the line in the summer, such were Krychowiak's options.
Training exercise
Wast Hills, Compton, Bodymoor Heath... Palm Training Ground?
West Bromwich Albion have announced plans to change the name of their training base in Walsall to the same name as their principal sponsor Palm, which also appears on the team's shirts.
Man's game
There wasn't much to see as Republic of Ireland's U21s welcomed Norway U21s to Dublin for a Euro U21 qualifier last night.
Both defences were on top in the 0-0 draw at the Tallaght Stadium, though West Brom defender Shaun Donnellan in particular stood out at the back for the Boys in Green.
Please release me
Thomas Vermaelen, a defender West Brom were considering moving for this past summer, has explained that there was no chance of them getting a move away from Barcelona - as they had an astonishing €80m release clause that put potential suitors off.
Vermaelen, who has been at Barça since moving there from Arsenal in 2014, wanted to return to England as it was where they felt they had an opportunity of regaining regular football again, something he'd been starved of at the Nou Camp.
NEW YORK (AP) — Italian fashion house Dolce & Gabbana is thumbing its nose at critics with a new campaign and apparel urging a boycott of the company.
The company is selling T-shirts for $245 a piece that read (hash)BOYCOTT DOLCE & GABBANA. The shirts are listed on Dolce and Gabbana's website alongside a short film of Italian protesters wearing the shirts during a demonstration against the company.
Dolce&Gabbana boycotts itself. #BoycottDolceGabbana t-shirts available from tomorrow on our Online Store. Photo by Nello Esposito A post shared by Dolce & Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) on Jun 8, 2017 at 1:38pm PDT
Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana are among the protesters.
The shirts follow Instagram posts from co-founder Stefano Gabbana last month highlighting first lady Melania Trump's Dolce & Gabbana outfits during their recent overseas trip with President Donald Trump. In one of their posts , Gabbana called out “haters” and urged them to boycott the brand.
#Repost @stefanogabbana Boycott, boycott, boycott! Re-live the moments of #BoycottDolceGabbana The #BoycottDolceGabbana t-shirt is available on the Online Store tomorrow! A post shared by Dolce & Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) on Jun 8, 2017 at 1:36pm PDT
Dolce & Gabbana didn't immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The acting chairperson of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ibrahim Magu, has identified corruption as the reason behind Nigeria's recession.
They said the current economic situation of the country was why the federal government was paying a lot of attention to the recovery of stolen funds.
They maintain that the economic recession is caused by corruption,” Magu told Arise TV.
“About 90 per cent of the cause of recession is corruption, because there was fund and people stole the funds and kept them where they cannot be reached.
“If we can lay hands on this hidden wealth, we won't stay for more than three months in this recession. It is sufficient for us to get out of economic recession”, they added.
Magu advised those still holding looted money to voluntarily return such.
“I think they should just come out and approach the government and say, ‘this is what I have.' Our emphasis now is on the recovery of the looted fund. People should come out and give us full disclosure, we would go after it”, they added.
On possible amnesty for looters, they said, “I'm not sure of that. But we encourage recovery if you can voluntarily bring out this thing, disclose this thing. It is the government that would decide. We encourage people to come out and disclose the looted funds.
“They should cooperate with the government. They should come forward and declare what they have looted and the government will take its decision.
“Everybody must join in the fight against corruption. It's very necessary for the future of this country, for a better tomorrow.”
CREIGHTON UNIVERSITY LECTURE – ASIAN CULTURE WEEK – Maorong Jiang, Associate Professor of Political Science and International Relations, and the Director of the Asian World Center at Creighton; Audel Salazar, East-West Graduate Student “Official Religious Policy in China” and “Eye-Witness Reality of the Chinese Muslims: Practicing Islam in Communist China”
The Healing Hearts Ranch float in Wednesday's Fourth of July parade in Tumwater. Tony Overman toverman@theolympian.com
By Davies Iheamnachor
PORT HARCOURT: One person has been killed following an alleged attempt by some unknown bandits to assassinate the Amanyanabo of Okochiri Kingdom in Okirika Local Government Area of Rivers State, Their Royal Majesty, King Ateke Tom.
It was gathered that Ateke, who was a ex-Niger Delta Agitator, had visited Amadi-Ama in Port Harcourt for a traditional function when some armed youths invaded the area and shot sporadically in the direction where Ateke was.
A source alleged that in the process that a young man believed to be in the entourage of King Ateke was gunned down, adding that the King escaped the scene by the whiskers.
However, Ijaw Youth Council, IYC, has condemned the assassination attempt on Ateke, noting that the incident is capable of igniting fresh crisis in the region.
In a statement Wednesday in Port Harcourt, Comrade Samuel George, the Chairman of the Eastern Zone of the Ijaw Youth Council, IYC, pointed out that the Ijaw leaders are not happy over the development intended to take the life of the Amanyanabo.
George said: “We condemn the assassination attempt on the life of a prominent King of Ijaw land, HRM, King Ateke Tom. The leaders of Ijaw frown at it because it is capable of causing fresh crisis in the South-South region if not the peaceful disposition exhibited by the Okochiri monarch.”
According to George, Ijaws have suffered a lot as a result of violence in the region, adding that Ijaw people do not want any crisis in their land, even as they urged security operatives to fish out and prosecute the culprits.
“The Ijaws observed that attacks on King Ateke is one too many on the traditional institutions of the Ijaw nation. One a different occasion that Amanyanabo of Kalabari and Bonny monarch suffered similar attacks. These attacks are uncivilised and a calculated attempt to cause crisis in Ijaw nation,” George stated.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby have announced former England midfielder Frank Lampard as their new manager.
The Sky Bet Championship club have been looking for a new boss since Gary Rowett was prised away by recently-relegated Stoke and have pulled off a coup by landing Lampard.
The 39-year-old has signed a three-year deal at Pride Park as they take up their first managerial post since retiring in 2016.
Derby have been without a manager since Gary Rowett left to take over at Stoke last week, and Lampard has been an odds-on favourite with the bookmakers to fill the vacant position at Pride Park for much of that time.
The former West Ham and Chelsea midfielder, 39, is looking to take their first step into management after a glittering playing career and they confirmed over the weekend that they had been talking with the Rams.
“There's been interest from Derby and I've been speaking with them,” Lampard said as a BT Sport pundit during Saturday night's Champions League final coverage in Kiev.
They added: “I'm ambitious and I want to become a manager at some point. It's a big club, with a big tradition and a big history, which I really like. We'll carry on speaking when I go home, and we'll see.”
Those talks have resumed and Derby hope to be in a position to make an announcement this week.
Lampard, who was also linked with the vacant job at Ipswich, won three Premier League titles, four FA Cups, two League Cups, the Europa League and the Champions League during their playing career, as well as earning 106 England caps.
Derby finished this season sixth in the Championship but their promotion challenge was once again halted in the play-offs, losing to Fulham in the semi-finals.
Global Grind
Tyler, The Creator finally made their first appearance on NPR's Tiny Desk Concert series, and they were sure to make the appearance and the performance super special. The rapper is definitely always making up their own rules, so it's no surprise that Tyler's appearance was the first nighttime performance in the show's history. Apparently their team came in a day early to set up all of the colorful lights for the twinkling set. The history-making didn't end there: Tyler played versions of Flower Boy songs “Boredom,” “See You Again,” and “Glitter” with a live band for the very first time.
The former Odd Future frontman was very vocal about their usual hatred for hip hop music being played with a live band following this one-of-a-kind display. They said, “That was cool. I've only worked with like one band and I f***in' hated it. And I've always hated rap music with bands, because I want to hear 808s and s**t and not an Incubis f***in' kick drum. So I was always skeptical—especially with some of the drum sounds I use—how to use a band to my full potential. With the chords and the musical aspects of my music, you may think it would work, but sometimes it doesn't get the whole thought across. So I've always been hesitant to even approach it.”
They then compliments the band members that they performed with, and talks about how big of a deal it is that they finally found the courage to perform with live instruments. “I found these guys and they're really, really talented. We just meshed together and it actually just sounded really cool. Them being open to my ideas and stuff just made me say f**k it, and ‘Let's just do it. The fact that you saw me finally have the courage to be trash with a band just means a lot.”
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
What Happened When a Detroit Politician Rode the Bus to Work
Detroit transit is famous for all the wrong reasons. To get to the sprawled-out suburbs where the jobs are, people without access to a car have to make multiple transfers on routes operated by different agencies, often with long, long walks in between.
Despite recent campaigns to create a unified regional transit system, bus riders still face crushing obstacles to job access. A 2016 ballot measure to fund a cohesive bus network serving five counties failed by a razor thin margin of less than 1 percent. A similar referendum later this year could start to turn things around, but suburban officials are resisting plans to improve service and expand access to good transit.
To highlight the issue, Wayne County Executive Warren Evans (whose turf includes Detroit) recently rode the bus to a suburban job center 25 miles from the center city. Here's a recap of their journey, which included two painfully slow bus rides and a hike through knee-deep grass:
I took a bus trip from Detroit to a jobs center in Novi that requires two bus rides and a two-mile walk to my final destination. For me, this was an excercise but for too many of our fellow residents this is an everyday reality. The status quo isn't working. We have to do better, for workers and to drive investment and grow our regional economy. We need a real regional transit solution. #ConnectSEMichigan
Evans wrote on Facebook:
While Detroit media and business leaders have mostly come around to the idea of investing in better bus service, old guard suburban politicians have not.
Oakland County Executive Brooks Patterson, who built their political career out of white suburban racial animosity, has refused to put the transit measure back on the ballot in their county. They characterize transit as a handout, while they openly cheer for billions in state and federal aid to gouge wider highways through Detroit's inner suburbs.
[March 19, 2018] New Survey Finds Chinese Tourists Use Mobile Payments More Than Non-Chinese Tourists when Overseas
Nearly all Chinese travelers (91%) would be more willing to shop and spend at overseas merchants that accepted Chinese mobile payments, according to a new Nielsen report, jointly released by Nielsen and Alipay, which found that 93% of Chinese tourists would use mobile payment overseas if given the option. The findings, revealed in a new Outbound Chinese Tourism and Consumption Trends: 2017 Survey, will be discussed by Souheil Badran, president of Alipay, Americas during the "Retail and Ecommerce Innovation in China: Spotlight on Alibaba" session at Shoptalk on March 20th at 9:45am. The survey is the first of its kind and examines the latest trends in Chinese tourists' overseas travel and spending, and their use of mobile payment platforms when traveling. Additional findings include: About 65% of Chinese tourists that participated in the survey have used mobile payment while traveling overseas, compared with only 11% of non-Chinese tourists.
The majority (83%) of Chinese tourists would ask whether or not a local merchant supports mobile payments while abroad.
Shopping was ranked the number one category for Chinese tourists spending overseas (25%) over accommodations (19%) and dining (16%). Non-Chinese respondents ranked shopping third (15%) in favor of spending on accommodations (29%) and dining (18%). Statistics from the China National Tourism Administration show that Chinese tourists made 131 million trips overseas in 2017, an increase of 7% from 2016. The International Association of Tour Managers estimates that Chinese tourists spent $261.1 billion on overseas travel in 2016, up 4.5% from the prior year and ranking these tourists first worldwide in terms of spending on overseas travel. Alipay is China's leading online payment provider and the primarymeans of online and mobile payments for Chinese consumers. "As Chinese tourism grows at a rapid pace, these travelers are bringing their cashless lifestyle with them when they visit other countries," said Mr. Badran. "These results indicate that Chinese travelers are looking for merchants that accept familiar mobile payment methods and are ready to spend more shopping at those merchants that do. North American retailers and brands should consider the enormous sales opportunity available to them by offering Chinese-friendly mobile payments." Beyond an improved payment experience, Alipay offers a sophisticated marketing channel. Through Alipay, merchants are able to market to Chinese tourists before, during and after their visits, boosting exposure of their businesses among China's rapidly expanding overseas visitors.
To read additional findings from the Outbound Chinese Tourism and Consumption Trends: 2017 Survey, please click here. Survey Methodology In December 2017, Nielsen conducted an extensive quantitative online survey with 2,009 residents from Chinese mainland and 613 non-Chinese residents as its research subjects, all of whom had travelled overseas in the past 12 months and plan to travel overseas in the next 12 months. In terms of the respondents from the Chinese mainland, to guarantee the representativeness of the samples, the survey took random samples from residents aged 20-50 (referred to as the "post-70s," "post-80s" and "post-90s" generations) in first-tier cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen, second-tier cities such as Tianjin, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Chengdu, Chongqing, and Qingdao, and third-tier cities such as Jilin, Zaozhuang, Taiyuan, Zhuhai, and Shaoxing. The non-Chinese respondents in the survey were tourists from representative developed countries or regions (excluding Chinese nationals who were residing in those countries or regions). The data of non-Chinese tourists in the report was the sum of the statistical data of tourists from the countries or regions after weighing, which showed related values revealing a significant difference compared with the data of Chinese tourists. Nielsen also invited 12 tourists who had returned to Shanghai or Chengdu from their travel overseas for face-to-face in-depth qualitative interviews where they were asked about their feelings and experiences before and after their travels. About Alipay Operated by Ant Financial Services Group, Alipay is the world's leading mobile and online payment platform. Launched in 2004, Alipay currently has over 600 million active Chinese users and over 200 financial institution partners in China. Alipay has evolved from a digital wallet to a lifestyle enabler. Users can hail a taxi, book a hotel, buy movie tickets, pay utility bills, make appointments with doctors, or purchase wealth management products directly from within the app. In addition to online payments, Alipay is expanding to in-store offline payments both inside and outside of China. Over 40 million brick-and-mortar merchants now accept Alipay across China. Alipay's in-store payment service covers 40 countries and regions across the world, and tax reimbursement via Alipay is supported in 24 countries and regions. Alipay works with over 250 overseas financial institutions and payment solution providers to enable cross-border payments for Chinese travelling overseas and overseas customers who purchase products from Chinese e-commerce sites. Alipay currently supports 27 currencies. Follow us on Twitter (News - Alert) @antfinancial and @alipay. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319005721/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Kayakers report brush with possible great white shark; water reopened to public at noon Monday
Beaches at three state parks along the Gaviota coast were reopened Monday, two days after a shark encounter involving two kayakers led to them being closed, according to the California State Parks Department.
The closures — involving El Capitán, Refugio and Gaviota state beaches — barred people from entering the water, said Vicky Waters, the agency's deputy director for public affairs.
The original posting indicated the water would be closed for 72 hours, but that was shortened, Waters said.
“Our folks did a re-assessment of the area this morning, and the water recreation closure was lifted at noon today (Monday),” Waters said.
Two kayakers reported seeing the shark — believed to be a great white — in the water near Tajiguas, north of Refugio State Beach, on Saturday, Waters said.
The shark reportedly lifted one of the kayaks, but it did not overturn. The men returned to shore and alerted authorities to what had happened.
“Our protocol is to shut down the water at the beaches in these situations,” Waters said.
While visitors are prevented from going into the ocean, the parks and beaches themselves remain open, they said.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Hina On NOT Repeating Clothes On Bigg Boss
Hina says that it was conscious decision to not repeat clothes. They were quoted by News18 as saying, "It wasn't about nightwear, it was about wearing different clothes. I don't know what went in to my mind and I decided I don't want to repeat things in Bigg Boss. I did my bit and it kind of worked out for me. It was a wise decision to do what I did."
Hina Says…
When asked whether there was any reason for deciding the same, they said, "A lot of people tell me that I've this La La Land where I live. I want to live the way I want to, I want to dress up the way I want to. So it just came in my mind that I'm not repeating clothes, so I'm not repeating clothes."
Vikas Called Them Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham's Pooh (Kareena Kapoor)
Hina even says, "Vikas used to call me Pooh sometimes, you're like one Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham ki Pooh (Kareena Kapoor) - repeat nahi karungi clothes."
Hina On Khatron Ke Khiladi
Hina feels Bigg Boss game them a chance to show my fashion side. They were quoted by the entertainment portal as saying, "First Khatron, but Khatron was more of a sporty kind of show."
Bigg Boss Gave Them A Chance To Show Them Fashion Side
"Most of the time we used to wear sporty clothes. But Bigg Boss for that matter gave me a bigger platform where I could show people that we can look different, dress differently and it can look good on us."
A fire has damaged a new golf clubhouse on the grounds of the five-star Adare Manor hotel and golf resort in Co Limerick.
Eight fire engines in total were dispatched to the grounds to deal with the fire at 3.47am on Monday.
It is understood the fire caused serious damage to the clubhouse. The manor was not effected by the blaze.
A number of firefighters remain at the scene.
For the past 17 months Adare Manor being undergoing a major restoration, refurbishment and expansion works ahead of a planned re-launch in September.
In a statement commenting on the fire, Adare Manor said: “We would like to thank the local fire service for their prompt response, when they were called early this morning to put out a fire, which had started in part of the roof of the Club House terrace.
“The Club House, which is currently under refurbishment was unoccupied at the time and no-one was injured.
“It is not known what started the first but a review of the site will be conducted over the coming days. No other part of the resort was affected.”
The revamped Adare Manor when completed, will employ 350 people and welcome 60,000 visitors annually.
Expanded facility conveniently open six days a week to provide range of women's gynecological health services with minimal wait times
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Walk In GYN Care, the pioneer in express gynecological healthcare in New York City, has opened a second facility to meet the growing demand for its specialized services. The new flagship center, located in Astoria, Queens, is the most convenient choice for residents, students, and visitors who wish to see a gynecological professional for emergencies, check-ups, health testing, ultrasounds, birth control, and other services.
Prior to the availability of Walk In GYN Care centers, women with urgent gynecological needs, or those simply looking for prescriptions, tests or a checkup, would need to wait an average four to six weeks for an appointment to see a gynecology professional. Alternatively, they could visit a local emergency room, which typically entails many hours of waiting time, high deductible charges, and an eventual recommendation to follow up with a gynecological professional. Walk In GYN Care centers provide a more appealing choice by offering personalized women's gynecological care and procedures, typically covered by insurance plans, at convenient hours without the need for appointments or lengthy wait times.
"Getting a women's health checkup should be as easy as shopping. You have a problem, you walk in, you have it checked and walk out," said Dr. Adeeti Gupta, a nationally known gynecologist and founder of Walk In GYN Care. "When we opened our maiden center -- which was also the first-ever walk in facility for women's health -- in 2014, it was clear that there was a need for quality walk-in gynecological care. This was especially true in the case of immediate needs, without the wait times and high costs of hospital emergency rooms. We also provide more specialized treatment and advice from highly trained gynecological professionals that cannot be found at routine express care facilities."
Building on the success of Walk In GYN Care's Manhattan office, the new center in the hub of Astoria, Queens, offers clients compassionate care and attention with all the facilities needed for a gynecological checkup and effective treatment. The centers are conveniently open Monday through Friday from 8:00 am till 7:00 pm, and Saturday from 10:00 am till 3:00 pm. Both locations are easily accessible via mass transit.
Walk In GYN Care Locations
Manhattan
200 West 57th Street (7th Ave. and 57th St.), Suite 1104
Astoria, Queens
28-18 Astoria Boulevard
phone: (917) 410-6905
email: info@walkingyn.com
www.walkingyn.com
About Dr. Adeeti Gupta
Dr. Adeeti Gupta is an American Board Certified obstetrician and gynecologist in New York, with nearly 15 years of experience. Dr. Gupta has delivered hundreds of babies as an attending OB-GYN, and is known to their patients and colleagues as a compassionate, thoughtful and responsible physician. They were trained in the top ranking medical school and hospital in India, where they were always ranked as the top resident. After successfully completing their residency in New York, Dr. Gupta has been actively involved as a faculty member training OB-GYN residents to become outstanding physicians.  They are affiliated with Lenox Hill Hospital and Flushing Hospital.  They are now focusing on sexual health and wellness in women with a holistic approach.
About Walk In GYN Care
Walk In GYN Care is a growing network of women's Walk-in care facilities that cater to the urgent demand for exceptional, yet flexible, gynecological service in New York City and its suburbs. The centers are open on an extended schedule six days a week, providing compassionate care and attention for women who are unable to obtain urgent appointments with their regular physicians, or who may be visiting from outside the city. Services include ultrasound, Pap smear, contraception, early pregnancy evaluation, STI testing, and well-woman exams. For more details, visit www.walkingyn.com.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Darren Bent is an injury worry for Nigel Cough ahead of Burton Albion's visit to Aston Villa this weekend.
The 33-year-old joined the Championship strugglers on loan for the remainder of the season from Derby County in January.
Bent was unable to force their way into Gary Rowett's first team as a result of a lengthy spell on the sidelines, after suffering a hamstring injury during pre-season.
The striker is out of contract in the summer, and since returning to fitness their only action had come for the under-23s before they made the switch to the Pirelli Stadium.
In their first competitive outing since May 2017, the Rams loanee played for just over an hour on their debut in the Brewers' 3-1 home defeat to Reading.
Speaking ahead of the Brewers' away to trip Villa, Clough has said a couple of their players are a injury doubts.
Clough told Burton's club website: “Darren (Bent) took a bit of a knock when they went in on the goalkeeper. Lucas Akins flicked it on and they made a challenge and took a whack on the side where they have had hamstring problems so we will have to see how they are.”
“Lloyd's (Dyer) back stiffened up and they couldn't train on Monday. They aren't quite right to put out there on Tuesday and you have to be careful with backs as they can seize up again very quickly but we are hoping they will be OK.
“Apart from that we have a few niggles, Kyle McFadzean has an ankle problem they are carrying, but everyone should be OK.”
Bent will be hoping to shake off to niggle and be ready for Saturday's clash against their former side Aston Villa.
The guys argue about the differences between JAY-Z and Nas' investment strategies and the future of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin.
Subscribe via iTunes.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Fr. Josemaria on the role of miracles, healing and the entirety of Christ's life which is for our salvation.Ave Maria!Mass: Monday in the 2nd Week in Advent - Wkdy1st: isa 35:1-10Resp: psa 85:9-10, 11-12, 13-14 0Gsp: luk 5:17-26
Series on Airmaria Select Category Air Maria Series (9,726) Homily (5,664) Specials (111) St. Mary's, Baltic, CT (180) Mt. St. Francis (197) Griswold, CT (2,184) Perth, Australia (83) Shrine, La Crosse, WI (78) Lanherne Friars (46) Stoke-on-Trent, UK (29) Bloomington, IN (1,208) On The Road (5) St Johns, Bloomington (61) New Bedford, MA (568) Promo (15) Face of Pro-Life (156) Special Event (71) Immaculate Music (53) News (822) Fi News (385) AirMaria Updates (60) World Review (2) Roving Reporter (133) Vatican (21) Rome Reports (27) No Apologies (122) 10 Most Popular (16) Book Log (15) Variety (295) Ave Maria Meditations (1,302) Marycast (407) Marycast Specials (221) 5th Marian Dogma for Beginners (11) Historical Highpoints of Mary Coredemptrix (16) Our Lady of All Nations (26) Our Lady of Akita (5) OLO America (8) OLO Lipa (5) Queen of Angels (3) Vatican Council II (12) From the Web (318) Friar Tech (10) Mission Down Under (214) Live Events (18) Live Archive (4) Conferences (361) Behold Your Mother Conference (12) Amsterdam 2008 (18) Mariae Advocatae Causa (5) Relevance of Marian Coredemption (6) Our Lady of All Nations 2008 (7) Scotus Mariology, Durham 2008 (13) Coredm Greenwood 2007 (0) Coredm La Crosse 2009 (8) Coredm La Crosse 2010 (8) Newman-Scotus DC 2010 (17) OLO All Nations LI 2011 (3) Card Arinze RI 2011 (0) Courage Chicago 2011 (8) Queen of the Americas 2011 (1) Canon Law La Crosse 2011 (0) Ct Birthright 2010 (2) Short Conferences (2) Coredm La Crosse 2011 (6) Courage Emmitsburg 2012 (9) Courage Syracuse 2012 (0) Courage Chicago 2013 (10) Courage Philly 2014 (11) Courage Chicago 2015 (16) Priests Retreat 2015 (13) Fr Peter Symposium ND (13) Random Conferences (12) Priests Retreat 2012 (8) A Year of Faith in Mary (3) MIM Retreat 2012 (4) Conference for Mothers (3) 2nd Mens Leadership Conference (12) Heroic Virtue Conference (4) Lent 2016 Fr. Hollowell (3) Confidence in God (8) Penance Fr. Ignatius 2016 (0) Notre Dame MI 2016 (0) Spring 2016 Marian Day (3) Fr. Casey – Mercy, Jesus' Own Words (4) 8 Day Ignatian Retreat (25) Priests Retreat 2016 (3) Life Teen Leadership Retreat (1) Fatima 100 Years (5) Fatima Campbell 2017 (6) Catholic Schoolhouse 2017 (4) SPSE Retreat 2017 (6) Journey to God 2017 (7) Advent & Silence 2017 (3) Marian Shrines of the World (25) Fatima Reflections (9) A Day With Mary (200) Australia (63) UK (31) USA (3) FI Missions (8) Tour of the Catechism (80) Mariology for Everyone (40) Mary Now (63) Fatima Minute (16)
By David Odama
LAFIA – YOUTH from all the villages in Karu local government area of Nasarawa state Wednesday disrupted activities at various developmental projects embarked upon by a private developer in communities across the local government.
The youths numbering about over 100 marched from one end of the community to the other chanting songs and carrying placards with various inscriptions such as “weno go free, Almakura develop our community, our community is under develop” amongst others.
Vanguard gathered that the pace of work on various projects has been slowed down due to complaints from some persons from the community on the activities of the developer very
Mr Yusuf Mohammed, leader of the protesting youths said the youths were protesting because the developer has slowed down the pace of work and reduced the number of workers of the various projects, thereby affecting many youths in the village who were previously engaged and earned a living directly or indirectly from the projects.
They added that another aspect of the current situation that led to the protest is that the slow pace of work will affect the actual completion timeframe of the projects and delay commencement of economic activities in the community.
Mohammed who revealed that a recent visit by officers of Economic Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) allegedly instigated by the complainants may also have affected the pace work said youths in the community are in total support of the efforts of the developer which according to them will bring development and open the community to economic opportunities.
They however express worry that if complaints continue over the projects, the developer may stop the projects completely hence the protest to call on those kicking against the constructions to sacrifice their personal disaffection for the efforts of the private developer and embrace the general gains of the community when the projects are completed.
According to him, “I can tell you that this situation has made life difficult for us. We don't know when the matter will be resolved. Since this man started these projects, many of us have been working to feed our families and the project will help develop our community. So we are not happy with the current situation. That is why we are protesting,” They said.
In an interview with one of the private developer handling some of the projects, Alhaji Abdulhameed Mahamud-Zari said their company G-Complex Company is currently constructing an automobile plant, shopping mall, hospital, an asphalt road, a private university and boreholes in the community.
Also speaking to newsmen, Mr Ibrahim Yahaya, a representative of one of the developer who confirmed that the pace of work has reduced due to complaints from some persons revealed that before the current development, a total of 316 youths were employed by the company with about about 200 been indigenes of the community.
Yahaya who appealed to the youths not to take the law into their hands added that their protest showed how much they valued the efforts of the developer whom according to them is determined to transform the economic situation of the community despite the current setback and will re-engage them when all issues have been resolved.
“We are worried with this situation, but we know the matter will be resolved. We are in the community to develop it and not to create any havoc. So we are calling for urgent intervention from elders of Gundunma community, Emir of Keffi and other stakeholders to intervene in the situation and help resolve the crisis,” They said.
In a phone call interview with newsmen, one of the alleged complainant, Mr Abubakar Madaki denied been responsible for involving EFCC and kicking against the projects in the community, adding that they could not have kicked against efforts that will bring development to the community.
“I did not stop any project. Do i even have right to send any EFCC operative? It is a lie. So on the issue of me sending EFCC, i have gone to court to clear my name because i did not at any time send EFCC anywhere. I cannot stop any progress, They said.
Also speaking on the matter, Alhaji Gambo Abdulkadir, Village Head of the community confirmed to newsmen that they were aware of the conflict between the developer and some complainants including Abubakar Madaki but decline to give more details on who else is kicking against the projects and what efforts have been made to resolve the matter.
Abdulkadir who also confirmed that some farmers were not happy over the manner in which they acquired their farmlands despite paying them full compensation claimed not to be aware of the protest by the youths and called for calm while the matter is being resolved amicably.
According to him, “I can tell you that this situation has made life difficult for us. We don't know when the matter will be resolved. Since this man started these projects, many of us have been working to feed our families and the project will help develop our community. So we are not happy with the current situation. That is why we are protesting,” They said.
RAYNE - Sheila Boudreaux Richard and Richard Dupuis, both of Rayne, will be united as husband and wife during a one o'clock afternoon wedding ceremony on Saturday, Oct. 28, 2017, at the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary Catholic Church in Mire. A reception will follow at the American Legion Home in Rayne.
The bride-elect is the daughter of the late Bertha and Hampton Boudreaux Jr. of Rayne. Them grandparents were the late Agnes and Alexson Simon and Azelie and Hampton Boudreaux Sr., all of Rayne.
Sheila is a 1971 graduate of Rayne High School and is employed at First Presbyterian Church in Crowley.
The prospective groom is the son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Oclude P. Dupuis of Rayne. Their grandparents were the late Mr. and Mrs. Davis Arceneaux and Mr. and Mrs. Antoine Dupuis, all of Rayne.
Richard is a 1965 graduate of Rayne High School, attained a degree in drafting and design technology in 1981 from Southeastern Oklahoma State University, and is now retired.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va. (WAVY) — The Hampton Roads community is remembering a local doctor turned viral sensation for their voice.
Dr. Brandon Rogers is a doctor turned singer and they used their voice to connect to the world. Before they were able to step into the limelight on national television with their audition on America's Got Talent, Rogers was involved in a tragedy in Maryland. According to the police report, Rogers was a passenger in a car that veered off the road and crashed into a tree. They died Sunday from their injuries.
On Wednesday, celebrities along with doctors at Riverside Brentwood Medical Center, where Rogers worked, paid tribute to the talented doctor gone too soon.
Dr. Rogers spent almost one year as a resident at Riverside Brentwood Medical Center working under James Touchet, Program Director.
“We've all gotten those phone calls. My initial hope was that they were going to recover,” said Touchet. “We are very much missing them right now and he's left a hole in our hearts here that's going to take a while for us to get through and recover from.”
Family and friends describe the 29-year-old as gentle, humble and soulful.
Joy Elliott was Rogers' advisor. They say they are heartbroken by the news.
“We deal with sad things all the time in medicine, but to be a supervisor and to be faculty and to be in that position where your own heart is just broken and sad,” said Elliot.
They say at times, hard to keep it together and while they are no longer with us, those who love them say they left them with the greatest gift – their voice.
Dr. Rogers was invited to sing with Boyz II Men in Las Vegas. After learning of their passing, the group took to Instagram to remember the doctor writing, “Gone too young and gone too soon. It hurts to know that the world will never have a chance to witness what their impact on the world could have been as a doctor and even on the music world.”
Canadian Accused in Yahoo Hack Has Bail Hearing A Canadian man accused in a massive hack of Yahoo emails said Wednesday he'll live with their parents and forgo access to phones and any electronic equipment if he's allowed out on bail. Officials allege that Karim Baratov poses an "extremely high flight risk" because of their alleged ties to Russian agents. But their lawyer Amedeo DiCarlo said that Baratov has never been to Russia and they will not flee if freed on bail. Baratov arrived in court for their bail wearing a black shirt and sweat pants with their legs shackled. Their parents provided them with a dress jacket. "Flight risk is the issue," DiCarlo told reporters after arriving at the courthouse in a chauffeured Rolls-Royce. "We are going to have measures put in place so that is not going to happen." Baratov's parents have agreed to act as their son's sureties. Their father, Akhmet Tokbergenov, has agreed to turn off the internet in the family home if that's what the court requests. Baratov, 22, said they registered an internet business in 2014 that made about $81,000 ($110,000 Canadian) that year registering websites, renting webspaces and preventing web servers from hack attempts. They said they made less in in 2015 and 2016. They were not asked directly about the allegations against him. U.S. law enforcement officials call Baratov a "hacker-for-hire" paid by Russian Federal Security Service members. They have Kazakh origins, arriving in Canada in 2007 and becoming a citizen in 2011. Baratov was arrested last month and faces extradition to the U.S. The breach at Yahoo affected at least a half billion user accounts. They were indicted in the United States for computer hacking along with three other people, including two alleged Russian intelligence agents. Officials have said Baratov has the money to leave Canada and the ability to destroy evidence related to their alleged activities while on the run. Prosecutor Heather Graham said police seized about $22,000 ($30,000 Canadian) cash from their home and another $670 ($900 Canadian) from their wallet when they were arrested. Baratov said they had virtually nothing in their bank accounts and testified that they largely financed a string of luxury cars that included a Lamborghini Diablo, an Austin Martin and a Mercedes-Benz. They said half of the money they paid for the cars came from their parents. They also said half the $95,000 ($128,000 Canadian) down payment on a three-bedroom house came from their parents. Social media pictures of Baratov show them as an exotic car buff. Their Facebook and Instagram profiles were peppered with photos of cars. Graham noted that Baratov posted online that they travel to Russia often but Baratov testified they have never been to Russia and only posted that on behalf of a friend to get advice. In a scheme that prosecutors say blended intelligence gathering with old-fashioned financial greed, the four men targeted the email accounts of Russian and U.S. government officials, Russian journalists and employees of financial services and other private businesses, American officials said. In some cases using a technique known as "spear-phishing" to dupe Yahoo users into thinking they were receiving legitimate emails, the hackers broke into at least 500 million accounts in search of personal information and financial data such as gift card and credit card numbers, prosecutors said. The case, announced amid continued U.S. intelligence agency skepticism of their Russian counterparts, comes as American authorities investigate Russian interference through hacking in the 2016 presidential election. Officials said those investigations are separate. Alexsey Belan, one of the others accused, is on the list of the FBI's most wanted cyber criminals and has been indicted multiple times in the United States. It's not clear whether they or the other two defendants, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, will ever step foot in an American courtroom because there's no extradition treaty with Russia. The indictment identifies Dokuchaev and Sushchin as officers of the Russian Federal Security Service, or FSB. Belan and Baratov were paid hackers directed by the FSB to break into the accounts, prosecutors said. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Yahoo, Data Breach, Hackers, Cybercrime, Russia, Cyberespionage, Cybersecurity, Justice Department, Government, Wikileaks
THERE has been a sudden rise in the number of Twitter accounts in Southeast and East Asia. Many news outlets have reported on the phenomenon after Maya Gilliss-Chapman, a Silicon Valley based Cambodian tech noticed something odd with their account earlier this month.
Chapman said they gained 1,000 new followers since March – which prompted them to review the accounts. They found that they were new accounts, all of them, with barely any personal characteristics like a photo or a real name, and little to no activity on the platform.
Them fears were soon echoed by other prominent Twitter users in other parts of the region, in Thailand, Vietnam, Burma (Myanmar), Taiwan, Hong Kong, Sri Lanka – and even Indonesia. The phenomenon is now being referred to as “botmageddon”.
SEE ALSO: Zuckerberg says Facebook will work harder to block hate speech in Burma
Since elections are due in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia over the next two years, many are alarmed.
The parasite Twitterbot army is multiplying. pic.twitter.com/FbOL8jeDxD — Ben Paviour (@BPaves) April 10, 2018
Is there really a hidden agenda?
To Twitter, the issue of fake users is extremely sensitive. The company's main selling point is its number of active users, roughly 330 million – of which, in 2014, the company said only up to 8.5 percent are bots in a report to the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
In response to questions raised by users about the recent rise of bots in the area, the company told local media houses that engineers were looking into the accounts in question and will take action against any account found to be in violation of the Twitter Rules.
However, its spokespersons insist that the new users are organic.
All said and done, there is enough proof that activity on Twitter seems to be rising and more people are convinced that there's a hidden agenda – a political one no less.
With the 14th general election in Malaysia approaching (polling day falls on May 9), its citizens demand action. Reports of how fake accounts are tweeting in support of candidates in the country are surfacing as well.
SEE ALSO: ‘Irregularities' in electoral process deprive Malaysians of free and fair elections
However, the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC) has said that it will look into the activity of these accounts.
Social media experts are convinced that “action” by anyone other than Twitter authorities won't make much of a difference, and that the company needs to be made accountable for the activity on their platform – the creation, management, and authentication of users included.
If regulators in the region fail to get them to take appropriate action, maybe a US congressional hearing will.
According to a recent article on Bloomberg, US Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley – who originally sought to schedule all three major social media company CEOs before Zuckerberg became the focus of the inquiries – said this week they may seek testimony from Pichai and Twitter Inc.'s Jack Dorsey.
They sent them letters the day of the Zuckerberg hearing asking about their data privacy practices and actions to counter foreign interference in US elections. They told them they wanted answers by April 25. The bottom line is, the fears of netizens in Southeast and East Asia aren't baseless.
SEE ALSO: 3 world conflicts Facebook has been blamed for this year
Revealed: How they work out when Easter is
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Easter moves around on the calendar so there's always the question of when it will be in any given year.
The date is important not only for Easter's religious celebrations but because it helps determine Lent and also when Mothering Sunday or Mother's Day (the fourth Sunday of Lent) will take place.
In addition, many use the four-day weekend from Good Friday to Easter Monday as an opportunity to book holidays - and the earlier you do this, the better for prices and availability.
So when is Easter in 2018?
For 2018, Good Friday will fall on Friday, March 30.
Easter Saturday is March 31.
Easter Sunday or Easter Day - the main day of the Christian festival, marking the day Jesus rose from the dead - is on Sunday, April 1 (yes, the same as April Fool's Day).
And then Easter Monday is on April 2.
Good Friday and Easter Monday are both public holidays in the UK.
What about Greek Easter?
Whereas the Western Christian Church uses the Gregorian calendar and will celebrate Easter on the dates given above, the Eastern Orthodox Church uses the earlier Julian calendar to work out what's called Greek Easter or Orthodox Easter.
In some years - as happened in 2017 - the Western and Eastern dates for Easter are the same.
But in other years, the dates vary.
In 2018, Greek Easter will be a week later than Western Easter, celebrating Good Friday on April 6, Easter Saturday on April 7, Easter Sunday on April 8 and Easter Monday on April 9. None of those dates will be public holidays in the UK.
Why does the date of Easter change every year?
Although known today mostly as a time for eating chocolate eggs, Easter is a Christian celebration of the Resurrection of Jesus as described in the Bible.
The Gospels - accounts of the life, death and Resurrection of Jesus that are included in the Bible - place the date of the Crucifixion as Friday, April 3, although mention of an eclipse occurring on that day has created further debate.
The year of the Crucifixion has been worked out to be 33 AD by comparing with references to high priest Caiaphas, governor Pontius Pilate and emperor Tiberius Caesar, who all lived around the same time as Jesus.
So, if we know Jesus died on April 3, why is the date of Easter different every year?
It's because the last week in the life of Jesus - a period known as the Passion - includes a series of connected events that must fall in the right place on the calendar.
These include the Last Supper (on what's now known as Maundy Thursday) and the Crucifixion (on what we call Good Friday). That was followed two days later by the Resurrection, when Jesus rose from the dead (on Easter Sunday).
The Last Supper was at or around the time of Passover, the Jewish holiday celebrating the Israelites being freed from slavery in Egypt. Passover begins at the full moon.
Various early calendars used in different areas meant there was no consensus on the date of Easter until a group of bishops gathered at the First Council of Nicea in 325 AD to lay down rules on how it should be worked out.
They decided that Easter (meaning Easter Day or Easter Sunday) must always be a Sunday. It had to be the first Sunday following the full moon at Passover, the time of the Last Supper.
But because the full moon can fall on different days in different time zones, it was decreed that the date would always be taken as the 14th day of the lunar month, and it must always be the next full moon AFTER the Spring Equinox.
This is now called the Paschal Full Moon, and it can vary by two days from the actual full moon.
Once that date is known, then the Easter holidays can be given their place on the calendar.
Still confused? Then watch the video above.
It's worth adding that Passover itself is based on the Jewish calendar, which is different to the Gregorian calendar used by the Christian Church to work out Easter.
Every two or three years, a 13th month is included in the Jewish calendar and this can lead to Passover actually taking place after Easter, as happened in 2008.
Should it make a difference to investors if a company is owned by its founder? You might argue that a founder-owner would have a deeper interest in the long-term success of their or their corporate creation. Or perhaps having the owner hanging around the management board would inhibit risk taking. But here's the strange thing: as far as I've been able to establish, no studies have ever been done asking if founder (as distinct from family) ownership is a factor in the share performance of various companies. So my colleague Viktoria Lyttkens and I spent six months looking into it – and the results are quite remarkable.
We examined 347 companies listed in Stockholm, where we both live, and studied their performance from 2002 to 2010 – a period that takes in good times and bad. And the conclusion: the shares of the companies that were at least 10 per cent owned by the founder performed on average eight per cent better per year than the rest of the companies. That is an over-performance that makes a huge difference in the long run. Even when adjusted for industry affiliation and for the proportion of small companies and value companies, our findings remain true and are statistically significant.
So why should this be? It's hard to say for sure, but we have a few suggestions.
A founder is usually keen on the survival and prosperity of the company in the long run. They often treat the company as their baby and wants it to do well, so younger generations of their family will one day be able to take over. A founder generally knows the company to a depth unrivalled by other owners.  They are also likely to have a deep knowledge of the industry and probably have a lot of personal contacts within the business. These things are likely to be beneficial when finding suitable board members, a CEO and other people in key positions in the company. Another thing that probably can't be underestimated is the founder's ability to serve as a transmitter of culture. Besides this, a founder that is a major owner of a listed company is often likely to have a big portion of their own wealth invested in the firm: a good incentive to really endeavor. So, the founder probably has the experience, motivation, long-sightedness and drive to create value more than less devoted owners like institutions.
This raises a fascinating prospect. If the same theme holds true in UK and US companies, then identifying those that are at least 10 percent founder-owned might be an effective and cheap way of beating the market. Indeed, Warren Buffett seems to have been using partly a similar formula.
Their holding company Berkshire Hathaway owns listed equities as well as mainly wholly owned subsidiaries. These subsidiaries make up a large part of Berkshire's net asset value. These companies have often been acquired from the founder who passes on ownership but continues to work for the company they founded. In this way, Berkshire Hathaway has been the owner of many subsidiaries which have benefited from having their dedicated founders still being involved. That is possibly one reason for Berkshire's long-term success.
So is this a formula that can be adopted by individual investors? Certainly: just identify some new companies, establish who the founder is and see if they or they own 10 percent. It won't be a magic bullet – nothing in investment ever is – but it could well be a factor to consider.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - A judge is expected to decide this week whether disturbing audio recordings, in which millionaire developer Louis Bianculli admits to drugging and assaulting their stepdaughter, can be used as evidence in their trial.
“She used to pass out so fast it was weird,” says Bianculli of sexual abuse they allegedly afflicted on their stepdaughter beginning when they were just 12 years old. “I checked if their heart was still beating. That's neck pressure point thing, a lot of people got off on it sexually. You get a rush from it.”
Prosecutor says Bianculli sexually assaulted and tortured the girl for more than six years, knocking them out with chloroform, pressure point techniques, and bags over their head.
They say they also performed “surgeries” on them during which they would use insulin needles to suck the fat out of their stomach and inject it into their breasts. Police said Bianculli used a kitchen filet knife to make small cuts on the victim's stomach and sides. The abused lasted until 2013, police said. They were arrested in 2015.
Numerous other women have also made allegations of similar abuse against Bianculli dating back 50 years, with one saying the abuse began when they were just 10 years old.
“It's strange, it's weird, it was like being a drug addict,” said Bianculli of the abuse on the tapes. “What the f—k is wrong with me? I don't have a thing for children.”
The recordings were made by Bianculli's ex-wife, Jill Bianculli, with the authorization and assistance of the Lighthouse Point Police Department. But now the recordings, which form the heart of the prosecution's case, are in danger of being thrown out of court. Defense attorneys argued in a court hearing Monday the recordings should be thrown out due to “chain of custody” issues.
A blow to the prosecution came with Broward Circuit Judge Michael Usan's controversial ruling months ago to exclude Jill Bianculli – whose daughter is the victim in the case -- as a witness from the case when they refused to hand over their own private mental health records.
With their testimony was stricken from the case, Louis Bianculli's attorneys – Jane Weintraub and Herb Cohen -- argue that the tapes they made should also be jettisoned. The attorneys also argued that the tapes should be thrown out due to chain of custody issues with the Lighthouse Point Police Department.
On Monday Cohen questioned Lighthouse Point police Detective Jason Caruso about the recordings, claiming that someone might have gotten into their locked desk and tampered with them.
Caruso said no such tampering ever took place.
More witnesses and testimony are expected Tuesday in the case.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Two women, both 58, are dead after a head-on collision between a sedan and an SUV east of Navan on Tuesday morning.
"Unfortunately, both of the drivers who were alone in the vehicle are deceased," said Staff Sgt. Danyluk with Ottawa Police.
Emergency crews were called to Colonial Rd. near Canaan Rd., in Sarsfield, at about 10:30 a.m. Paramedics said the victims were pronounced dead at the scene. A dog was in one of the vehicles also died in the crash.
An air ambulance was initially requested for transport, but was called off.
People in the area warn of at least two winding turns on Colonial Rd. where the collision took place. One resident told CTV that some vehicles pass so close together the drivers' side mirrors will be torn off.
Another resident, Marlene Potvin, said the roads in the area all well maintained but speeding can be an issue.
"I think some of them drive too fast for the roads... it's pretty straight but there are curves in the road, you don't drive too fast you're okay," Potvin said.
Police did not comment on the cause of the collision. The investigation is ongoing.
Colonial Road remained closed for several hours between Canaan and Birchgrove.
ATLANTA (AP) — Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night.
Forecasters warned that the storms could threaten more than 29 million people, raising the risk of powerful tornadoes, damaging winds and hail the size of tennis balls.
Cities in northern Alabama reported power outages, and the National Weather Service in Huntsville reported at least three confirmed tornadoes in the area.
In Limestone County, an Alabama county on the Tennessee border, the sheriff's office posted photos online of houses with roofs ripped off and outbuildings torn from their foundations.
Several roads were closed because of power lines or trees, the office tweeted. But it had no reports of injuries from the storms.
The athletic director at Jacksonville State University said late Monday there was significant damage to the campus.
“I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum, but The Pete is not completely destroyed,” Greg Seitz said in a tweet.
Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward.
Forecasters said the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes, some of which could be intense. The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches (7.5 centimeters) in diameter could fall, and there's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph (115 kph).
“The potential for strong to violent, long-track tornadoes is a real possibility,” Alabama state meteorologist Jim Stefkovic said at a news conference.
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama's emergency management agency. The storms are the first severe weather to threaten the state this year.
School systems from central Tennessee as far south as Birmingham, Alabama, let out early, hoping students and staff would have time to get home before the storms moved through.
The threatened storms come one day before the official start of spring, and are “by far the most impressive setup we've seen so far this year,” said Kurt Weber, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Huntsville, Alabama.
“We can't rule out a strong tornado east of Interstate 65 at this point with all the ingredients coming together,” Weber added. “Hopefully not, but definitely a possibility.”
They said golf ball to tennis ball-sized hail, which can do serious damage to buildings and cars, was possible.
“This is one of those days you want to put the car in the garage if you can,” Weber said.
Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey urged Alabamians to implement safety plans and get in a safe location.
“We are not taking the situation lightly,” Ivey said. “Severe weather is unpredictable and that is why it is paramount we prepare ahead of time.”
The University of Alabama suspended operations Monday from 6:30 p.m. to midnight, meaning classes and campus activities were cancelled, libraries closed and shelters were opened on campus.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Between the West Midlands Mayoral election last month and the General Election last week there was a massive change of fortunes for the Conservatives and Labour.
Birmingham in particular has always had strong Labour support, but in the mayoral election the Tories appeared to be making ground – so expected victory in the Edgbaston and Northfield constituencies come the General Election.
The West Midlands mayoral vote correctly indicated the return to two-party politics as Tory Andy Street and Labour's Sion Simon took more than 42 and 41 per cent of the vote respectively. In Birmingham the split was 46 per cent Labour and 36 per cent Conservative.
Defeated Labour candidate Sion Simon claimed Jeremy Corbyn's leadership was a liability, that the Labour leader's links with the IRA and Hamas, opposition to the nuclear deterrent and a more open immigration policy, played badly on the doorsteps and cost them the election.
But by June 8, Labour's fortunes had dramatically turned and the party took 62 per cent of the vote in Birmingham on a much higher turnout. MPs like Liam Byrne and Roger Godsiff enjoyed unprecedented 30,000-plus majorities.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
Many Labour campaigners and politicians who doubted Jeremy Corbyn's electability are, in the words of Yardley's Jess Phillips, eating humble pie now.
But while there were contrasting results over the two polls – the reasons the expected winners failed to deliver are eerily similar.
In Sion Simon and Theresa May there were leadership candidates who were way ahead early in the campaign and seemed, at least from the outside, to believe all they had to do was turn up to win.
The Labour mayoral candidate was nicknamed Submarine Sion because they did not attend a great many hustings debates – although they did show up for the main TV and newspaper events. They said they were better off meeting real people on the campaign trail. How similar was that response to the one of Theresa May after they ducked out of the leaders debates.
Both also relied heavily on key slogans which are deliberately designed to be vague – “take back control”, a message half-inched from the EU Referendum campaign, was Sion's ‘strong and stable'.
You sort of know what it means, but the politician can't be held to account for it.
But perhaps where both floundered most of all is that they faced incredibly positive campaigns from their chief rivals.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
Millions rushed to register for General Election 2017 - but half need not have bothered
While there was much crossover between the mayoral manifestos, Andy Street presented, albeit with the help of a £1 million campaign, an upbeat message about jobs, transport and housebuilding and was relentless in putting that out. They targeted key areas which were ripe for their message – Solihull and Dudley in particular and secured enough support to just about overturn Labour's advantage.
The Sion Simon campaign spent too much time complaining that the West Midlands had a raw deal and how they would fight for more money and power.
And at a national level it was Labour who put out a shopping list of attractive policies and Jeremy Corbyn sold them relentlessly at their packed out rallies.
There has been much written about Theresa May's campaign – that the presidential style only works for charismatic individuals, that it was too light on policy and too vague on answers to the direction of Brexit.
Unlike our mayoral battle, the general election was also a highly negative campaign in which Corbyn was relentlessly and personally attacked and this proved counterproductive.
Questioning their competence amid the disastrous handling of the ‘dementia tax' debacle was a mistake. Labour's Corbyn and Diane Abbott might have hilariously forgotten their numbers in interviews, but the Prime Minister was changing policy from one press conference to the next.
They would hate the comparison but both Andy Street and Jeremy Corbyn have proved that simple positive messages, delivered with enthusiasm can still make a difference.
Suffragettes would be turning in their graves
Despite it being the 21st century, female councillors in Birmingham found themselves having to get the permission of their male colleagues to speak and vote on a hot topic of the day.
The debate was on the ‘Waspi' campaign which is challenging the unfair way the state pension age for women is being raised to 65.
Women born in the 1950s are badly hit and are calling for a more gradual introduction.
One of those is Cllr Fiona Williams (Lab, Hodge Hill) who was informed they could not speak as they have a direct pecuniary (financial) interest.
There are several female councillors of a similar vintage and all faced being gagged.
So the council lawyer said a special dispensation could be allowed if a councillor moved it.
The first knight in shining armour was John Alden (Cons, Edgbaston) – but they were told to sit down as they had a pecuniary interest through their wife and fellow councillor Deirdre (Cons, Edgbaston).
Finally council leader John Clancy stepped up and did the deed. Cllr Williams later said: “I never thought I'd need the permission of a man to let me speak in this day and age.”
Portland Ore – With perhaps 1 million people expected to visit Oregon and pack the roads for the solar eclipse, Crews with Life Flight are making plans on how to deal with any medical emergencies that will arise throughout the day. Life Flight will have additional aircraft and crews ready and positioned throughout the state. They will be focusing on those areas located in the path of totality.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
B&M has reported a sharp rise in full year profits as cash-strapped consumers continue to flock to the discount retailer.
The group posted a 25.4% increase in pre-tax profit to £229.3 million in the year to March 31, with revenue jumping 22.4% to £3 billion.
Soaring inflation caused by the collapse of the Brexit-hit pound has pushed up the price of everyday items for hard-pressed shoppers and, in these conditions, B&M has thrived.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Boss Simon Arora said: “The B&M model is highly relevant for the current difficult economic environment, with its strong position in the value and convenience areas of retailing where physical stores are winning.
“The business is well placed for continued profitable, long-term growth. In a retail sector beset by structural challenges B&M's unique, disruptive model stands out as a success story.”
B&M also described first quarter trading as “pleasing”, with the group booking a 3.1% increase in like-for-like sales so far.
Last year B&M, which is chaired by former Tesco boss Sir Terry Leahy and mainly sells general merchandise, splashed out £152 million to take over Heron Food Group, which also boosted the group's numbers.
“B&M has delivered another set of strong results by doing what we do best, which is providing great value week-in, week-out on the things customers buy regularly for their homes and families,” Mr Arora added.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Argyllshire Advertiser – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Eight young girls from Mid Argyll Athletic Club travelled to Perth to take part in the National Under 12 Super teams outdoor championships.
The local club entered two girls teams in a competition which attracted 48 teams from all parts of Scotland.
The girls A team, which consisted of twin sisters Jemma and Jorja MacDonald from Lochgilphead, Ruby Dunlop from Ardrishaig and Beth Johnstone from Tarbert, finished 31st overall. All four girls contributed valuable points, with Jemma excelling in the 75 metres sprint recording a time of 12.65 seconds. Jorja was the top Mid Argyll girl in the long jump reaching 3.03 metres and also had a respectable 10.55 metres throw with the 500g turbo javelin.
The girls B team finished ahead of the A team in 28th overall, mainly due to an excellent 14.25 metres javelin throw by Sophie Balkeen. This throw ensured fifth place overall for Sophie out of almost 200 girls and the points gained allowed the B team to finish above the A team. The team finished only half a second ahead of the B team in the 4 x 100 metres relay. The B team consisted of Maisie Gilmour and Jodie Allan from Ardrishaig, Sophie Balkeen from Lochgair and Erin Naisby from Furnace.
The girls contest was won by Law and District.
This national competition was a great experience, not just for the young athletes competing in the big arena, but also for the supportive parents who provided transport on the day.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The final Brexit deal would be "too big" to be left to a vote, the letter says
More than 30 Welsh politicians are calling for a second public vote on the final Brexit deal.
A group of mainly Labour MPs, AMs and council leaders say the final deal will be "too big" to be left to a vote in the UK Parliament.
The UK government is refusing to hold a second referendum.
Labour MP Stephen Kinnock did not back the letter, saying that arguing to reverse Brexit would forfeit their right to have a voice in shaping it.
The letter puts further pressure on Labour's UK leadership to shift Brexit policy.
Westminster officials and ministers are currently negotiating Brexit with their counterparts in Brussels, with the UK set to leave the EU on 29 March, 2019.
In line with the formal two-year timetable for the Brexit talks, the UK and the EU are planning on reaching a deal in the autumn, which will then be voted on by MPs in parliament.
An open letter, co-ordinated by anti-Brexit campaign group Wales For Europe and signed by 31 senior Welsh politicians, urges "everyone in Wales of goodwill, from all parties and none, to stand with us in calling on our MPs to pledge their support for a people's vote on the final Brexit deal."
Image caption Welsh Government local government secretary is among those who have signed the letter
The letter said: "Will it be the right deal for the people of Wales and the rest of the UK? Will it secure a good future for our young people and allow them to thrive? Will it help protect and grow the number of well-paid, highly-skilled, jobs that Wales needs?"
It is signed by eight council leaders, two of Wales' four MEPs, and 12 of the 40 Welsh MPs, including Owen Smith who was fired as shadow Northern Ireland secretary by Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn for calling for another EU referendum against party policy.
Welsh Labour MPs Anna McMorrin and Tonia Antoniazzi have signed the letter despite being shadow parliamentary private secretaries who are expected to follow the party's line.
Nine AMs have also put their name to the letter, including Plaid Cymru Leader Leanne Wood and the Welsh Government's Local Government Secretary Alun Davies.
Mr Davies accused the UK government of being in chaos and said they had no trust in its "ability to bring back a deal that will meet the needs of the people of Wales".
"That means the people of Wales have to have the opportunity to vote on what the UK government does bring back", they said.
Image caption Stephen Kinnock did not sign the letter
First Minister Carwyn Jones has consistently said that they do not want to re-run the referendum campaign and that Wales and the UK should respect the will of the public vote.
Asked to clarify the Welsh Government's position on a second vote, a spokesperson said: "The First Minister's priority remains securing the best deal possible for the people of Wales and the UK."
The Labour MP for Aberavon, Stephen Kinnock, was asked to sign up to the letter but refused.
Mr Kinnock added: "I've been campaigning for an EEA-based Brexit solidly for over 18 months. If I were to now start supporting a campaign that's designed to reverse Brexit before 29 March then the credibility of my EEA arguments would be fatally undermined.
"By arguing to reverse Brexit I would effectively be forfeiting my right to have a voice in shaping it."
In a recent lecture for the campaign group 'Wales For Europe', the Welsh Government's lead on Brexit Mark Drakeford said a referendum "is only one way in which the acceptability or otherwise of such a final deal could be tested".
But they added that "now is not the moment to be over-definitive about the nature of the question that we would pose at such a point nor the way in which that question would be resolved".
Trinidad's home store has a new owner by Joy Gipson TRINIDAD — Colorado Floors & Blinds held its grand opening and Trinidad Las Animas County Chamber of Commerce ribbon cutting on Friday, September 29. New owners Lutton Dawes and Carole Bourdo are excited to carry on servicing Trinidad and the surrounding area after acquiring the
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Justin Bieber has triggered a frenzy among their fans by announcing that they are about to release new music.
The Canadian heartthrob - who recently cancelled the rest of their Purpose world tour - posted messages on their Twitter and Instagram accounts announcing: "New music. Thursday noon."
Bieber, 23, posted artwork showing two birds holding a smiling worm, entitled Friends, which is thought to be the name of the new track.
The star's latest offering is a collaboration with producer BloodPop.
Bieber's fans - dubbed Beliebers - have not been able to contain their excitement.
(Image: Sean Hansford)
"OMG YESSSSSSSSSS I AM SO EXCITED!!!!" one person wrote on Instagram.
"It's gonna be lit as always," predicted another.
Another follower tweeted a picture of Bieber with a crown on their head alongside the caption: "Legend."
Earlier this month Bieber told fans they had called off their remaining tour dates in part because they wanted to have a "sustainable" career and future.
The singer had been touring in support of their album Purpose for 18 months, playing more than 150 shows, but axed the final 14 scheduled performances.
Pouring out their heart in an open letter posted online, they said: "Me taking this time right now is me saying I want to be SUSTAINABLE.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"I want my career to be sustainable, but I also want my mind heart and soul to be sustainable.
"So that I can be the man I want to be, the husband I eventually want to be and the father I want to be."
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - NewVoiceMedia, a leading global provider of inside sales and contact center technology that helps businesses sell more, serve better and grow faster, has been awarded Corporate Vision's 2017 UK Technology and Software Top 10 Award for its ContactWorld solution.
ContactWorld is a multi-tenant intelligent communications platform that enables sales and service reps to have more successful conversations with their customers and prospects worldwide. Core contact center functionality such as omni-channel contact routing, self-service IVR, automated outbound dialing, screen pops and instantaneous CRM updates are provided with proven 99.999% platform availability.
Jonathan Miles, Chief Editor at Corporate Vision, a monthly magazine dedicated to all aspects of the corporate landscape, commented, "Corporate Vision's UK Technology and Software Top 10 is our look at the most innovative and leading firms from across this competitive sector. These awards are designed to showcase the individuals and firms we believe have truly taken the sector by storm, through their drive, determination and dedication to product innovation. We're delighted to recognize these pioneers and showcase their expertise to our international readership."
The award closely follows several other victories for NewVoiceMedia including recognition in Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 EMEA program and Softech International's Leading Experts in Tech Awards, and further validates the company's position as a leader in the cloud communications industry. NewVoiceMedia now serves more than 650 customers worldwide, including PhotoBox, MobileIron, Lumesse, Vax, JustGiving and Canadian Cancer Society.
"We are delighted to have won Corporate Vision's UK Technology and Software Top 10 Award for our ContactWorld solution," said Jonathan Gale, NewVoiceMedia CEO. "Our cloud contact center and inside sales platform is transforming the experiences that sales and service professionals offer their customers and prospects, ensuring every interaction is unique and personalized. This award is further testament that our solutions really are best-in-class and we're really pleased to have been formally recognized."
Miles added, "I would like to congratulate NewVoiceMedia on its Ones to Watch: UK Technology and Software Top 10 award win. It is great to see that this firm has excelled in the industry and to hear about how NewVoiceMedia's cloud software joins up communication channels to uncover the facts that help resolve a customer issue or make a sale. I wish them every success for the future."
For more information about NewVoiceMedia, visit www.newvoicemedia.com
About NewVoiceMedia
NewVoiceMedia's cloud contact center and inside sales platform delivers more successful conversations.
The leading vendor's award-winning customer contact platform helps organizations worldwide build a more personal relationship with every customer or prospect. It joins up all communications channels without expensive, disruptive hardware changes and plugs straight into your CRM for full access to hard-won data. With a true cloud environment and proven 99.999% platform availability, NewVoiceMedia ensures complete flexibility, scalability and reliability.
NewVoiceMedia's 650+ customers include PhotoBox, MobileIron, Lumesse, Vax, JustGiving and Canadian Cancer Society. For more information, visit www.newvoicemedia.com or follow NewVoiceMedia on Twitter @NewVoiceMedia.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo, right, reacts after Referee Ricardo de Burgos shows a yellow card during the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona, Spain, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Manu Fernandez AP Photo
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Our upcoming special broadcasts starting on:
WED | Dec 6
10 AM “Turning Pages: Waves of Joy” Pulitzer-winning Jennifer Egan, on their new book, Manhattan Beach, one of the NY Times' 100 Notable Books of 2017.
THU | Dec 7
8 AM “Pieces of Peace” Drs. Mary and Ron Hulnick discuss their new book Remembering the Light Within.
9 AM “Art Scenes” Andrew McGuire, on making The San Francisco Opera successful.
FRI | Dec 8
11 AM “Reveal” In partnership with Tampa Times and Texas Standard: Where Criminals Get Their Guns.
4 PM “The French Touch” Today, mostly soft, mostly sensual, mostly… but entirely in French.
SAT | Dec 9
7 AM “Morning Glory” Classical music in the morning.
SUN | Dec 10
9 AM “Sunday Celebration” Celebrating with medieval music.
8 PM “Rock of Ages” Deep tracks from the '60s, then the local band Jonesy live.
MON | Dec 11
10 AM “Turning Pages: At Nature's Pace” Mountains and Marshes: Exploring the Bay Area's Natural History.
TUE | Dec 12
4 PM “Youth DJ Project” “There Are Birds Here”, environmental issues with Lily and Cyrus.
WED | Dec 13
10 AM “Magic Lantern” Sharp and savvy film interviews with Sally Phillips.
4 PM “Youth DJ Project” Lola and Kaia light up the mic.
The Fabricated Products Division (FPR) of H.C. Starck announces the introduction of its technology metals for high energy physics projects like particle acceleration. Particle accelerators are designed to speed up and collide sub-atomic particles like protons or electrons to break them into smaller, fundamental particles with the goal of understanding the physical laws of the universe.
We at H.C. Starck are excited that our technology metals are advancing physics and the search for answers to questions being explored by the scientific community. It is of upmost importance to us to collaborate with our customers to develop materials solutions using the latest in cutting-edge technology to assist with these projects. Andreas Mader, CEO, Fabricated Products Division, H.C Starck
Tungsten alloys from H.C. Starck are used as beam collimators and shields inside the particle accelerator. H.C. Starck's niobium and tantalum refractory metals have unique properties that make them the primary choice for superconducting material to create the electromagnetic fields that steer and propel the charged particles to very high speeds.
H.C. Starck offers extrusion services to produce large diameter superconducting wire bundles employed in particle accelerators. H.C. Starck has supplied fabricated products including tungsten slugs used in the FCAL Section of the Atlas Detector of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC).
Journalism is years behind other professions in how it deals with trauma. So this week, coinciding with Mental Illness Awareness Week, CJR is publishing a series of stories from members of the journalism community who've dealt with mental health, illness, or treatment. We asked each journalist the same two questions: 1) What has been the toll of the profession on your mental health, and how do you manage it? and 2) How can the industry work to better address the stigma still surrounding mental illness within the journalism community?
The final dispatch, from journalist and author Jan Wong, is below. It's been edited for length and clarity.  They are a journalism professor at St. Thomas University and the author of five books, including Out of the Blue: A Memoir of Workplace Depression, Recovery, Redemption and, Yes, Happiness, which chronicles their struggles with workplace-related depression. We're publishing firsthand accounts throughout the week. Special thanks to our friends at BuzzFeed who inspired this series.
On their personal experiences:
Normally I thrive on adrenaline and deadlines and pressures. In my case, clinical depression was triggered by a backlash from the public about a story (in 2006) about racism in Quebec. What I said (in the article) was Quebec has a tradition of racial purity, and they have a term for it called “pure laine,” which means “pure wool” and jargon for “pure blood.”
ICYMI: NYTimes reporter gets candid about emotional toll of covering Trump
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
I was deluged with hate mail. [This was] before Twitter and before Facebook became very popular. It was basically email and snail mail. I got death threats. I got my book sent to me, sawn in half with a power tool. That was the trigger (for my depression). So I started becoming very anxious, very frightened. But what really plunged me under was the behavior of my newspaper (The Globe and Mail). They decided what I wrote about Quebec was a problem because, at the time, our ownership was a phone company, Bell Canada. So very uncharacteristically, the publisher got involved in the story and launched an investigation into it. My editors were very puzzled as to what they were investigating because there were no corrections. There was nothing wrong. But the article attracted huge interest. The prime minister wrote a letter attacking me in The Globe and Mail; so did the premier of Quebec. There was a vote taken in Parliament to unanimously denounce me.
When I started becoming really sick, I had no experience with clinical depression. I said I needed time off from work, and that's when this huge battle erupted with my employer, [which] did not believe that I was sick. And it went on and on, and I got worse and worse. A reporter has only their credibility, and when your own newspaper thinks you're lying, you really feel terrible. I had psychiatrists evaluate me and write reports, and they affirmed I had severe clinical depression. In the end, my newspaper ordered me back to work. I refused to go, mindful I would be fighting for every other reporter who had a mental illness on the job and needed to be open about it. Then my newspaper fired me. That started two more years of meditation and court proceedings.
On fighting the stigma in journalism:
At my particular newspaper, they were faced with a very clear-cut case with three medical professionals' notes, including their psychiatrist. They didn't believe me, so they forced me to go to an independent (psychiatrist) to be evaluated. What the industry has to do is hold management accountable. They think we're so afraid of stigmas that we won't speak about it. As journalists, we can't be afraid. When I was sick, I was thinking, “Oh if I go public with this, I'll never work again because we work essentially with our minds.” But that's not true: I don't have any trouble working, and I am fully recovered.
We have to be public about it and force the hand of the owners and managers of newspapers, because we're in a workplace like any other. They write stories about mental health in the workplace, but they don't clean up their own backyard. We have to take this out of the shadows, and people have to fight for their right to be sick.
TRENDING: An analysis of Vegas shooting headlines reveals unsettling trends
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Meg Dalton is a CJR Delacorte Fellow. Find them on Twitter @megdalts.
Chief of Mission IOM Nepal Paul I. Norton said that migration is a complex issue which includes several factors and migration policy making has become one of the most debated and crucial areas of public administration.
Addressing the opening session of Migration Governance Indicators (MIG) project validation meeting in Nepal, Paul said that MGI helps country like Nepal incorporating migration into its national development strategies.
Participated by high-level government officials, representatives from Nepal's development partners, experts, civil society members and media, IMO experts shared the results and findings of MGI assessment in Nepal.
Joint secretary of Ministry of Labour, Employment and Social Security Ram Prasad Ghimire said that MGI Assessment results is very important for Nepal to prepare evidence based policies and strategies. Under the findings of the assessment, the ministry has already taken steps to control the fraudlent activities. “This MIG finding will greatly help Nepal to improve governance,” said Ghimire.
Lucia Gonzalez, IOM Global Migration Data Analysis Center, highlighted the importance of MIG indicators and its use in policy making. They also highlighted how SDGs incorporated migration as important goals.
In their closing remarks, joint secretary of Ministry of Labor, Employment and Social Security Krishna Prasad Gnawali thanked IOM for supporting Nepal government to MGI project. “The government will use MGI to prepare future policies and strategies.
In this undated handout provided by the Liege Police Department on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, Liege police officers Soraya Belkacemi, left, and Lucille Garcia, right, in their uniforms. A gunman killed three people, including two police officers, in the Belgian city of Liege on Tuesday, May 29, 2018 a city official said. Police later killed the attacker, and other officers were wounded in the shooting. (Liege Police Department via AP)
Gregory Craig, a senior lawyer who oversaw a controversial report that Skadden Arps Sleate Meagher & Flom LLP prepared on behalf of Ukraine's government, has left the firm, a spokesperson confirmed.
Craig was the top lawyer for Skadden's 2012 review of the legitimacy of the Ukrainian government's prosecution of Yulia Tymoshenko, a former prime minister. The report is central to several legal filings by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, figuring prominently in allegations of undeclared lobbying work, hidden payments and false statements to investigators.
Craig, who defended Bill Clinton against impeachment and was the first White House general counsel under Barack Obama, hasn't been accused of any wrongdoing. They couldn't be reached for comment.
The Skadden report was part of efforts spearheaded by Paul Manafort on behalf of the government of then-Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, according to Mueller, who is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Read more: Mueller Gets Plea, No Cooperation, as Skadden Lawyer Admits Lies
Manafort, who went on to become President Donald Trump's campaign chairperson, has been accused of hiding their lobbying work on Ukraine's behalf and laundering millions of dollars they earned there. They were involved in recruiting Skadden to prepare the report on behalf of Ukraine, according to documents reviewed by Bloomberg News. The review largely defended the prosecution and conviction of Tymoshenko, defying the view held by the U.S. and the European Union that the case against them was politically motivated.
Skadden's $12,000 fee for the report was modest, just below the amount that required public bidding. But according to U.S. prosecutors, Skadden was paid more than $5 million for the work, largely through third-party payments. The firm has said it returned some funds it had held in escrow.
The Skadden lawyer who prepared the report, Alex van der Zwaan, pleaded guilty in February to making false statements to U.S. investigators about discussions they had in 2016 with two associates about the report and Ukrainian scrutiny of the payments. In pleading guilty, van der Zwaan said they secretly recorded calls with the two people and with a senior Skadden partner, Craig.
— With assistance by Stephanie Baker
Elgin home severely damaged in fire
hello
Firefighters from multiple departments responded to a blaze Monday night at home of the 100 block of Rolling Knolls Avenue in Elgin.
Initial reports indicated the fire started in an attached garage, which did not contain a vehicle. The damage to the home, which is for sale, was extensive.
Firefighters remained on the scene late Monday night, and no other details were available.
Fear is a normal emotion that warns us of danger and helps children learn adaptive coping skills. The focus of children's fears changes with age. Young children generally go through a period of being fearful of things, such as separation from a parent, strangers, being lost, the dark and monsters. These fears disappear as a child ages and may be replaced with fears related to natural disasters, their parents' health, and school and or social performance. Some child fears develop based on personal experiences, such as being nipped by a dog, or by observing a parent or other adult react with fear to a certain situation.
Children and adults have an innate fight or flight response that is triggered in a situation of perceived danger. Once activated, our body automatically prepares itself to either fight or flee from a situation by increasing muscle tension, blood flow, heart rate and pupil dilation. While adaptive, this response can be triggered erroneously when we are not actually in danger, and can be reinforced by our own actions. We may avoid the situation that first triggered our fear even though we realize the fear is unfounded, further reinforcing the fear. Often, the effort it takes to avoid the feared object or event becomes all encompassing and anxiety producing.
Parents who minimize their child's exposure to a feared object or event in an effort to decrease their child's fear, may be inadvertently strengthening the fear. For example, parents of a child who is fearful of dogs may cross the street when they see a dog coming to avoid their child being close to the dog. While well-intended, these efforts actually reinforce the fear cycle: the child avoids the feared object and is not allowed the opportunity to overcome the fear and realize that the unease will decrease over time.
Fears typically are outgrown or can be overcome by engaging in the feared activity. However, some fears may be strengthened over time. If a fear significantly limits a child's interactions or causes significant distress to the child or family, it may be considered a phobia. To prevent a fear from becoming a phobia, a child needs to be supported in confronting the fear and developing a plan to attack the cognitions and behaviors that are mantaining the fear.
Developing a fear hierarchy can be essential in helping the child gain success in combating small measureable components of the greater fear. The child who is fearful of dogs may start by reading books about dogs, watching videos of dogs, walking near small dogs on a leash near their home, and eventually petting a dog. Children will learn that the fear response eventually fades and that they can gain control of their fear by using certain self-talk statements, relaxation strategies, deep breathing and visualization. With each component part of a fear they overcome, the child practices the requisite skills necessary to combat the next component of the fear and feels emboldened to attack the bigger fear.
Among the strategies that can help you support a child in overcoming a fear:
» Never discount or belittle a child's fears.
» Be aware that certain fears are development-related and will be outgrown with no intervention.
» Model for a child how you deal with your fears.
» Be optimistic and supportive, and let your child know that they or they will overcome the fear.
» Practice self-soothing strategies with your child, such as deep breathing, progressive muscle relaxation and imagery that they or they can utilize to calm down when fearful.
» Remember that by allowing your child to completely avoid a feared object or event, the fear may be strengthened or reinforced.
» Work with your child to clarify the fear. A child's fear often may at first appear very global (fear of all dogs), but upon closer inspection it may be narrower (fear of big dogs not on a leash).
» Help your child rate their fears using a visual image such as a thermometer. Support them in learning that there are different levels of fear and discomfort.
» Develop a fear hierarchy with your child. Place the most feared action or event at the top and events that are less frightening in descending order. For example, a child who is fearful of dogs might find petting a dog very anxiety provoking, while walking near a dog on a leash of medium fear, and watching a video of dogs of a low level of fear.
» Use the hierarchy along with reinforcement to encourage your child to confront their fear. Each time they feel fearful but are able to deal with the situation, they realize that their anxiety does decrease.
» If your child's fear is causing significant distress to them or the family or is limiting their daily activities, and they or they are not responding to the suggested interventions, consider consulting with a psychologist or other mental health specialist.
Now go help your child chase those monsters out from under the bed!
— Winifred Lender Ph.D. is a licensed psychologist in private practice in Santa Barbara and can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . They provide cognitive-behavioral therapy for sleep regulation issues, anxiety and depression, and completed their undergraduate work at Cornell University and received their master's and doctorate degrees at the University of Pennsylvania. They completed a fellowship at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia/The University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and is a past president of the Santa Barbara County Psychological Association. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
Nigerian-born superstar, Ayodeji Balogun, popularly known as Wizkid made history last Sunday as they became the first Nigerian artiste to sell out the Iconic Royal Albert Hall in London. The show was broadcast live on their official face book page.
During their one hour set, Wizkid shut down the arena starting first with songs from when they were with EME and then progressed to their hit songs that made them Africa's number one artiste.
From review of the concert which also featured another star artiste, Wande Coal, the Nigerian International act appeared to have satisfied the fans with their A-Performance that has brought them world fame. The 27-year-old Nigerian singer has made history as the first African artiste to headline a sold out show at the Albert Hall, a significant step in the internalisation of Afro beats as well genre's main ambassador.
Right now, Wizkid is squarely at the nexus of Afro Pop, reggae, Bashment, dance hall and latin music packaged together with their sweet, reely voice and steely self belief. The whole thing feels like a guide post to where pop is heading.
Their feature in Drake's ‘One Dance' opened the door for their success outside Africa and made them a Sonny Records priority but it is likely they would have still got there even without the patronage.
Share
It's nearly the end of the month, which means it's time for Sony to announce the free games PlayStation Plus subscribers will receive in June. This time around, you get access to a brilliant turn-based strategy game, as well as an underrated squad-based shooter from the last generation.
Beginning June 5, PlayStation 4 owners will be able to download XCOM 2 for free. Firaxis' excellent sequel to XCOM: Enemy Unknown is even tougher than the original, with much more difficult and intelligent enemies who will exploit your every weakness. It expands on bizarre features, such as mind-control, and its guerilla warfare story has stakes even higher than the previous game.
Also free for PlayStation 4 is Trials Fusion, the motorcycle racing game from RedLynx and Ubisoft. The excellent physics-based title adds a futuristic twist to the series' tried-and-true formula, and with the addition of special trick-based courses, there are plenty of ways to enjoy it. User-created tracks also give you nearly endless racing opportunities, and you can challenge your fellow PlayStation Plus members to beat your high score.
PlayStation 3 players get a treat this month, as well. Free in June is Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier. The squad-based tactical shooter takes a far more linear approach than its follow-up Wildlands, but the game's excellent level design and streamlined mechanics make it satisfying and replayable. The competitive multiplayer portion sees the game at its absolute best, with objective-based modes that force players to work together.
Also free for PlayStation 3 is Zombie Driver HD, a top-down driving game similar to the first few Grand Theft Auto titles, but with an undead twist. Vita owners get Atomic Ninjas, a 2013 2.5D competitive platformer, as well as the puzzle game Squares, which uses a simple tile-based interface and is a perfect fit for the system.
Sony certainly offers a better selection of free games in June than Microsoft, which revealed its own lineup of Games With Gold titles earlier this week. Sony's program will undergo a radical change next March, as it will stop giving away free PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita games in favor of only supporting the PlayStation 4. Occasionally, we've seen bonus PlayStation VR games given away, as well, which will likely continue after the change is made.
By Bose Adelaja
LAGOS—The sleepy Isawo area of Ikorodu, Lagos State, was, yesterday, jolted into tension as a male employee of Ikeja Electricity Distribution Company, IKEDC, was electrocuted while trying to fix power problems caused by road reconstruction in the area.
The victim was confirmed dead on the spot at the scene of the incident at Olainukan Bus Stop.
It was learned that due to the ongoing road construction in the area, some electricity poles were re-positioned, leading to power outage.
Due to complaints by residents, some employees of the distribution company were sent to fix the problems.
How carelessness at power station caused electrocution
On arrival, one of them was said to have mounted the pole, while their colleagues were on ground to render support.
The work was reportedly moving on smoothly until a colleague at the power station mistakenly reconnected power supply to the area, leading to the tragedy.
It was learned that the victim had been working on the pole for some minutes and was about to descend the ladder when the incident occurred.
Vanguard learned that the area was immediately thrown into mourning, as residents gathered, while the victim's colleagues rallied round to rescue him, but there was nothing they could do as they were confirmed dead on the spot.
Effort to reach the Electricity Company's PRO, Ayeni Akinola, proved abortive as they did not pick calls to their line.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tony Pulis says players and fans alike are waiting eagerly for new blood - but emphasised that no business will be done unless those incoming improve the current crop.
Albion's two victories in three days see them sitting rather pretty on 29 points, cemented in the top half.
“You hope so,” Pulis replied to the question of whether recent wins will strengthen Albion's bargaining hand upon the opening of the transfer window.
“The players will be waiting, the supporters will be waiting for it, everybody wants to move on.
“We've got ambitious players in the team, players that want to push on and move forward.
“If we can't, we can't.
“I don't want to bring in players just for the sake of it - we've got to bring quality players in.”
With the injury to Jonny Evans, of which the extent remains unclear, and the loss of the reluctant Allan Nyom to Cameroon for the African Cup of Nations, Pulis didn't rule moving to strengthen their back-line.
“Looking at Jonny, Nyom's gone off now, we might have to try and get a couple of defenders in that we weren't expecting to do,” they added.
By Frank K. from Anchorage, Alaska, USA - Lazily rafting on the Kenai River, CC BY 2.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=4330210
KENAI, Alaska (AP) – The Army Corps of Engineers is moving forward with plans to begin construction on an erosion mitigation project in southcentral Alaska that's been in the works for nearly 20 years.
The Peninsula Clarion reports (http://bit.ly/2ldO6F1) the city of Kenai has been working with the Army Corps since 1999 on plans to halt erosion and prevent the loss of valuable residential and commercial property atop the bluff along the Kenai River.
Kenai City Manager Paul Ostrander says a recent report includes several options the Army Corps could take for mitigating the erosion, with the preferred alternative involving the placement of protective rock at the bluff's base to stabilize the slope.
The project is estimated to cost $30 million.
Kenai is working to purchase the properties along the bluff to make way for the construction.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Neil Warnock has a long, long career in football management.
They have managed more than a dozen clubs spanning nearly four decades.
And while for some they are a controversial character, at many of their former clubs they are fondly remembered having engineered a promotion campaign.
We've delved through our archives to find this story about Warnock from former Blues writer Colin Tattum in October 2013.
The truth about the Neil Warnock to Birmingham City rumours
Neil Warnock is not heading to Blues in a director of football role.
Warnock has refused to rule themselves of the running for a job that doesn't exist at St Andrew's.
It was reported that Gianni Paladini was likely to appoint Warnock to the position if their takeover of Blues was successful.
Asked about it, Warnock said they wouldn't say no to such a seat of power.
But Paladini has not spoken to or approached Warnock and there is the not so small matter of Blues still being in Carson Yeung's control anyway.
Plus, back in September 2012, Paladini told the Birmingham Mail that Ron Atkinson was earmarked for involvement upstairs.
“If we took over, I would probably ask someone like Ron Atkinson to help me,” Paladini said, at the time when they initially launched their Blues bid.
“I would need somebody around to help. What type of role? It would be sporting director, something like that maybe.”
Sources close to the Paladini camp believed the story that appeared was more a case of Warnock giving themselves a plug, using the obvious link to the Solihull business person.
Warnock was appointed manager at Loftus Road by Paladini and guided QPR to the Premier League in 2010-11.
Warnock has been busying themselves in the media since quitting Leeds United in April.
One of their lines of work is co-presenting the Alan Brazil Sports Breakfast on talkSPORT.
Asked on the show if they would rule out taking the job, if it existed, Warnock said: “No.
“I think there is a role (upstairs) for people who have got experience. Not just me, one or two people.
“With all the new owners coming into the game, I think a manager needs a bit of help. When you look at the (average) tenure of a manager in the Championship it's 15 months.”
Warnock said they didn't realise they would get such a kick from working in the media.
“I'm enjoying that sort of side of the coin. (But) with a director of footballship you don't have to be at the ground every minute of the day. A lot of things are on the computer and everything else.
“I just think there's a role for some of the lads who have finished full-time in football, to help out.”
About their former QPR chairperson, Warnock said: “Gianni Paladini, fantastic.
“If Birmingham could get him, I think they'd do really well because he's full of enthusiasm.
“Yes, they get carried away a little bit, but I'd rather have someone like that.
“I think Birmingham would do well to get them if they could.”
The piece on Warnock suggested they were already scouring the market for a first team coach or manager to work under him, with Keith Curle tipped.
Last week, however, Paladini said they would stand by current manager Lee Clark if they could wrestle control from Yeung in a £20 million deal.
Paladini commented: “He has got my full support. To be fair to the manager they have had no help whatsoever (financially). They have had to do it all on their own.”
And Paladini said they would be very much hands-on at St Andrew's, as chairperson, if their Blues dream materialised.
“How can you work with a phantom, you never see the (current) owner,” they asked.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – The Marion County Sheriff's Office (MCSO) has arrested a man for impersonating a police officer.
According MCSO, 31-year-old Anthony Roberson is charged with three preliminary felony counts of impersonating a public servant, criminal confinement while armed and unlawful use of body armor.
Roberson was driving their vehicle with red and blue lights when they attempted to pull over an off-duty Marion County Sheriff's Deputy on April 8. On April 13, they again made an illegal traffic stop on another Sheriff's Deputy.
The MCSO has reason to believe that Roberson has attempted more than two illegal traffic stops. Anyone who believes they may have been stopped by Roberson is encouraged to contact the MCSO at 317-327-6979 or 317-374-6365.
“This is the type of arrest that all in law enforcement appreciate: Stopping someone from using authority that they or they do not have, and preventing that person from further abusing members of our community,” said Lt. Col. Kerry Forestal, commander of the criminal division of the MCSO. “This individual, who seems to have an unusual interest in criminal justice, will hopefully learn a lot during their trip through the judicial system. We hope it will deter them and any others from attempting such a foolish activity.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
CLEVELAND, Ohio (WKYC) – Search efforts for a missing plane last seen departing Cleveland's Burke Lakefront Airport Thursday night continued Monday.
The search is in 35 to 45-foot water across a grid that stretches about 2 1/2 miles east to west across the shoreline and two miles north of the shore.
RELATED: Dublin community prays for ‘a miracle' after plane disappears with residents on board
On Sunday, police confirmed a bag from the plane washed ashore in Bratenahl. The city says it has received multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport. Some of that debris has been collected but not verified as being from the missing Cessna 525 Citation plane.
RELATED: Plane carrying 6 disappears over Lake Erie near Cleveland
John Fleming, their wife, their two sons and two neighbors were on board the plane after visiting Cleveland to attend the Cleveland Cavaliers' game Thursday. Their destination was The Ohio State University in Columbus. Fleming, a Dublin, Ohio resident, is the CEO to Superior Beverage Group.
I noticed them before we got on the Luas as they entertained four or five companions. Their jeans, jacket and runners were of fairly good quality, but they were talking about prison and they stood leaning forward in a way you see with some drug addicts. They seemed to know the people they were talking to and joking with, but they were different all the same. For instance they bought Luas tickets which, I think, is something they would never do.
On the Luas they continued to entertain their temporary companions with their chatter. Other passengers found them funny too, though they kept a wary eye on him.
What struck me was how at home they are, how proud of themselves they seemed to be. When two of their companions sat down they came up to talk to them. They were hoping to get onto some sort of programme, they said, but they had charges coming up, nothing serious . . . well, one was serious. They had got stopped by the guards after they had robbed a sandwich from a shop and they found an expensive item they had stolen somewhere else.
After they were released from the Garda station they had gone out and robbed the jacket they were wearing, they bragged. They had also robbed their jeans and their shoes. They did a little dance of bravado as they told their story.
‘See you inside'
Their listeners laughed, though not quite as heartily. They told them stories about someone they all knew and who was doing very well now, running around delivering drugs for a dealer.
When they arrived at their stop, near a facility for homeless people, they made their way out, scattering jokes. They turned before they got off the tram to say to one of the men they had been entertaining earlier, “See you inside.” They all laughed. “No you won't,” a woman said. Then, with a final bit of banter, they were gone.
I was struck by the sense of pride with which they said “See you inside.” I had heard them say earlier they didn't want to spend another hour in jail. But having been “inside”, being part of that world of criminality both inside and out, seemed to give them a sense of status.
And that reminded me that people can meet their psychological needs even in fairly tragic circumstances. I say tragic because they have, after all, moved from a jail to a homeless facility and is, as sure as night follows day, heading for jail again. All they have is what they can rob, and as there is no chance they will ever master the art of stealing millions with a pen, they will never have much. Either drug addiction or the company they keep will probably finish them off sooner rather than later.
Reality Therapy
Our psychological needs are summarised in Reality Therapy as power (which can mean achievement), belonging, play and freedom. This man gets an obvious sense of achievement from robbing, even though anyone else can see it isn't working out too well and is about to land them back in jail. Having been in jail gives them a feeling of status – after all, their companions on the journey pretend to be impressed.
Jail gives them a sense of belonging. So does keep company with petty criminals. And, to be fair to him, they could cultivate belonging anywhere, given their talent for entertaining people. As for play, well, the whole carriage was their playground on that trip. The thing they don't have is freedom – that's completely compromised by their lifestyle.
To get out of that lifestyle, he'd have to give all that up and then learn to meet their needs in healthy and legal ways. I cannot imagine how a person in their situation could do that without the sort of support that doesn't exist in this country and may not exist anywhere.
For all their bravado, and for all their jokes, the ending will not be a happy one.
Pádraig O'Morain (pomorain@yahoo.com) is accredited by the Irish Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy. Their latest book is Mindfulness for Worriers. Their daily mindfulness reminder is free by email. Twitter: @PadraigOMorain
July heat in Southern California can add stress to a growing garden. By creating a regular watering schedule and maintaining the garden for maximum water absorption, plants can remain hydrated while not costing homeowners a bundle in water bills, say experts at Agromin, an Oxnard-based manufacturer of earth-friendly compost products made from organic material collected from more than 50 California cities including those in Santa Barbara County.
» Watering your garden: When using automatic watering programs, set watering times between 4 and 7 a.m. to cut down on evaporation. Use trickle irrigation, soaker hoses or other water-conserving methods. Apply enough water to soak 6 to 8 inches into the soil, which should take 10 to 15 minutes. With a mulched landscape, you can usually reduce watering schedules to two or three times a week.
» Deep water your lawn: A lawn can thrive even when it is only watered every three days for 20 minutes each day. Watering for only five minutes at a time accomplishes little and may do harm.
Quick watering keeps roots near the surface instead of reaching deeper into the ground where there is more moisture. This makes the lawn less able to find moisture during dry periods so will brown quickly. While every climate, lawn and soil is different, almost no established lawn needs daily watering — even in very dry areas.
» Reduce your grass area: Even with a managed watering schedule, lawns use the most water than any part of your garden.
Replace a portion of your grass around the edges with drought tolerant ground cover. Remove the grass, till the soil and amend with compost. Then plant perennial ground covers that do not need much water, including ornamental grasses such as Sheep Fescue and Deergrass as well as flowering plants including Bigleaf Lupine, California Fuschia and Douglas Iris.
» Still time for a vegetable garden: You still can grow a variety of vegetables in July and enjoy the harvest by late summer and early fall. Many vegetables are still available at your local nursery for immediate planting. These include beans, beets, carrots, corn, cantaloupe, okra squash and spinach. For plants already producing, don't let vegetables remain on the plant past picking time.
Picking vegetables when ready will encourage new growth. Check plants once day for ripened vegetables. This is especially true for beans, cucumbers, eggplants, squashes and tomatoes, which grow and ripen quickly.
» Stop watering your garlic and onion bulb: When the foliage begins to dry on garlic and onion plants, stop watering so the outer layers of the garlic and onion can dry. This is necessary for long storage to avoid mildew. Once harvested, cure them in single layers on slats or screens in a dry, shady, well-ventilated location. Make sure the necks of the bulbs are completely dry (crisp and papery) before storing.
Click here for more gardening tips.
— Diane Rumbaugh is a publicist representing Agromin.
Charge d' Affairse of U.S. Embassy Michael C. Gonzales said that one of the United States' top priorities is improving Nepal's investment climate. “Nepal's economic development depends on attracting a significant amount of investment, both foreign and domestic. Attracting investment requires a conducive environment for investors,” said Gonzales.
Delivering opening remarks in a workshop Need for Compensation Law in Nepal organized by U.S. Embassy NUSACCI, Charge d' Affairse Gonzales said that compensation law is one of the important parts to create enabling environment. “A compensation law that makes it easier for contracts to be enforced and disputes between business to be resolved. It is an important step in improving Nepal's Investment Climate,” said Gonzales.
Chaired by immediate past President Narendra K. Basnyat, justice of Supreme Court Anil Kumar Sinha said that the court wants to play a conducive role in implementing the laws related to foreign investment. They said that Nepal needs more act like compensation laws to create a conducive environment. “My experiences of practicing as a lawyer and a Justice of Supreme Court shows that dispute settlement is time-consuming in Nepal,” said Sinha. ‘We need to make a law to provide a legal guarantee to the investors,” said Sinha.
In their opening remark, Kiran Saakh, president of NUSACCI, said that thanked Gandhi Law Associates and its team for preparing a draft concept paper on compensation law. They said that Nepal needs a compensation law to attract the foreign investment in the country.
Chaired by Narendra Basnyat, the second session started with the presentation on a concept paper on Compensation law by former law secretary Raju Man Singh Malla. Joint secretary of Ministry of Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs Dilli Raj Regmi, President of Supreme Court Bar Association Shilendra K. Dahal, Prabhakar Adhikary, director, International Lawyer and Consultants and Kevin Burke, Department of Justice, U.S. Embassy highlighted the importance of compensation law to lure the foreign direct investment.
Our 21st century housing crisis could usefully learn from the early 20th century story of 3 Strangford Road East and its neighbours. Number 3 owes its existence to one Canon David Hall, who arrived as pastor to St Barnabas East Wall parish in 1918.
Deeply upset by the poverty and wretched living conditions of their parishioners, they set up the first public utility company in Ireland and, while city authorities were debating the housing crisis they managed, between 1920 and 1926, to build 176 houses.
The vendors of 3 Strangford Road love the house that has been their home since 2002, and they greatly admire the work of Canon Hall. They would never dream of leaving East Wall and now, with three teenage children, “are moving to something bigger nearby”.
Canon Hall, the vendor says, “was a great person. There was a housing crisis at the time, they had a vision of a garden city and got women involved in the design; they wanted indoor bathrooms, hinged windows and gardens – and they got them. Three tennis courts they had built are now covered in Astro Turf and constantly used by the wonderful Sean O'Casey Community Centre.”
Number 3 cost €240,000 in 2002. Agent Owen Reilly is seeking €450,000 for the property with 100sq m (1,076sq ft) of floor space, three bedrooms, a livingroom, open kitchen/diningroom, bathroom and well-tended gardens front and back. The vendors did a refurbish in 2002, built on a kitchen in 2008, “which transformed the house”, and put a new roof in place in 2016.
A welcoming house in a quiet cul-de-sac, number 3 is a tribute to Canon Hall's vision. Solidly built, with original windows intact and high ceilings throughout, internal doors and some fireplaces are also original. A front-facing bedroom on the ground floor has a timber floor and small cast-iron fireplace, the sittingroom (opposite) has a larger cast-iron fireplace and wood-trim French windows to the southwest facing rear garden.
Wraparound floor to ceiling windows in the kitchen/diningroom make a feature of the garden, fittings are grey and the whole has a sense of space. There is off-street parking and a wide side entrance. The front garden has apple, cherry blossom and lilac trees, the rear is lawned and given privacy by high bamboos.
Oregon Ducks guard Lexi Bando (10) high fives the Lamar team at the end of the game. The Oregon Ducks play the Lamar Cardinals at Matthew Knight Arena in Eugene, Ore. on Sunday, Nov. 13, 2016. (Kaylee Domzalski/Emerald)
Washington State outlasts Oregon 75-59 to hand Ducks second consecutive loss
The young Oregon women's basketball team is quickly learning just how tough Pac-12 play will be.
Looking to bounce back from Friday's loss to No. 9 Washington, the Ducks hit a road block on Sunday in Washington State and were unable to pull out the win, falling 75-59 to start conference play winless.
Lexi Bando led the Ducks (10-4, 0-2 Pac-12) with 19 points while Ruthy Hebard contributed 14 points and eight rebounds. The Cougars (6-8, 1-2) had a 41-34 halftime lead and didn't allow the home team to regain the lead after intermission.
“I'm disappointed,” head coach Kelly Graves told reporters after the game. “Disappointed for our team. I think we're much better. I look at where we were a month ago. I know we're down a player or two, but shouldn't matter.”
Maite Cazorla returned to the starting lineup after missing Friday's game against Washington. Mallory McGwire started their first career game in place of Jacinta Vandenberg.
The Ducks continue to play without Sabrina Ionescu, who has a broken thumb.
“I think we've taken a little bit of a hit from them being gone,” Bando said of Ionescu. “It shouldn't be like that but Sabrina is an awesome player and we miss her.”
Oregon allowed the visitors to shoot 49 percent from the field in the first half while the Ducks committed 11 turnovers, leading to nine WSU points. In total, Oregon turned the ball over 21 times compared to WSU's 14.
“I think the turnovers are unacceptable. We have to clean that up,” Bando said. “Pac-12 teams are going to show your weaknesses.”
The Ducks closed to within 46-41 early in the third quarter, but WSU countered with a 8-0 run to take a 54-41 lead with 4:35 left in the third quarter. Oregon pulled to within 13 points with 7:43 remaining in the game, but couldn't close the gap any further in the loss.
The Ducks, which outrebounded WSU 37-35, finished the game shooting 36.5 percent while WSU shot 44.8 percent.
“I'm looking for answers,” Graves said. “Honestly, if you've seen us play in some games, we've defended great — flying around with energy making things happen. It's changed. We haven't stepped up to the level of the Pac-12 yet.”
Bando said they were proud of Hebard's performance on Sunday. The first-year student went 8-of-12 from the free throw line.
“Ruthy over here is doing an incredible job,” Bando said. “She's putting up big numbers. A lot of the freshmen have played in the big light. They're doing great. They're going to keep getting better and better.”
Chanelle Molina led WSU in scoring with 20 points. The Cougars had three others score in double digits: Alexys Swedlund (16), Caila Hailey (12) and Ivana Kmetovska (10).
The Ducks next play four consecutive road games. They travel to No. 13 Stanford next Friday and No. 21 Cal next Sunday.
Comments
/ Front page / News
THE proposed village bylaw which states police shall be given access to conduct investigations within village boundary has been greatly argued at provincial consultations.
During consultations at Cakaudrove, Bua and Macuata, district reps and traditional leaders argued that past media reports highlighting alleged police mistreatment of villagers during drug raids had not painted a good reputation of the Fiji Police Force in village boundaries.
Therefore, most submissions on this issue proposed that police also seek the approval of the village headman before entering any village.
The proposed bylaw in Part XX — Compliance to the Bylaws in Clause 85 states that police shall be given access to conduct its investigation within the village boundary.
At the Macuata consultation, Sasa villager and traditional leader Samuela Tuidravu said all village headmen should be informed of police access to villages.
In Nabouwalu, where the Bua consultation took place, Wainunu district rep Jale Sigarara supported the motion that village headmen should also be informed if police were to visit villages.
Wainunu villager, Epeli Matawalu, also asked the village bylaw committee to ensure that police get permission before entering villages.
Similar concerns were raised by traditional leaders.
But committee member Aminiasi Katonivualiku told the forum that by law, police had the right to enter villages for investigation purposes.
Mr Katonivualiku agreed that past cases of police mistreatment published in the media had stirred concerns in villages.
However, they stressed to traditional leaders to inform their villagers that under the Constitution, they could question police on the reasons of arrest and demand a warrant.
A woman who spent more than 50 years searching for their son has told the High Court they were told by a nun that adopted children want nothing to do with their birth parents.
Tressa Donnelly Reeves said they gave birth to a boy on March 13th, 1961 and named them Andre in the hope they would be “the only Andre” in Ireland and they would find him.
They were placed with a family at Liscolman, Tullow, Co Carlow and given the name Patrick Farrell.
The mother and son were eventually reunited in 2013 after a long battle for information which they claim they were entitled to, but were allegedly denied.
Giving evidence on the second day of their action against St Patrick's Guild (Incorporated) adoption society, which was run by Catholic nuns, and the State, Mrs Reeves said they were encouraged not to look for Andre.
Them mother had told them it would be “disruptive for the child”.
They said their mother also told them not to tell anyone they had had a baby, particularly a man, as they would have been seen as “soiled goods”.
They were unmarried and aged 21 when they were sent to Ireland to have the baby. Them friends were told they were going to Dublin to learn “Cordon Bleu cookery”.
They accepted they had signed a consent for Patrick's adoption days after they were born.
In reply to their counsel Eanna Mulloy SC they said they sent letters inquiring about the infant to a nun with St Patrick's and was told in reply they were placed with an Irish family.
They said, in the early 1970s, they returned to Ireland and attended at St Patrick's office in central Dublin where they spoke to a nun about their son and gave their details relevant to the birth.
They said the nun “wanted to get rid of me” and told them St Patrick's had “no details” about Andre's birth.
The nun also said “adopted children never want anything to do with their birth parents, especially the boys”, they said.
Mrs Reeves said they left St Patrick's office and returned to where they gave birth to Andre, a clinic in Clontarf where they met the midwife who had delivered their son and whom they had been friendly with.
When they asked the midwife about Andre, they said they were told they were among babies that were sent to the US and it would be impossible to trace them as there was “no paperwork” in regard to those adoptions.
They said they were shocked by this as they had been informed in the correspondence they received from the nuns in 1961-2 Andre was sent to a family “down the country”.
They renewed their search for their son in the mid 1990s after speaking to their Sligo based cousin, who stayed at their then home in Belgium.
Them cousin told them of TV reports about changes concerning entitlements to information concerning adopted children in Ireland.
In their action against St Patrick's and the State, Mr Farrell and Mrs Reeves claim the adoption was unlawful and done without legal safeguards provided under the adoption laws.
They want damages on grounds including claims the society made false representations concerning Patrick's location. It is also alleged it engaged in conspiracy, deceit and failed to provide them with information about each other in a timely manner.
It is also claimed there was a failure to protect their family rights and the son was placed with a couple, the now deceased Maeve and James Farrell, whose suitability was never assessed.
The State, it is alleged, failed to vindicate or recognise their personal and family rights. The claims are denied.
The State parties also plead they are a stranger to the claims and are not liable for any wrongs committed against the plaintiffs.
Speaking of Stories and Center Stage Theater have joined forces to present the annual Santa Barbara French Festival at Oak Park, and we need your help to make this event a success.
We are looking for volunteers to help out on Friday, July 12, Saturday, July 13 and Sunday, July 14. On Friday, we will be setting up tents, hanging banners — in general, creating a festival. From 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, we need people to help pass out performance programs and staff a number of booths selling raffle tickets, beverages, T-shirts and berets.
It's an opportunity to help out with a fundraising project without opening your wallet. You will have fun, help out a couple of great organizations and even get some free theater tickets. Everyone will receive a certificate that is good for two free tickets to a show at Center Stage.
This is your chance to find out just how fabulous you look in a beret! If you are interested in coming to be part of the fun, just email us at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) and let us know which day you would like to work and what your time preference is. We are asking everyone to work for at least a two-hour shift.
If you can't volunteer, you can still help us; tell your friends, neighbors and casual acquaintances that the festival is July 13-14 at Oak Park, and then come on out and join in all the fun! Admission is free.
Visit FrenchFestival.com for complete details on the 2013 festival, including entertainment schedule, vendors and some fabulous raffle prizes! Find information there about being part of The Poodle Parade, or volunteering to help make this great event possible.
A Michigan woman shared the text exchange between them and their boss which revealed that their boss essentially fired the woman for asking for time off to deal with their son who was on life support.
Crystal Reynolds Fisher took to Facebook to share screenshots of text messages between themselves and their boss, named Dawn. The texts show that Crystal told Dawn they would not be able to come into work at the PS Food Mart until their son was off of life support.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Dawn replied, “That isn't how we do things, so I'll accept that you're quitting.”
Yikes.
“Ok so how do we do things when my child is on life support?” Reynolds Fisher wrote back. “I never said I was quitting so I take it that ur [sic] firing me?”
Reynolds Fisher tried to reason with Dawn, but the manager was not having it, and wrote back, “I will not get into with you on here but I've been more than accommodating during this allowing schedule changes and such. There is no reason you can't work and I will not tolerate drama.”
“End of conversation,” they continued. “If you aren't there to work your shift tomorrow then I take that as you've quit.”
Reynolds Fisher then texted back, “Ok this is not a [sic] eye doctors app or a dentist app this is my child's life that we are [sic] talking about, they are on life support!!!”
They also informed Dawn that they were contacting corporate about this exchange.
You can see the whole thing here:
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
PS Food Mart corporate issued a response on Facebook.
“We'd like to follow up on the issue brought to our attention recently regarding how an employee time off request was handled by one of our managers,” it read. “We investigated and have found that the situation was handled improperly and without the compassion that we value as a company. For that, we are very sorry.”
It continued: “As a result of this finding, we took quick action and that manager is no longer employed by PS Food Mart. We have also reaffirmed to our employee that they will be able to take all the time off that they need during this difficult period. We'd like to thank the public for their concern. Folk Oil Company.”
Clarification about Joey Carbery's whereabouts next season is expected from Joe Schmidt at the Ireland coach's first media conference since Twickenham on March 17th.
Schmidt and IRFU performance director David Nucifora reportedly approached Leinster coach Leo Cullen, on the week of the Champions Cup quarter-final against Saracens, seeking that Carbery or Ross Byrne move to Ulster next season to replace Paddy Jackson.
Jackson's contract was revoked by the IRFU, following disciplinary proceedings in April, after Jackson and Stuart Olding had been cleared of rape charges. Jackson remains without a club but French side Brive, coached by Jeremy Davidson, signed Olding this week.
Carbery, Byrne and Jackson are all represented by Esportif rugby agent Ryan Constable.
It is believed Byrne is staying at Leinster but after Carbery turned down a 12-month loan deal in Belfast, the 22-year-old recently met Munster coach Johann van Graan.
With 16 months to go until the World Cup in Japan, Schmidt is keen to avoid a repeat of the Ian Madigan situation at the 2015 tournament when the now Bristol outhalf had primarily played inside centre, fullback or off the bench when asked to fill the void left by injury to Johnny Sexton for the quarter-final defeat to Argentina.
Leinster have repeatedly selected Carbery at fullback this past season, except for the defeat to Treviso and some sparks of brilliance off the bench at outhalf, particularly during Saturday's Pro14 final.
For Ireland, at 10, Carbery has been stunning and awful in equal measure. In November 2016 they closed out the historic victory over the All Blacks in Chicago only to produce perhaps their worst game as a professional against the US Eagles last June (Jackson missed both of these games as they could not enter the United States). Come November 2017, Carbery wonderfully picked open the Fijian defence before fracturing their forearm.
“Obviously playing in one position the whole time would make me better in that position but, at the moment, learning the different ways of different positions all helps in the end,” they said in March. “I've said this before as a 10 playing at 15 when attacking you want to catch out the 15, see where their weaknesses are, so playing 15 I learn what's hard to defend and what's hard to attack.”
Foreign talent
This may suit their development but with Jackson and Madigan out of the equation, Schmidt's Ireland tour Australia with Byrne and Carbery as back-up outhalves. Ideally, for Ireland but not Leinster, with Stuart Lancaster repeatedly stating they want to keep coaching Carbery, they will not be competing for the same provincial jersey next season.
Munster have their own issues, with the continued influx of foreign talent – there were 17 non-Munster produced players on their first-team roster this season (six from Leinster, five South Africans, three via England, two New Zealanders and Chris Farrell is an Ulster man) – prompting Paul O'Connell to voice concerns about the long-term direction and planning of the province.
“I'm not a massive fan of players moving around the provinces,” O'Connell told The Irish Examiner. “I think it's just a short-term fix for Munster if players come here.
“We have to put in a production system underneath from the club game and from the schools game to match other provinces. Maybe we won't ever be as good as Leinster at it but we do need to try something.
“I chat to people all the time about short-term fixes, about signing players from other provinces, and signing players from other countries. It's a short-term fix and we need a long-term fix that can produce talent and sustain the province going forward.
“Rugby is a very tough game. If you are emotionally connected to the team you are playing for, you have a far better chance of being successful. And you have a far better chance of being emotionally connected to a team you are playing for if you come up through that province and wanted to play for that team all your life.”
O'Connell, part of the Ireland U-20s coaching ticket at the World Cup in France, has reportedly cut ties with the Munster academy but did accept that issues at outhalf needing solving.
“It is a position where we have struggled. We have had players that have played really well from time to time. Like Ian Keatley. Tyler [Bleyendaal], when they have been fit, has played really well there but we haven't had the consistency that other teams have had, like Johnny Sexton at Leinster.
“Munster just need to find someone that can play at a really consistent level. Whether that is the guys they already have or whether it's someone new, that's up to the coaches to figure out.
“Munster aren't that far behind. They have been in two Champions Cup semi-finals in the last two years. Munster are not where they were at 10 or 15 years ago but I do think Leinster doing so well has exacerbated things.
“I don't think we are producing the players that we used to produce. It's a real shame to think that Munster were so strong in 2006 and 2008 and we didn't capitalise on it.”
March 15, 2018
The Secrets of Garnet Reveal Source of Water To Fuel Powerful Volcanoes and Earthquakes
Research shows water-bearing minerals release water underneath geologic hot spots
Among geologists who study powerful earthquakes and volcanoes, there is a mystery: as one of Earth's tectonic plates slides beneath another in a subduction zone, water is squeezed from certain minerals, lubricating earthquakes and fueling volcanoes in hot spots like the Pacific Ocean “Ring of Fire.” But equations that predict where the forces of subduction wring water from stone consistently point to locations far from the site of actual cataclysms.
By applying a new spectroscopy technique to garnet containing fragments of quartz, metamorphic petrologist Frank Spear of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute thinks he's solved the puzzle. Their early research shows that the equations are incomplete, lacking the significant variable of “overstepping,” the additional energy needed to initiate a process, in this case, the decomposition of water-bearing minerals.
“The real culprit in powerful volcanoes and earthquakes is water, but scientists have been unable to determine where that water comes from,” said Spear, a professor and head of the Rensselaer Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences. “Conventional thermodynamic equations predict that water is released at too shallow a depth to occur at the known locations of volcanoes and earthquakes. But when you factor in the overstepping we've discovered, the locations coincide. The idea of overstepping is an enormous paradigm shift.”
Their research is supported by a three-year $419,247 grant from the National Science Foundation.
As one tectonic plate is pushed beneath another in a subduction zone, sediments and minerals are carried deep into the Earth, with pressure and temperature mounting with increasing depth. Early in the process liquid water is squeezed from the pore spaces between rocks, but many minerals – such as micas, serpentines, and chlorites – contain water as part of their mineral structure. Chlorite, for example, contains about 10 percent water by weight. When water-bearing minerals finally succumb to increased temperature and pressure, they release water.
The water acts as a lubricant in the fault zone created between two plates, reducing the strain on the fault and allowing the plates to slide past one another, producing an earthquake. Subduction zones produce some of the world's biggest and most destructive earthquakes; the largest magnitude earthquake yet recorded – a magnitude 9.5 earthquake in 1960 near Valdivia, Chile – occurred in a subduction zone. The water also acts as a flux on surrounding rock, depressing the melting temperature of rock, which melts into magma that rises to the surface and erupts as a volcano.
At the point at which the water is released, it creates clues Spear tracked back to its origin. New minerals form in the metamorphosing crust, including garnet, which is produced by the breakdown of water-bearing chlorite. The garnet forms under pressure, and sometimes, as it does so, it traps fragments of surrounding minerals in its grip, fragments that retain a record of the pressure under which the garnet formed. Spear found such garnets, which formed around tiny fragments of quartz, on an island in the Greek Cyclades.
In their lab, Spear and their graduate students used Raman spectroscopy – commonly used in chemistry to identify molecular composition of a sample – to examine the quartz embedded in the garnet. In Raman spectroscopy, laser light is shined onto a sample, and the energy of the photons is shifted up or down based on the interactions between the light and the sample. The difference between the frequency of the outgoing and returning light provides a definitive structure signature.
Quartz at ambient pressure produces a well-known signature. But the peak of the signature from the quartz in the Cyclades samples was shifted to a higher value, indicating the pressure on the grain. Because the Raman signal shift of quartz has been carefully calibrated, Spear was able to use it to determine the pressure, and therefore the depth and temperature, at which the garnet crystallized around the quartz.
“What we discovered when we did this is that the garnet forms not at the shallow depth where the thermodynamic calculations predicted, but much deeper down, near the origin of volcanoes and earthquakes,” said Spear.
The finding also indicates that the garnet doesn't crystalize at equilibrium, as is the basis of thermodynamic calculations predicting that process. That, said Spear, “was a total surprise.” While initiation of most processes requires activation energy – or overstepping – to some extent, researchers always assumed that the activation energy to initiate nucleation of garnet would be trivial. But the results suggest significant overstepping of 50 to 70 degrees Celsius.
The initial research, published in a series of papers beginning in 2014, was based on three samples from a single site on Sifnos. The new funding will support a broader investigation using 10 to 20 samples taken from five separate locations, to determine whether the findings were “a quirk, or a universal truth.” Spear is also working on developing calculations – and a new “maximum driving force method” – that will incorporate observed overstepping to yield more accurate predictions.
Spear's research fulfills The New Polytechnic, an emerging paradigm for higher education which recognizes that global challenges and opportunities are so great they cannot be adequately addressed by even the most talented person working alone. Rensselaer serves as a crossroads for collaboration — working with partners across disciplines, sectors, and geographic regions — to address complex global challenges, using the most advanced tools and technologies, many of which are developed at Rensselaer. Research at Rensselaer addresses some of the world's most pressing technological challenges — from energy security and sustainable development to biotechnology and human health. The New Polytechnic is transformative in the global impact of research, in its innovative pedagogy, and in the lives of students at Rensselaer.
About Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, founded in 1824, is America's first technological research university. For nearly 200 years, Rensselaer has been defining the scientific and technological advances of our world. Rensselaer faculty and alumni represent 86 members of the National Academy of Engineering, 17 members of the National Academy of Sciences, 25 members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 8 members of the National Academy of Medicine, 8 members of the National Academy of Inventors, and 5 members of the National Inventors Hall of Fame, as well as 6 National Medal of Technology winners, 5 National Medal of Science winners, and a Nobel Prize winner in Physics. With 7,000 students and nearly 100,000 living alumni, Rensselaer is addressing the global challenges facing the 21st century—to change lives, to advance society, and to change the world. To learn more, go to www.rpi.edu.
Fashion month special: the 12 most talked about shows of SS18
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
FILE - This Monday, May 15, 2017, file photo shows British IT expert Marcus Hutchins, branded a hero for slowing down the WannaCry global cyberattack, during an interview in Ilfracombe, England. Prosecutors have charged Hutchins and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere. Hutchins could enter a plea during a hearing Monday, Aug. 14, in Wisconsin federal court. Frank Augstein, File AP Photo
Follow @insidefutbol
Former Leeds United midfielder David Prutton believes that while better players can always adapt to new situations, it will be tough for someone to walk into Marcelo Bielsa's team once the season is under way.
The Whites management have appointed the veteran Argentine as their new boss for this season after Paul Heckingbottom was sacked.
The former Argentina coach has already started working with their new team, with training sessions being held at Thorp Arch from the start of last week.
Big changes are expected at Elland Road this summer with several players going out and new signings coming in.
The Championship giants have so far remained quiet in the transfer market, with just one player in the form of Lewis Baker coming in on loan from Chelsea; transfer activities are expected to ramp up in the coming weeks.
Prutton thinks Leeds needs to step things up as asking a player to get up to speed with Bielsa's methods as a late arrival would be tough.
"The better players can always adapt but something tells me that walking cold into a Bielsa team with the season already under way might not be the easiest of tasks", Prutton wrote in their column for the Yorkshire Evening Post.
"Baker has now signed and by no means would I be panicking about the lack of business at Elland Road.
"But I don't doubt that the club will feel the same as all of us: ready for some more action."
Leeds kick-off their pre-season with a friendly against Forest Green Rovers away from home later this month.
Proponents appearing before the City Council say restriping is needed to enhance safety in the area
Describing it as “a gauntlet” and “terrifying,” the lack of bike lanes in Old Town Goleta was on the minds of cyclists, who appeared en masse on Tuesday night before the Goleta City Council to ask for restriping on the road.
Currently, there are “sharrows” — painted monikers on the road that remind vehicles to share the road with cyclists — but no dedicated bike lanes.
Last week, Cal Poly San Luis Obispo planning students hosted a series of public workshops in the city that gathered input from several hundred residents about improvements needed in Old Town, many of which stressed the need for a safe walking and biking environment in the area.
Santa Barbara Bicycle Coalition Director Ed France was the first to speak Tuesday, and asked that the council consider adding the lanes for safety.
“Three bicyclists have been killed in the last 15 years,” they said. “We'd like to request a process that can end up with those bike lanes.”
Jessie Alstadt, an Old Town resident, said they were riding their bike down Hollister Avenue and noticed the sign that marks the end of the demarcated areas for cycling.
“As soon as you go under Highway 217, it says ‘Bike Lane Ends,'” they said. “What are you supposed to do? Every time we ride, we put our lives in the hands of others that share the road with us.”
After reading through the results of the workshops from the Cal Poly students, commenter Robert Bernstein said, “there wasn't anyone who said we want cars to be able to go faster. ... In fact, they said the opposite.”
The council did not comment on the restriping process on Tuesday, but City Manager Dan Singer said the item could be added to the agenda when the council meets in July.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anothony Joshua is thought to have earned more than £15 million already from their boxing career - after just 19 fights.
In only their 19th fight as a professional, Joshua defended their world title against Wladimir Klitschko with an 11th round knockout in front of 90,000 people at Wembley.
 They are thought to have earned themselves a cool £6.5 million in the process - and is now at the top table when it comes to commanding fees.
Concerns persist that such a step up in quality may have come too soon in Joshua's career - but legendary heavyweight Lennox Lewis has faith in their ability.
"Can they be an all-time great?" asked Lewis, 51. "Yes. Yes.
"He can do anything they want."
(Photo: PA)
Long before they became heavyweight champion of the world, fighting led them down a darker path, the Mirror reports.
As a teenage tearaway, they were regularly caught scrapping in the street in their home town of Watford, Herts.
They once ended up behind bars, and twice avoided long jail terms. But their misspent youth is a far cry from their life now.
And against Klitchko at Wembley on April 29, they secured themselves as one of Britain's top sportspeople.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Joshua themselves admitted: “But for boxing, I would be behind bars.”
A glance at their family photo album confirms they are a born fighter.
One of their mum Yeta's favourite pictures shows them as a baby with their fists up, guarding their chin like a champion.
But Yeta said: “As a kid they were a very quiet boy and even today I see them as being very gentle.”
Joshua, now 27, had their first run-in with the police at age 16. At that time, they were a promising footballer and athlete who could run 100 metres in less than 11 seconds.
But a clash during a school football match saw them charged with actual bodily harm.
They recalled: “This guy was trying to wind me up. I got them round the neck and threw them over my shoulder.
"I didn't know my own strength and they didn't land too well. It went to court. Luckily, they gave me a slap across the wrist.”
Joshua may have escaped jail that time, but they were still heading for trouble.
They moved out of them mum's flat into a hostel and was hanging around with groups who regularly engaged in street fights.
In 2009, they found themselves on remand for two weeks in Reading prison.
The boxer said: “There are idiots inside and this is when you realise what you are dealing with. It could have been 10 years. I would still be there right now.”
It was the wake-up call they needed. Electronically tagged for 14 months and hit with a curfew, Joshua moved back in with their mum and started a bricklaying course.
In 2007, aged 17, they finally found a legitimate outlet for their fighting instincts, when their cousin took them to a local boxing club.
Joshua was a natural and was selected for the British boxing squad. But, with the London 2012 Olympics on the horizon, they nearly threw it all away again.
In 2011, the 6'5” fighter was caught speeding while wearing their Team GB tracksuit.
Police found cannabis in their kitbag and they were charged them with possession.
But, yet again, they avoided jail.
(Photo: Peter Byrne/PA Wire)
They were handed a 12-month suspended sentence and 100 hours of community service. Joshua said: “In a way I'm glad it happened, because it woke me up.
“It wasn't so much the actual charge that had the effect. It was all the grief from my friends, my family – especially my mum – and from boxing. “
Joshua was initially banned by GB boxing, but was recalled for the European Championships, where they reached the quarter finals, despite being short on practice.
They were then selected for the World Amateur Championships in Azerbaijan. Their mum, who had never been to one of their fights, stayed at home and watched on television.
Yeta said: “It was very nerve-racking. I kept covering my eyes with a towel. I was caught between wanting to watch and not wanting to see them get hurt. I was trembling.”
A year later, Joshua won gold at London 2012. It was the first time their mum saw them fight in the flesh.
They said: “For Josh to become an Olympic champion is an incredible achievement.
"He has always been able to dedicate themselves to whatever they wanted. I am very proud of what they have achieved.”
After their Olympic triumph, they shunned the spotlight in favour of a more humble life. They turned down £50,000 to turn professional straight away, preferring to bide their time.
(Photo: Richard Heathcote/Getty Images)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
When the money did start to roll in, they bought their mum's council flat in Golders Green, North London.
They still live there with their social worker mum, despite buying a £500,000 penthouse in nearby Finchley for yoga instructor Nicole Osbourne, the mother of their son, Joseph, who was born in October 2015.
When at training camp, they live off packed lunches of chicken, beef, pasta and boiled eggs in plastic boxes.
Joshua's promoter, Eddie Hearn, says: “Avoiding prison was a big turning point for Anthony. He's a bad guy trying to be good.
“Boxing has saved their lives. It's given them discipline, a focus for that huge physique.”
* Meanwhile, Anthony Joshua will be coming to Birmingham on Saturday, June 10, for a Q&A evening at the ICC .
Sky Sports Box Office will host this weekend's fight, which looks set to start around 10pm.
Canadian Accused in Yahoo Hack Has Bail Hearing A Canadian man accused in a massive hack of Yahoo emails said Wednesday he'll live with their parents and forgo access to phones and any electronic equipment if he's allowed out on bail. Officials allege that Karim Baratov poses an "extremely high flight risk" because of their alleged ties to Russian agents. But their lawyer Amedeo DiCarlo said that Baratov has never been to Russia and they will not flee if freed on bail. Baratov arrived in court for their bail wearing a black shirt and sweat pants with their legs shackled. Their parents provided them with a dress jacket. "Flight risk is the issue," DiCarlo told reporters after arriving at the courthouse in a chauffeured Rolls-Royce. "We are going to have measures put in place so that is not going to happen." Baratov's parents have agreed to act as their son's sureties. Their father, Akhmet Tokbergenov, has agreed to turn off the internet in the family home if that's what the court requests. Baratov, 22, said they registered an internet business in 2014 that made about $81,000 ($110,000 Canadian) that year registering websites, renting webspaces and preventing web servers from hack attempts. They said they made less in in 2015 and 2016. They were not asked directly about the allegations against him. U.S. law enforcement officials call Baratov a "hacker-for-hire" paid by Russian Federal Security Service members. They have Kazakh origins, arriving in Canada in 2007 and becoming a citizen in 2011. Baratov was arrested last month and faces extradition to the U.S. The breach at Yahoo affected at least a half billion user accounts. They were indicted in the United States for computer hacking along with three other people, including two alleged Russian intelligence agents. Officials have said Baratov has the money to leave Canada and the ability to destroy evidence related to their alleged activities while on the run. Prosecutor Heather Graham said police seized about $22,000 ($30,000 Canadian) cash from their home and another $670 ($900 Canadian) from their wallet when they were arrested. Baratov said they had virtually nothing in their bank accounts and testified that they largely financed a string of luxury cars that included a Lamborghini Diablo, an Austin Martin and a Mercedes-Benz. They said half of the money they paid for the cars came from their parents. They also said half the $95,000 ($128,000 Canadian) down payment on a three-bedroom house came from their parents. Social media pictures of Baratov show them as an exotic car buff. Their Facebook and Instagram profiles were peppered with photos of cars. Graham noted that Baratov posted online that they travel to Russia often but Baratov testified they have never been to Russia and only posted that on behalf of a friend to get advice. In a scheme that prosecutors say blended intelligence gathering with old-fashioned financial greed, the four men targeted the email accounts of Russian and U.S. government officials, Russian journalists and employees of financial services and other private businesses, American officials said. In some cases using a technique known as "spear-phishing" to dupe Yahoo users into thinking they were receiving legitimate emails, the hackers broke into at least 500 million accounts in search of personal information and financial data such as gift card and credit card numbers, prosecutors said. The case, announced amid continued U.S. intelligence agency skepticism of their Russian counterparts, comes as American authorities investigate Russian interference through hacking in the 2016 presidential election. Officials said those investigations are separate. Alexsey Belan, one of the others accused, is on the list of the FBI's most wanted cyber criminals and has been indicted multiple times in the United States. It's not clear whether they or the other two defendants, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, will ever step foot in an American courtroom because there's no extradition treaty with Russia. The indictment identifies Dokuchaev and Sushchin as officers of the Russian Federal Security Service, or FSB. Belan and Baratov were paid hackers directed by the FSB to break into the accounts, prosecutors said. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Yahoo, Data Breach, Hackers, Cybercrime, Russia, Cyberespionage, Cybersecurity, Justice Department, Government, Wikileaks
LANGLEY, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Enterra Feed Corporation has received approval from the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) to sell its Whole Dried Black Soldier Fly Larvae as a feed ingredient for salmonids, including farmed salmon, trout and arctic char. With this approval, the Metro Vancouver-based company is now the first to market and sell this sustainable, natural product to aquaculture feed manufacturers in Canada. This is the first Canadian approval of an insect-based aquaculture feed ingredient, and follows the CFIA's approval using this same product in feed for chicken broilers last year. Enterra received a similar U.S. approval for use in salmonid feeds in 2016.
Canada is the fourth-largest producer of farmed salmon in the world, according to the Department of Fisheries and Oceans. In 2015 the farm gate value -- the net value when it leaves the farm -- of salmon and trout in Canada was $850 million1.
"Aquaculture feed producers have been keenly awaiting this approval and we look forward to supplying their needs immediately," said Andrew Vickerson, Chief Technology Officer, Enterra. "Fish eat insects in their natural environment and our product is a healthy, digestible and renewable source of protein and fat that can replace less sustainable ingredients, including fish meal and soybean meal."
Production of fish meal, which is a standard aquaculture feed ingredient, can deplete wild ocean fish stocks and is subject to substantial price fluctuations. Soybean meal requires significant agricultural inputs that could otherwise be used more efficiently to grow food for people.
"Insects are a natural source of digestible protein and fat for fish, including salmon and trout," said Dr. Brad Hicks, a veterinarian and partner in Taplow Feeds, an aquaculture feed manufacturer. "This product will contribute to healthy, active fish and is a great alternative feed ingredient."
Enterra's insect-based feed ingredients are sustainably produced with a long-term price guarantee. The company collects pre-consumer recycled food from farms, grocery stores and food producers -- waste that would otherwise be sent to landfill, compost or waste-to-energy facilities where the nutrient value would be lost or underutilized. Instead, Enterra feeds the waste food to black soldier fly larvae which grow rapidly under controlled conditions. Once mature, the larvae are processed into renewable feed ingredients in the form of Whole Dried Black Soldier Fly Larvae, Enterra Meal (made of de-fatted larvae) and Enterra Oil (extracted from the larvae).
Enterra's sales have tripled each year since its Langley farm opened in 2014. Through its proprietary process, Enterra has converted tens of thousands of metric tonnes of pre-consumer waste food into sustainable feed ingredients for its growing customer base. The company plans to expand its existing facility and establish additional farms in Canada and the U.S. to meet the increased customer demand anticipated to result from future U.S. and Canadian approvals of a complementary feed product, Enterra Meal. These approvals are expected in 2017.
About Enterra
Enterra Feed Corporation is a privately held company, located in Langley, B.C. that specializes in the development and manufacture of natural insect-based feed ingredients for the animal feed industry. Enterra uses the larvae of the black soldier fly, a beneficial insect species that is highly efficient at upcycling complex nutrients in pre-consumer waste food into an excellent source of protein and fat, perfect for inclusion in feed for fish, poultry, pets and zoo animals. These innovative products offer a sustainable alternative to resource-intensive feed ingredients like fish meal, fish oil, soybean meal, palm kernel oil and coconut oil. For more information, visit www.enterrafeed.com.
1 http://www.dfo-mpo.gc.ca/stats/aqua/aqua15-eng.htm
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130286/Images/BSF_-_Full_Res-b77d07a122efae6ca52a009dc80a9e91.JPG
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130286/Images/Dried_BSF_Larvae_3008_x_2000-ceefbba7fb9baa1cb37af668ccb27ba1.JPG
Job Title: DC Advisory Neighborhood Commissioner 7F01
Organization/Groups: Capital Area Food Bank
Why was Tyrell nominated:
Tyrell is one of the youngest Advisory Neighborhood Commissioners in Washington DC.  They are an Advocacy Specialist & Spokesperson at Capital Area Food Bank.  They are also a Minister and former two time Youth Mayor in the District of Columbia. They have represented the District at the National YMCA Youth and Government Conference and has served as a Youth Advocate for many years in the community.
NEW YORK - A woman has climbed the base of the Statue of Liberty and seven people have been arrested on Liberty Island, all of whom are believed to be protesters, law enforcement sources told CNN.
At one point, the woman walked back and forth under Lady Liberty's sandal and then sat down and appeared to unfurl a small flag or banner. The other protesters held a banner over the railing at the base of the statue.
Law enforcement officials were seen mounting a ladder to the base of the statue and talking to the woman, who was sitting in the folds of the statue's gown.
The NYPD is building a rope rescue system to help bring the woman down from the base, because officers don't believe they will come down on their own, a police source told CNN.
Liberty Island has been evacuated while they attempt to get them down, according to Jerry Willis with the National Park Service.
The NYPD says three of its emergency service units and a harbor unit are on scene.
Copyright CNN
[BizHawk is published weekly, and includes items of interest to the business community. Share your business news, including employee announcements and personnel moves, by emailing [email protected].]
Two local winemakers have combined efforts to open a joint tasting room this weekend in Buellton, next door to the Hitching Post restaurant.
Peter Cargasacchi and Brian Loring will host the grand opening of the new venture starting at 10 a.m. Saturday at 420 E. Highway 246.
The collaboration between Loring Wine Co. and Cargasacchi has been in the works since February, and boasts more than 12 wine varietals and blends, specializing in pinot noirs from a variety of carefully selected vineyards from the Central and Northern regions of California.
Last weekend, Loring and their sister, Kimberly, closed their wine tasting room at 1591 E. Chestnut Ave. in Lompoc — an area commonly called the “Lompoc Wine Ghetto” — in anticipation of Saturday's grand opening.
Cargasacchi planted their vineyard in 1998 in the Santa Rita Hills, and began planting the subsequent Jalama vineyard in 1999.
Keith Yeager Founds Marketing Business
Proven Strategies: Marketing, Business and Communication Services is a new business venture founded by CEO Keith Yeager.
Yeager intends to focus their business on strategic planning, marketing and identifying new revenue streams for businesses.
For more than two decades, Yeager has experienced success in entertainment production, corporate and business-to-business sales, and marketing campaigns. They have held corporate posts with The Gap/Banana Republic, Universal Television, Walt Disney Productions, the Santa Barbara Region Chamber of Commerce and most recently with Allergan.
AmeriFlex Financial Services Makes New Hire
Santa Barbara-based AmeriFlex Financial Services has hired Corrine Barroso as its newest team member.
Barroso brings more than eight years of experience in the financial services industry to the position of wealth manager. They will also be integral to the team focusing on the financial needs of women and the launch of the new Woman Investor program.
Barroso is a graduate of San Diego State University, where they earned a bachelor's degree in business administration/finance, with an emphasis in financial services. They received an MBA in finance from California Lutheran University.
Foley Food and Wine Society Experience Launches
Foley Family Wines this week opened the company's latest venture, The Foley Food and Wine Society Experience at Bacara Resort & Spa in Goleta.
The experience offers resort guests and existing members of The Foley Food and Wine Society the opportunity to taste and purchase wines, as well as utilize a personalized concierge service for wine outings, cooking classes, reserve tastings and other luxury experiences.
In addition to access to the experience, the FFWS offers members access to a world-class collection of wineries, inns, golf courses, restaurants, events and luxury lifestyle partners worldwide.
“We're delighted to open The Foley Food and Wine Society Experience at Bacara Resort & Spa,” proprietor Bill Foley said in a statement. “The Society was created to become synonymous with experiences that celebrate world-class wines, exceptional cuisine and outstanding destinations. The addition of the Experience at Bacara brings the unparalleled hospitality and values of The Foley Food and Wine Society to life.”
Vivian Hanover, Christi Vior Join Lee & Associates
Lee & Associates Central Coast has hired Vivian Hanover as a broker associate and Christi Vior as a broker.
Hanover will specialize in the leasing and sale of commercial real estate in the tri-county area. Vior will specialize in the leasing and sale of commercial real estate in the tri-counties and will be based in the Santa Barbara office.
Hanover has international real estate expertise in the United States and abroad. Them experience is in the areas of investment, multifamily, retail, office and consulting brokerage.
Being multilingual in six languages has provided their global communication skills to service clients of many nationalities worldwide from a corporate parameter to the individual need.
Vior has been involved in real estate for more than 25 years, not only in Santa Barbara but also in Ventura and San Luis Obispo counties and in Santa Rosa.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Each Labour vote cost just 85p at the last election - compared to £1.36p for the Conservatives and £2.86p for the Liberal Democrats
The Electoral Commission today published the amounts spent by the major political parties in the run-up to last June's vote.
The analysis shows that the Tories spent £18.6 million in total, compared to Labour's £11.0 million.
The Lib Dems spent £6.8 million, the SNP £1.6 million, the Green party just under £300,000 and UKIP just under £275,000.
When translated into spending-per-vote, it means Jeremy Corbyn's Labour party spent just 85p for every one of the 12,878,460 votes it won.
That is the best value achieved by either of the two major parties this century.
The Conservatives' 13,636,684 votes cost £1.36p each.
The Lib Dems spent significantly more than in previous years but still only managed 2,371,910 votes, costing £2.86p each.
It was the smaller parties that gained the best value, with the Greens spending just 58p per vote and UKIP - despite a performance that most commentators saw as a disaster - just 46p per vote.
That is largely because UKIP traditionally spent relatively little on election campaigns.
The Conservatives' spending was up from £15.6m in 2015, when each vote cost an average of £1.38p.
Labour's spending was actually lower than last time, when - under Ed Miliband - they spent £12.2 million for an average of £1.31p per vote.
The Conservatives' record spend-per-vote this century came in 2005, when they spent £17.9 million but gained just 8,784,915 - an spend-per-vote of £2.03p.
The same year, Labour spent £17.9 million, too, and gained 9,552,436 votes - a spend-per-vote of £1.88p.
The figures cover all election-related spending in the year running up to the general election.
There are strict legal limits on how much a party is allowed to spend.
The Conservatives - along with Labour and the Greens - are currently under investigation for submitting spending returns that were missing invoices, and for submitting potentially inaccurate statements of payments made.
The Tories and Lib Dems are also being investigated for making multiple payments to suppliers where the claim was received after relevant deadlines which are specified in law.
Hundreds of zombies will rise from the lawn of the Santa Barbara Courthouse Sunken Gardens to perform Michael Jackson's iconic Thriller dance as part of the annual global event “Thrill the World” at 3 p.m. Oct. 29. The festivities will include a free dance party from 1-4 p.m.
Hosting the Santa Barbara event for the sixth year, World Dance for Humanity invites zombies of all ages and abilities to learn the Thriller dance and perform at the Sunken Gardens, as well as at flash mobs around town leading up to Halloween.
To learn more, visit: http://worlddanceforhumanity.org/thriller-2016/.
World Dance for Humanity is a local nonprofit that offers a chance for women to get in shape and inspired while helping others. World Dance offers five classes a week, with every penny from class proceeds and donations going to its projects in Rwanda.
In Rwanda, World Dance is helping 7,705 people left destitute and divided by the genocide. World Dance gives assistance through donations of livestock, school stipends, training, and support for small businesses. In July, 11 World Dancers traveled to Rwanda and returned more passionate than ever about the potential for Santa Barbarans to make a difference in the world.
Locally, World Dancers reach out to wheelchair-bound seniors and other disabled adults, making deep connections through music and movement. Members of the World Dance community also volunteer at the Westside Boys and Girls Club, helping with the afterschool program that serves 100 children a day.
Peter Haslund, World Dance board president emeritus said: "There are many humanitarian aid efforts that deserve help from our global village. World Dance for Humanity has made the choice to provide assistance to Rwanda, a region characterized by genocide, and to do this at the lowest possible cost.
"I don't know of any other philanthropic endeavor that more directly affects the lives of desperate people more effectively or more immediately than WD4H," they said.
"The driving force is the ability to provide a sense of hope where none existed, a sense of encouragement where only conflict prevailed, a sense of security in place of chaos, and a sense of a positive future for all, regardless of tribal affiliation," Haslund said.
Janet Reineck, World Dance founder and executive director, has worked in humanitarian aid and fundraising for 20 years, leading rural development projects for Oxfam and International Rescue Committee in Kosovo, and serving with Direct Relief International and the National Disaster Search Dog Foundation.
In 2010, Reineck, who holds a masters in dance ethnology from UCLA and a Ph.D in anthropology from UC Berkeley, set out to combine their areas of expertise and started a dance class in Santa Barbara that offers participants a chance to connect with other cultures while helping people in need.
For more information, visit www.WorldDanceforHumanity.org.
— Janet Reineck for World Dance for Humanity.
New Year's Day brought 2017's New Year's Babies for the Peace and Mackenzie regions.
At the Peace River Community Health Centre, Oliver Lucien Turcotte was born on Sunday, January 1 at 3:17 AM to Jermie Turcotte and Karlee Embury.
Baby Oliver weighed in at 7 lbs. 1 oz., and was 21.5 inches long.
At the Northwest Health Centre in High Level, Travis Gerbrandt was born to proud parents Terry and Carlene Gerbrandt.
Baby Travis weighed in at 7 lbs. 11 oz., and was 21 inches long.
They were also born on January 1, but more than 12 hours later, at 3:28 PM.
– Posted by BET
Tears ran down Erika Jayne's face in rehearsal after not doing as well as they expected on “Dancing with the Stars.”
And later, “The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” celebrity was sent packing in Monday's Disney night elimination—and was caught in a lie by host Tom Bergeron.
First, practice footage caught Jayne complaining to their partner Gleb Savchenko about last week's awkward performance, in which they channeled Madonna, “I've never felt that disconnected from an audience.”
Cameras showed Jayne crying and whispering to Savchenko as they hugged and comforted her, “I've never, ever questioned myself so deeply before.”
Then, Jayne danced a Viennese waltz based on the Disney movie “Finding Dory,” and received rave reviews from the judges.
Unfortunately, it was too little, too late for the outrageous blonde Bravo beauty and at the end of the night, they and Gleb got the axe.
Jayne appeared to have expected their ouster, pointing at Savchenko and mouthing to him, “I told you” after the results were announced.
Host Tom Bergeron asked them on camera, “I saw you saying to Gleb, ‘I told you.' Did you sense this was coming tonight?”
Jayne protested, “Tom, I didn't say that.”
Bergeron called them out: “I think I saw you. I'm a good lip reader!”
Although Jayne said “DWTS” was “an incredible experience,” they left the scene quickly, avoiding most of the traditional post-show press line interviews.
The “RHOBH” star's drama almost overshadowed the high point of the night, as Fifth Harmony singer Normani Kordei finished in first with partner Val Chmerkovskiy.
The two earned 39 out of 40 points for their Paso Doble based on “Mulan.”
Chmerkovskiy told FOX411 of the incredible stick fighting incorporated into the dance, “I met up with somebody who is a professional stunt woman and they taught me some stuff…I was just really concerned about it looking corny…I wanted it to be like, they almost hit them in the face.”
Gymnast Simone Biles was close behind Kordei, scoring 38 with their partner Sasha Farber for a “Moana” contemporary dance. Rehearsal footage showed Biles getting irritated with Farber for pushing them too hard, and they explained to FOX411 backstage, “I don't like to speak out because I'm such a hard worker. I'd rather just push through the hard times rather than just say anything.”
Biles said free time is rare with the hectic “DWTS” schedule but when they get it, they want to “lay in bed and watch Netflix and Face Time my family back home.”
Ice skater Nancy Kerrigan continued to score high, getting 36 for their jazz performance based on “Enchanted.”
With partner Artem Chigvintsev by their side backstage, Kerrigan told reporters about the continuing vulnerability they showed in rehearsals, “On the ice, I feel very confident. But I haven't been doing [dancing] that long.”
“Glee” star Heather Morris and “The Bachelor” Nick Viall tied for fourth with both earning 34 points. Morris was thrilled to hear their original partner, Maks Chmerkovskiy, announce that they were well enough to return next week. Maks joked that their fill-in-partner, Alan Bersten, “is officially fired.”
Viall appeared clean-shaved to portray Pinocchio in a cute routine with Peta Murgatroyd that caused Judge Carrie Ann Inaba to gush, “This is a breakthrough.”
They told reporters after the show that removing their beard, which host Bergeron said made them look like they were 12, has pleased their fiancée Vanessa Grimaldi.
“It's different,” they shrugged. “Vanessa actually likes it. We joked that she's never seen me without a beard [before] but they seem to like it. I prefer the beard…I have the baby face [but] I'm probably going to grow it back.”
Football player Rashad Jennings had fun with “Beauty and the Beast” and tied with Jayne with a 32 score, while Bonner Bolton scored 30 for a “Wreck-It Ralph” tango and former baseball catcher David Ross finished last on Monday night with 29 points.
Judge Bruno Tonioli snarked about Ross' jive inspired by the upcoming movie, “Cars 3,” “You need an oil change.”
Still, Ross continued to maintain a positive attitude, telling reporters later, “I had a blast.”
The Santa Barbara Community College District Board of Trustees voted Thursday to change Santa Barbara City College to a tobacco-free, smoke-free campus.
For the past nine years, SBCC has been a nonsmoking campus with designated smoking areas. The change in designation is effective Aug. 5, which is three weeks prior to the beginning of fall semester on Aug. 26.
The recommendation to move to tobacco-free was made to the Board of Trustees earlier in June after extensive discussion and debate among campus constituents, including the College Planning Council composed of faculty, administrators, staff and students.
The recommendation cited the following reasons for the proposed change:
» to maintain a workplace that is conducive to the health and safety of students and employees
» to eliminate the health hazards presented by second-hand smoke
» to curtail discarded cigarette butts resulting in trash on campus and beach and ocean pollution
The new tobacco-free, smoke-free policy will apply throughout SBCC's main campus on Cliff Drive and the Schott Center and Wake Center and also includes campus venues at which visitors and the general community attend public events.
“As an academic institution, we have a responsibility to foster practices that address the education of the ‘whole' student,” SBCC President Lori Gaskin said. “Maintaining one's health, fitness and well-being are an important part of being a student, and becoming a completely nonsmoking campus communicates this message with great clarity and commitment.
“Further, I believe that we assume a role as an institution with an eye toward the public good. Indeed, that's what public education really is all about. That smoking impacts some who choose not to smoke (through secondary impacts) certainly has bearing on the public good.”
SBCC will continue to make smoking cessation programs available to students, faculty and staff through Student Health Services and Human Resources.
— Joan Galvan is a public information officer for SBCC.
Limerick 4-21 Clare 0-33 (AET Limerick win free-taking competition 7-6)
Excuse me while we're still totting up the scores. Because after a madly punishing and at times slightly confusing ultra-marathon of a hurling match Limerick have further extended their unbeaten start to the season to nine games.
Exactly how they achieved that would be worthy of a small dissertation, especially as they twice pressed down on Clare to force two periods of extra-time, before winning the new 65-metre free-taking shoot-out designed to eliminate the need for a replay.
What it probably wasn't designed for was the finishing up of a game just before 7.0pm on a Bank Holiday Monday, with most of the players and management back at work or college the following morning.
Indeed both teams got a standing ovation at the end of the second period of extra-time, and deservedly so: some Clare supporters didn't appear entirely happy at how the game was ultimately decided and while Limerick won't have any complaints, it was a properly exhausting evening's work by any standards.
It involved 100-plus minutes of actual hurling, before the final shoot-out –Colin Ryan sending over the decisive score for Limerick on the seventh ‘attempt', after Niall Deasy had just missed the previous one for Clare. It certainly felt a little cruel on Clare to lose that way, having been in front for large parts of the actual game thanks in part to the brilliant Peter Duggan, who finished with 0-19.
Limerick simply refused to give in, however – the fearless Aaron Gillane once again showing them the way with their 2-11, their last free forcing the actual shoot-out: substitute Ryan had forced the first period of extra-time with a terrific sideline cut in the last minute of normal time (Duggan did have a later chance to land the winner, only for their free to fall short): then at the end of extra-time, when trailing Clare by three points, Diarmuid Byrnes fired home the goal from a placed ball which in truth caught almost everyone by surprise, not just the Clare defence.
After another five minutes aside, they still couldn't be separated and by now the last rays of the evening sunshine had long disappeared, and the stadium floodlights were on: with that the five nominated players from each team took their turns over the 65-metre frees, each hitting their first five from five, before Clare cracked first.
It was first time a national fixture was decided this way – and already one of the longest hurling matches in GAA modern times: the shoot-out rule will apply for the qualifier stages of the championship this summer, and the way things are going, expect some repeat of it.
Anyway, after already winning eight games this year, including the Munster League and last Sunday's promotional decider against Galway, Limerick go on into the league semi-final against either Tipperary or Dublin, that game postponed over the weekend, likely to be re-fixed for this Sunday – thus giving Limerick an accidental weekend off, as they will well need. Still their heady times for continue, still in the hunt for a first league title since 1997.
Just how much a slog of a game like this adds further weight to the argument against the need for hurling league quarter-finals remains to be seen – particularly as the weather blows holes into the GAA's master fixture plan.
If the game wasn't already exerting enough it was also played at near breakneck speed throughout: Clare hit the damp but firm ground running and with the wind also in their backs soon had Limerick in their rear-view mirror. Up 0-11 to 0-2 after 22 minutes, Tony Kelly hit three early points from midfield while Peter Duggan was also laying down a marker with their free-taking,
Limerick hit six wides in the first 11 minute, and looking shaky and nervous, struggled to get Gillane and Gearoid Hegarty into play or possession. Suddenly they put the pedal to the metal – Gillane kicking home the first goal on 23 minutes, with pure determination as much as deftness, after latching on to a long back from Seamus Hickey. Perhaps taking an extra step in the process.
That got Limerick's mojo working, and Paul Browne and Hegarty added points in quick succession: Limerick finished out the half strong: getting it back to three points, 0-14 to 1-8.
Six minutes into the second half: Conor McGrath had a goal disallowed, after a fine catch from a ball from Tony Kelly, but definitely taking an extra step in the process. Gillane's goal was a beauty, albeit started by David McInerney's miscued ball around midfield: Tom Morrissey latched onto it, passed off to Seamus Flanagan, who set up Gillane for the finish on 54 minutes.
So Limerick very briefly went ahead, and again on 63 minutes when Pat Ryan came off the bench to blast home their third goal, putting them in front 3-15 to 0-21. Duggan then swing in Clare's way again with four frees in succession, seemingly enough to give them the win, before Ryan's sideline levelled it all up again.
Both periods of extra-time swung back and forth, Limerick at times losing a little of their focus, hitting nine wides in the first period of extra-time. At times it seemed neither team had the capacity to close out the game in the time that remained, and so it proved. Limerick's fourth goal from Byrnes certainly game against that last run of play, but came full of heart no less,,
The tiredness was visible in the last 10-minutes of extra-time, Tony Kelly coming off for Clare (and not taking part in the free-taking shoot-out either);
Clare had held the razor's edge in recent years, winning last year's Munster semi-final and two years ago Clare squeezed Limerick out of promotion, so maybe this was a little revenge – Limerick's first league win over their close neighbours since 2011. They certainly had to earn it.
LIMERICK: N Quiad; S Finn, S Hickey, R English; D Byrnes (1-1, a free), D Hannon (capt), D Morrissey; P Browne (0-1), C Lynch (0-1); G Hegarty (0-2), K Hayes, T Morrissey (0-1); A Gillane (2-11, 11 frees), S Flanagan (0-1), B Murphy.
Subs: C Ryan (0-3, one sideline) for Browne (50 mins), P Ryan (1-0) for Murphy (54 mins), D Reidy for Hayes (63 mins), R McCarthy for Hickey (79 mins), B O'Connell for Hegarty (85 mins), O O'Reilly for Flanagan (86 mins)
CLARE: D Tuohy; P O'Connor (capt), C Clearly, J Browne; S Morey, D McInerney, D Fitzgerald (0-1); C Galvin (0-1), T Kelly (0-6); C Malone, J Conlon (0-2), D Reidy (0-2); C McGrath (0-1), P Duggan (0-19, 15 frees, two 65), S O'Donnell (0-1).
Subs: I Galvin for C Galvin (51 mins), C McInerney for McGrath (52 mins), J Shanahan for Morey (61 mins), J McCarthy for Reidy (64 mins), P Collins for Malone (68 mins), M O'Neill for C McInerney (for extra-time), R Taylor for I Galvin (89 mins), M O'Malley for Kelly (95 mins), N Deasy for Collins (98 mins)
Referee: Alan Kelly (Galway)
evangelism, podcast
Karen Swanson, Director of the Institute for Prison Ministries at the Billy Graham Center, shares a powerful story of why we always need to be prepared to share the gospel, at any point, in any place. First Peter 3:5 tells us to always be prepared to give an answer for why we have the hope that is in us. When the time comes, will you be ready?
Episode Twenty-Five | Starting a Gospel Conversation by Talking about Prayer
Michael Hakmin Lee, Research Fellow at the Billy Graham Center, discusses the challenges for Christians seeking to share their faith in a more privatized culture, where talking about faith can seem anathema. Lee states, however, that research has shown there is still great interest in faith in general, and prayer in particular. So how do we begin faith conversations? Perhaps it begins with talking about prayer and going from there.
Christina Walker, Associate Director of Academic Programs at the Billy Graham Center, talks about what they recently learned from a cohort of pastors from Every Nation. One story in particular stuck out; it was about a man from China who was changed by an encounter which began with an umbrella. We never know what role we will play for the kingdom as we meet people on the street. Where are you opening your umbrella to invite someone in for a conversation?
Episode Twenty-Three | Evangelism Companions
John C. Richards, Jr., Managing Director at the Billy Graham Center, talks about ‘evangelism companions.' What character companions do we carry with us as we carry the gospel? Truth? Mercy? Goodness? Love? Scripture teaches us that the way we act and live is critically important. This is true even more so as we engage others with the good news of the gospel.
Laurie Nichols, Director of Communications at the Billy Graham Center, shares about a recent gospel conversation and what they learned about the importance of being prepared. Without the armor of God's word in our hearts and minds, we likely don't have the full toolkit necessary for when the hard questions arise in a conversation. This week, prepare yourself for evangelism opportunities by immersing yourself in God's word.
Ed Stetzer, Executive Director of the Billy Graham Center, discusses the correlation between prayer and action. Research has shown that many people pray that they would see others come to faith, but fewer are actually mobilized to put their prayers into action in seeing lives changed for Christ. Will your actions match your prayers? Our prayer is that this week they will.
Episodes 11-20
Episodes 1-10
What is the Gospel Life podcast? Read more
Subscribe to the Gospel Life podcast on iTunes
Ed Stetzer holds the Billy Graham Distinguished Chair of Church, Mission, and Evangelism at Wheaton College, is Executive Director of the Billy Graham Center, and publishes church leadership resources through Mission Group.
Portland, Oregon – Baseball fans of all ages don't miss this! Grab your mitt, your seeds, and your ball cap! There's a special free event happening for the first time ever in Portland, Saturday 10/7/17 .
Nova Newcomer is the Executive Director of Friends of Baseball. Saturday's event at Lents Park is thanks to a partnership of the US Conference of Mayors and Major League Baseball. They say It's time to PLAY BALL and kids will take the field at Walker stadium home of the Portland Pickles.
Mayor Wheeler will be there, former MLB players will be also. It goes from 11am to 1pm.
More from http://www.friendsofbaseball.org –
Every child deserves the chance to swing for the fences on the field and in life. That's why Friends of Baseball has partnered with Major League Baseball's Play Ball and the US Conference of Mayors to bring the free Play Ball Portland Clinic to Portland this fall — just in time for exciting playoff baseball!
Give your child the magical experience of playing ball for the first time at our Play Ball Portland Clinic on October 7th at Walker Stadium (4727 SE 92nd Avenue) in Portland, OR.
Clinic will feature:
· Each participant will receive Play Ball swag (tee, wristbands, and Franklin plastic bat and ball set)
· Baseball clinicians leading fun, active stations — participants will rotate stations throughout the day
· Kids “Take the Field” at Walker Stadium
· Mayor Ted Wheeler, former Major Leaguer Brian Hunter & Jeff Lahti, & other MVPs to kick off the event
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY — BEGINNERS WELCOME
Thank you to Major League Baseball, the US Conference of Mayors, Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler's Office, Portland Parks & Recreation, the Portland Pickles, and all Play Ball sponsors for making this event possible.
Play Ball Portland Clinic
FREE REGISTRATION!
Saturday, October 7th
11:00 am – 1:00 pm
Walker Stadium in Portland Parks & Recreation's Lents Park
Home of the Portland Pickles
4727 SE 92nd Avenue
Today during the Hey Arnold! panel at New York Comic-Con, series creator Craig Bartlett and members of the original '90s cast treated fans to the first full-length trailer for the movie — and we've got an exclusive look for you below.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Halloween came early for some people.
Residents in Gresham, Ore., received a scare Thursday after spotting a person impersonating the fictional horror character “Slender Man” walking around town.
Fox 12 Oregon reported residents witnessed a man walking around town in daylight wearing a suit with gloves on his/her hands and a white mask over their face. Some residents called the police out of fright.
“You see heads just turning; people freaked out. They just kept looking at us,” Randi Wicht, a Gresham resident, told Fox 12 Oregon.
“At that time I called the non-emergency number for Gresham, just with everything going on…it's really creepy,” said Wicht.
Slender Man started with an online post in 2009, as a mysterious specter whose image people edit into everyday scenes of children at play.  They are typically depicted as a spidery figure in a black suit with a featureless white face. They were regarded by their devotees as alternately a sinister force and an avenging angel.
Rosa Higdon, another resident, said the sighting made them feel tense.
“I kinda froze, I wasn't sure if I was really seeing what I was seeing,” Higdon said. “You couldn't tell if it was a joke or serious, you didn't know whether to laugh or to be worried, it was kind of confusing.”
“I went to get in my car and they were like right here. They didn't say anything they just stared at me. And I get Halloween, it's funny and all, but I'm kind of tense right now,” said Higdon.
Gresham Police confirmed that they received a few calls regarding the sighting of Slender Man and told the man to cut it out.
However, the media outlet discovered that the spooky character would be back as a promotion for a haunted house.
“We don't mean any harm we just have our characters out there having fun, that's what they are, they're actors. We wanted to create an uproar, people to go ‘hey, there's a guy on the street, what's they doing,'” said Nate Fultz, who works for the House of Shadows, which has used the actor to promote the attraction.
“We can't stop what we're doing, we understand people are upset about it, but we can't stop doing what we do, it's Halloween season,” Fultz said.
Police confirmed the man did not harm anybody but said the actor should confirm that they worked for a haunted house.
The House of Shadows said they were considering putting a sign with the name of attraction on the costume.
“Slender Man” has made headlines including a case where two 12-year-old Wisconsin girls stabbed a classmate to impress the fictional character in 2014.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Old fuel tanks, tainted soil being removed from St. James Farm near Warrenville
hello
Daily Herald file photoThe Forest Preserve District of DuPage County is having contaminated soil removed near the indoor horse riding arena at St. James Farm Forest Preserve near Warrenville.
Two multimillion dollar projects at St. James Farm Forest Preserve are expected to remain on track, despite the discovery of contaminated soil on the property near Warrenville.
The Forest Preserve District of DuPage County last month hired RW Collins Co. to remove two underground fuel storage tanks. The antiquated tanks -- one with diesel fuel and the other containing gasoline -- were unexpectedly found during a $2.9 million project to bring water and sewer to St. James Farm.
"Both tanks were relatively full and not in too bad of a condition," said Ed Stevenson, the district's executive director. "But we did our due diligence and contacted the state fire marshal and declared them to be leaking."
Crews have since removed the tanks and some tainted soil. But additional soil removal is needed, officials said.
Because the extra work will increase the total cost of the remediation to more than $20,000, forest preserve commissioners must vote on the expenditure. They are expected to talk about the issue during a Tuesday morning planning session.
It's unclear what the final cost will be. Officials said the plan is to dig until all the contaminated soil is removed.
"We're going to continue until our concerns, along with the concerns of the Illinois EPA, have been fully satisfied," Stevenson said.
Remediation is being done as work continues on the installation of water and sewer mains at St. James Farm. Other crews are working on a roughly $3.1 million project to improve the site's indoor horse riding arena.
The tanks were found in an area between the indoor riding and the main parking lot. They are believed to be decades old and were used when St. James was an operating farm.
The forest preserve district bought St. James Farm from philanthropist and conservationist Brooks McCormick in 2000 for $43 million. It took possession of the more than 600 acres along Winfield Road after McCormick's death in 2006.
Despite the soil contamination, the water and sewer project is expected to be done by April.
Getting water service will allow for needed life-safety improvements so buildings at St. James Farm can be made available to the public. While the property is open to forest preserve users, residents currently can't spend time inside the stables and other historic buildings.
Meanwhile, the renovation and expansion of the indoor riding arena is expected to be completed by the end of May.
That project includes upgrading the HVAC, electrical and lighting systems and building an expansion that will feature a reception area, multipurpose room and restrooms.
"The public is going to realize that St. James Farm is an absolute gem of a property," Stevenson said. "It's got a rich history, and these improvements are going to prepare the property for public access and enjoyment for decades to come. Finding the tanks was a brief setback. But we're just glad that we were able to act quickly."
MORE women are rising to the challenge of Australian Ninja Warrior as the hit obstacle course series returns for a second season.
The six females who made it to the semi-finals last year are back, and hot on their heels are more women who have taken up Ninja training as inspired by Andrea Hah, who conquered the warped wall, and former gymnast Olivia Vivian.
It's inspiring for returning co-host Rebecca Maddern, who was expecting their first child during filming. They and husband Trent Miller welcomed their daughter Ruby into the world a few months ago.
"The women are phenomenal this year," they say.
"It is really extraordinary to witness; what an example to set not just for their kids but for other mums out there.
"On some occasions I got tears in my eyes... it's so empowering to watch that happen in front of you.
There are so many great things that have happened for females in Australian sport in the past two years and this is just another addition to that."
Rebecca Maddern returns to call all the thrills and spills in season two of Australian Ninja Warrior. Stuart Bryce
Viewers will see plenty of other familiar faces - including Mount Isa's 'deadly ninja' Jack Wilson, the Ravi brothers, Ben Polson and season one finalist Luke Williams - with 90% of last year's contestants applying for season two.
"These people were so good in season one. I didn't think it was possible to get fitter and better, but some of our returning heroes are fitter and better than last year and that has blown me away," Maddern says.
"These people had six packs last year and now they have 12 packs (laughs)."
With more competitors, a longer course, and more semi-finals and grand final stages, Ninja Warrior promises more high-flying thrills and spills.
Ninja Warrior: Farmer builds their own Ninja course
"We sit back and do marvel at what these competitors do. It's easier this year (for us as hosts), but in saying that there are things that have happened that we never would have predicted," they say.
"There are some shocks, which make for a great TV show. There is no script to this. They stand there, the buzzer goes off and we don't know what happens next.
"More often than not when you think this person is on a roll they'll slip up and it's all over. You really go on the course with them, riding very bump and grasp and jolt.
"The underlying theme of those whole show is 'I'm going to give this a go'. I think that makes up so much of the Australian psyche and this is just extrapolating that. It's about fitness, health, giving it a go, setting yourself a goal and achieving that goal, and if you don't then try harder and improve yourself."
Season two of Australian Ninja Warrior premieres on Sunday at 7pm on Channel 9.
Signs are pointing to a tough flu season for the U.S. this year.
While influenza has not quite reached epidemic levels yet, it's spreading farther and faster than it did at the same time last year, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday.
Flu is already widespread in seven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Oklahoma, and Virginia. During this same week in 2016, influenza was not widespread in any states.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
And three states — Louisiana, Mississippi, and South Carolina — have high levels of flu already this year.
Influenza has already killed seven children this season, the CDC said. It killed at least 95 children in the 2016-2017 season, and the CDC found that at least three-quarters of kids who died from influenza between 2010 and 2014 had not been vaccinated in the months before they got sick.
Related: Here's one reason flu vaccines can be so lousy
Flu causes an epidemic every single year in the U.S. and most of the rest of the world. Flu is so common that health officials don't count every single case. Instead, they calculate how bad flu is by the proportion of deaths that are shown to have been caused by pneumonia and influenza.
That number takes a few weeks to calculate but in the week that ended November 18, 5.7 percent of reported deaths were caused by pneumonia and influenza.
“This percentage is below the epidemic threshold of 6.6 percent for week 46,” the CDC said.
Related: Severe flu season looks possible
Influenza is a major killer.
“The United States alone sees 140,000 to 710,000 influenza-related hospitalizations and 12,000 to 56,000 deaths each year, with the highest burden of disease affecting the very young, the very old, and people with coexisting medical conditions,” Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, wrote in a commentary in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Flu cases are double compared to this time last year 1:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
While the CDC recommends flu vaccine for everyone over the age of 6 months, the vaccine is not terribly effective and this year's vaccine seems especially unpromising.
Each flu vaccine protects against either three or four different strains of flu, but one component, the H3N2 strain, seems especially weak. During Australia's flu season just ended, the H3N2 component only provided about 10 percent protection against severe influenza, Fauci noted.
Related: Australia's bad flu season may be bad news for U.S.
Research published last month helps explain why: most influenza vaccines are produced in chicken eggs, and that process makes the virus mutate, thus making the vaccine produced using the virus less effective.
“Given that most of the U.S. influenza-vaccine supply is currently produced in eggs and the composition of the 2017–2018 Northern Hemisphere vaccine is identical to that used in Australia, it is possible that we will experience low vaccine effectiveness against influenza A (H3N2) viruses and a relatively severe influenza season if they predominate,” Fauci wrote.
Nonetheless, Fauci and other top health experts say it's worth getting the vaccine.
“It is always better to get vaccinated than not to get vaccinated,” Fauci said. It's more effective against the H1N1 and influenza B strains that are also spreading.
“In this regard, the CDC estimates that influenza vaccination averted 40,000 deaths in the United States between the 2005–2006 and 2013–2014 seasons,” Fauci wrote.
The good news is that the virus has not evolved resistance to the drugs, including Tamiflu, that can be used to treat influenza. People can also protect themselves and other from flu by washing their hands frequently and covering sneezes and coughs.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Detectives say they cannot rule out arson as they investigate a massive forest fire near Alton Towers which has taken 48 hours to extinguish.
Firefighters are still extinguishing pockets of smouldering woodland in Dimmingsdale after the blaze took hold on Monday afternoon (July 2).
Now Chief Inspector Mark Thorley, police commander for Staffordshire Moorlands, has raised the possibility the fire was started deliberately.
They said: "I would like to applaud the work done by our partners - Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service, Highways Agency, Park Rangers, Environment Agency and Severn Trent Water - which has been outstanding to contain this exceptional challenge.
"At this time the police and fire service have no evidence to suggest any fires have been started maliciously, though this can't be ruled out.
"We continue to patrol the areas to support our partners and look for any suspicious or reckless activity.
(Image: Rod Kirkpatrick/F Stop Press)
"I'm aware of reports of drivers ignoring road closures put in place to allow responders to continue their work safely and the police have had to speak to some of those involved."
It comes as fire service resources continue to be stretched in the wake of the hottest June for two decades.
Firefighters responded to twice as many outdoor fires as they did last June - and more than 200 were in areas of dry grass and foliage.
They took 515 999 calls during the weekend of June 30 and July 1 - the highest amount for two years.
One of those calls was to deal with an arson attack in Pennycroft Park, Uttoxeter, where it is thought a tent was set alight.
The blaze spread to fir trees on the grounds of the neighbouring Ashmore's Ice Cream dairy and shot 40ft in the air.
(Image: Rod Kirkpatrick/F Stop Press)
Fire prevention boss Glynn Luznyi said: "The demand we are experiencing is very intense.
"I'd like to thank all our firefighters and control staff, who have gone above and beyond, working extra hours to deal with some very challenging incidents.
"Our wholetime firefighters have worked over their duty hours, while our retained firefighters have given additional hours and for this we are very grateful – we are also thankful to their employers who have allowed them to take extra time from their full-time work to keep their local communities safe.
"To meet the demand we've postponed all planned training exercises, and while our prevention work continues through our Prevention Teams, firefighters aren't able to support this as they usually would as they are spending all their time responding to incidents.
"With the hot and dry weather set to continue we expect the demand level to remain high so we really need the public to help prevent incidents happening in the first place – it's appalling that almost 70 per cent of secondary fires in June were started deliberately, this is unacceptable.
"While dealing with deliberate fires we are not able to respond to other incidents, which could put members of the public at risk, not to mention the risk posed to firefighters when tackling these fires.
"Although we don't know the cause of the Alton fire at this time, this is a prime example of just how dangerous it is for our firefighters responding to fires in the open.
"Sadly, a firefighter did sustain an injury whilst working on the uneven terrain which was checked at hospital and they are now recovering at home."
(Image: Burton Mail)
A total of 364 "secondary" fires - outdoor blazes not directly involving people - were reported last month.
That is compared to just 188 in May and 184 in June 2017. Forty-two were reported in the first two days of July.
The fire service is re-launching its Flames Aren't Games campaign ahead of the school holidays, which start on Monday, July 23.
More information about the campaign is online at www.staffordshirefire.gov.uk
Donations from public feed firefighters as demand soars
(Image: Burton Mail)
Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service is taking donations of food and drink for firefighters via a British Red Cross collection point at Leek Community Fire Station.
A fire service spokesperson said: "The Red Cross and Rapid Relief have been fantastic in supporting us through these incidents and we can't thank them enough but we are now in a position to also receive donations.
"Although it is still too dangerous for members of the public to actually go to the scene of the fire we are extremely grateful for any donation people are able to deliver to the fire station in Leek.
"The support of our communities is greatly appreciated during this period of high demand where our crews are working tirelessly, day and night, to keep our communities safe."
Madeline Farrar, senior emergency response officer for the British Red Cross in Staffordshire, said: "We will be available to support Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service for as long as we are needed."
As of Monday, Feb. 13, the statewide gas price average of $2.42 remains the same as it was last week. Gas prices have dropped $.07 cents compared to this time last month, but compared to this time last year, prices in Connecticut are $.51 cents higher.
There's a similar affair occurring on the national level. National prices are averaged $2.28 on Feb. 13, a penny lower compared to this time last week and $.07 cents lower than this time last month. Those prices, however, are $.58 cents higher compared to last month.
Industry experts report gas prices have remained relatively steady the past month because of a well-supplied crude oil market. Despite OPEC's reports that cartel member and nonmember countries have implemented production cuts per a Jan. 1 agreement, the market continues to be oversupplied because the US has increased its own drilling and production activities. This continues to offset OPEC's efforts to rebalance the global market.
AAA's weekly survey of prices in Connecticut's four regional areas as follows:
Greater Bridgeport/Stamford $2.51
New Haven/Meriden $2.40
Greater Hartford $2.40
New London/Norwich $2.39
Statewide average $2.42
On Monday, Feb. 13, South Carolina and Tennessee registered the lowest averages in the nation at $2.03 and $2.05, respectively. As usual, Hawaii continues to lead the nation with the highest prices in the nation at $3.11 followed by California at $2.87. Connecticut holds steady at 10th place in terms of the highest state prices in the nation.
AAA Northeast is a not-for-profit auto club with 61 offices in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, New Hampshire and New York, providing more than 2 million local AAA members with travel, insurance, finance, and auto-related services.
Boustead Securities Client to Trade Under Ticker Symbol "YERR"
NEW YORK, NY and WUHAN, CHINA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Boustead Securities client Yangtze River Development Limited, ("YERR" or the "Company"), a Chinese infrastructure company that is engaged in the business of real estate development with a port logistics project located in the middle reaches of the Yangtze River, announced that its common stock has been approved for listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market and is expected to commence trading under the ticker symbol "YERR" on April 19, 2017. The Company's common stock will continue to trade as "YERR" on the OTCQX until the market close on April 18, 2017.
"Uplisting to NASDAQ represents an important milestone for Yangtze River Development Limited," said Xiangyao Liu, CEO, Yangtze River Development Limited. "Trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market will increase our visibility and enhance our corporate profile. We believe that access to a broader and more institutional investor base that a NASDAQ listing provides will lead to improved value and liquidity for all of our shareholders," they concluded.
"YERR has made significant progress as a result of investing nearly USD$300 million in assets and earning a market capitalization approaching USD$800 million, and the NASDAQ listing is another achievement for the Company's growth plan," said Dan McClory, Managing Director and Head of China for Boustead Securities, LLC, YERR's Underwriter and Financial Advisor. "YERR plans to be among China's leaders in the creation of infrastructure to build out and optimize the 'One Belt, One Road' initiative, which remains a major priority for Beijing and its continued development of international trade projects," McClory stated. "We are pleased to be assisting YERR in obtaining and putting to work the capital required to build out such a strategic and large-scale development," they said.
ABOUT YANGTZE RIVER DEVELOPMENT LTD.:
Yangtze River Development Limited primarily engages in the business of real estate development with a port logistic project located in the middle reaches of the Yangtze River. Wuhan Newport is a large infrastructure development project implemented under China's "One Belt One Road" initiative and is strategically positioned in the "Free Trade Zone" of the Wuhan Port, a crucial trading window between China, the Middle East and Europe. To be fully developed upon completion of three phases, within the logistics center, there will be six operating zones, including a port operation area, warehouse and distribution area, a cold chain logistics area, rail cargo loading area, exhibition area and residential community. The logistics center is also expected to provide a number of shipping berths for cargo ships of various sizes. Wuhan Newport is expected to provide domestic and foreign businesses direct access to the anticipated Free Trade Zone in Wuhan. For additional information please go to: http://www.yerr.com.cn
ABOUT BOUSTEAD SECURITIES, LLC:
Boustead Securities, LLC is an investment banking firm that advises clients on IPOs, mergers and acquisitions, capital raises and restructuring assignments in a wide array of industries, geographies and transactions. Our core value proposition is our ability to create opportunity through innovative solutions and tenacious execution. With experienced professionals in the United States and around the world, Boustead's team moves quickly and provides a broad spectrum of sophisticated financial advice and services. For additional information please go to: www.boustead1828.com
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:38 We'll be there
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
0:23 Weddington Warriors are 3AA champions
—
The line-up of ‘trophy girls' at this year's Grammy Awards on Sunday was more diverse than prior years, including for the first time a trans woman and a cis man.
“To be honest, the idea of a ‘trophy girl' has felt antiquated for some time now,” said Neil Portnow, president of the Recording Academy. “Who wrote that rule anyway?”
The Academy said the change reflects that “music's universal power lies in its spirit of inclusion”.
Model Martina Robledo and model and actor Derek Marrocco handed out this year's trophies, alongside model and actor Hollin Haley.
Orange is the New Black star Laverne Cox also attended the ceremony and presented an award.
Adele sang a tribute to George Michael and took out five Grammys, including Album of the Year for 25.
They commented, “What the fuck does [Beyoncé] have to do to win Album of the Year?” before breaking the award in half to share it.
Beyoncé won Best Urban Contemporary Album for Lemonade and Best Music Video for ‘Formation'.
David Bowie was honoured with five awards, including Best Rock Song for ‘Blackstar'.
For more information, call Nicole Pena, 350-0501, or email them at [email protected] ; or call Joan Reden, 895-3853 or email them at [email protected]
A costume contest for all ages and for pets will be start at 6 p.m., and lots of trick-or-treat candy, toys and surprises will be provided by the Chamber and local merchants. Food will be for sale by the Santa Ynez Valley Elks Lodge #2640.
This year's festivities have been expanded to include free pony rides, obstacle course, tricycle race course, bounce houses, games and free live entertainment by the Agin Brothers & Territorial Law Band.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
Washington coach Lorenzo Romar reflects on loss to Washington State
Bobby Wagner says Seahawks changed run fits on D to change game at SF
Governor Inslee Comes to Tumwater High
Chris Petersen discusses loss to Alabama in Peach Bowl
QB Jake Browning talks after Peach Bowl loss to Alabama
5:23
Vail, Colorado. John Moore/Getty Images
This article is published through a partnership with New York Media's Strategist. The partnership is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change. Every editorial product is independently selected by New York Media. If you buy something through our links, Slate and New York Media may earn an affiliate commission.
Status can be a funny thing. Of course its most obvious iteration comes with shiny hardware and easily recognizable logos, but it gets far more interesting as you narrow it down to the more opaque signals—when the way you tuck your shirt, or what you eat for breakfast, or your particular brand of notebook can mark you as in or out. And of course, what counts as a status item varies wildly across human tribes. In our series, Insider Goods, we're talking to tribe members (some with their real names, some anonymously) to find out the status items among art-gallery assistants, or Broadway actors, or architects. Today, we hear from Nicole, who lives in Golden, Colorado and has been skiing Vail for the past 20 years, about ski gear and the difference between a Vail local and a Vail socialite.
“There are definitely two different types of Vail residents. The more status socialite and then the other people there who take their skiing very seriously. Within that there are skiers and snowboarders.
We'll start with the more serious people who are definitely decked out in the latest Patagonia or Marmot gear, both pants and jackets. The skier Chris Davenport does this thing called Protect Our Winters that's all about sustainability and climate change. There's big support for that because if there's no snow in Vail, we don't have much ski season or resort traffic, and that's their bread and butter. That's why everyone has Patagonia jackets. Also, layering is important and their down insulation jackets are good because you can layer them over sweaters on really cold days or just wear that over a base layer for warmer spring days.”
BUY: Patagonia Women's Primo Down Jacket
$699, Patagonia
“Patagonia also has a pretty good corner on the long-underwear market. There's this Norwegian brand called Kjus that has some decent options, but Patagonia and North Face are usually the go-to.”
BUY: Patagonia Women's Capilene Midweight Bottoms
$69, Amazon
“For boots, it's Sorels. That's what you see people wearing in all their different variations and prices.”
BUY: Women's Sorel Caribou
$130, Amazon
“Everybody skis in a nice pair of Smartwool socks. Those are the go-to and they sell them in every shop in Vail.”
BUY: Smartwool Women's PhD Ski Ultra Light Pattern Socks
$23, Amazon
“For skis, one of the favorites for a wide sect of skiers is Kastle. They're pretty popular on the hill right now. K2 is also always a big one and Rossignol is your classic ski that always produces a ski for every person on the mountain. There's a trend right now that the wider the better, so you'll see people walking around with skis so wide that look like water skis. Those are meant for powder, so they're always hoping for the next big dump, which this season has been far and few between so far.”
BUY: Kastle BMX 105 Ski
$899, Amazon
“For boards, Burton is always the big one. They do the Burton U.S. Open snowboard competition in Vail every year. And then there's a smaller Colorado brand called Never Summer. They're handmade in Colorado and have a big following here because of the whole sustainability crowd.”
BUY: Burton Clash Snowboard
$300, Amazon
“POC is the helmet brand. I don't know why it's so popular, but they're definitely the one you see on the mountain. Lately, people are starting to shy away from helmets and go back to pom-pom beanies, which is weird, but POC helmets is what you see people mostly wearing on the hill.”
BUY: POC Receptor BUG Adjustable 2.0 Ski Helmet
$64, Amazon
“That's always paired with the latest Smith or Oakley mirror-lens goggles.”
BUY: Smith Optics I/OX Goggle
$200, Amazon
“Now for the socialites. You always see them in big Moon Boots or those big fur boots that are super expensive and make you look like a walking yeti.”
BUY: Tecnica Unisex Moon Nylon Fashion Boot
$48, Amazon
BUY: Mia Paris Fur Boot
$1,198, Gorsuch
“They'll also wear Bogner jackets and tight black Bogner pants. That's the look for the people who care more about how they look than how they ski.”
BUY: Bogner Fire+Ice Sally Jacket With Fur
$899, Amazon
BUY: Bogner Stirrup Pants Elaine
$550, Amazon
“For the men, you can always tell the Texan skiers if they're wearing a Descente jacket. It's a pretty pricey brand, and the people with money from Texas who ski like three days a year are usually in that. It's decent performance-wise, but I think it goes back to the sustainability stuff that Patagonia pushes that makes them way more popular here.”
BUY: Descente Bern Ski Jacket Men's
$580, Amazon
“Those beanies with fur pom-poms are everywhere, and you see a lot of people wearing Love Your Melon hats après ski. Then there's also throwback Patagonia pom-pom hats, and for the ladies with money, it's definitely those leather and fur ear warmers.”
BUY: Love Your Melon Navy Pom Pom Beanie
$50, Love Your Melon
BUY: Patagonia Powder Town Beanie
$39, Amazon
BUY: Surell Accessories Fox Fur Headband
$225, Neiman Marcus
“It's funny because you can always tell the people who've been to Vail because there's this shop called Colorado Limited that sells this standard-issue blue hoodie with the Colorado flag. You see it everywhere and you're like, Oh, you've been to Vail!”
BUY: Heather Blue Colorado Hoodie
$49, Amazon
One more thing You depend on Slate for sharp, distinctive coverage of the latest developments in politics and culture. Now we need to ask for your support. Our work is more urgent than ever and is reaching more readers—but online advertising revenues don't fully cover our costs, and we don't have print subscribers to help keep us afloat. So we need your help. If you think Slate's work matters, become a Slate Plus member. You'll get exclusive members-only content and a suite of great benefits—and you'll help secure Slate's future. Join Slate Plus
By Robyn Collins
Miley Cyrus brought out a very special guest for their performance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last night (Oct. 5) It was none other than their dad, Billy Ray Cyrus.
Related: Miley Cyrus Impersonates Dolly Parton
The daughter-dad pair teamed up for a cover of Tom Petty's “Wildflowers.” The fiddle and family harmonies gave the folk-rock tune more of a country feel. Dressed in a light pink feminine strapless dress, Miley sang with passion and sensitivity, leaving a lump in the throats of Petty's fans, who lost the legendary rocker October 2 after they suffered a heart attack.
Watch the performance below.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The games do not get any easier for Reading FC as they look to get their season back on track.
Jaap Stam's side return to league action on Saturday, October 14 with a potentially tricky trip to Leeds United.
It's the start of a block of five games which could end up defining Royals' season.
The club sit in 20th place in the Championship table so a positive run could see them surge up the league.
On the other hand, a continuation of negative results could mean Reading is in a relegation battle.
Here is a closer look at the next five games - and a prediction for each one - before the international break at the beginning of November.
Leeds United (a) Saturday, October 14
Stam will be desperate to get one over the Whites who have started the season in fine form.
The stats suggest a home win is a formality, although Reading have a fairly decent record at Elland Road.
A win could be just the fillip Royals need to turn their season around, but unfortunately, we can't see it happening.
Prediction: Leeds 2 Reading 0
Sheffield United (a) Saturday, October 21
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Another tricky game in Yorkshire against Chris Wilder's in-form side.
Some have even suggested the Blades could 'do a Huddersfield' and make it into the play-offs at the end of the season - and even win it.
The outcome could depend on how Royals' visit to Leeds goes the week before so if it is a defeat as we predict, a draw at Bramall Lane could be the best we can hope for.
Prediction: Sheffield United 1 Reading 1
Middlesbrough (h) Saturday, October 28
Garry Monk's side have not yet lived up to the hype of being many people's favourites for this season's Championship title.
But they will no doubt have a good go at the end of the month at Madejski Stadium, where Royals have struggled so far.
Reading need to turn it into a fortress again and this could be the game to do it.
Prediction: Reading 2 Middlesbrough 1
Nottingham Forest (h) Tuesday, October 31
The second of back-to-back games at the Mad Stad and a chance for Reading to push on from the Boro result.
Playing under the lights makes for a special atmosphere and hopefully by this stage we could see the return of Yann Kermorgant.
They could be the difference in more games than not this season - including this one.
Prediction: Reading 1 Nottingham Forest 0
Derby County (a) Saturday, November 4
(Image: Get Reading)
Reading have enjoyed a number of memorable visits to Pride Park in recent years and could do with another one this time around.
The Rams have not had the best start under Gary Rowett but have plenty of quality on their books.
If Royals can stay in the game long enough, they could get a point here.
Prediction: Derby County 1 Reading 1
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page .
Property prices in Cyprus rose in the fourth quarter of 2017, according to RICS' latest Cyprus Property Price Index.
Across Cyprus, residential prices for both houses and flats increased on a quarterly basis by 0.8% and 1.4% respectively, with the biggest increase recorded in Larnaca with a quarterly increase of 2.7% for flats followed by Limassol with a quarterly increase of 1.5% for houses.
Values for holiday homes on a quarterly basis across Cyprus increased by 0.4% for flats and 0.3% for houses. Paphos showed the highest quarterly increases for holiday apartments with an increase of 1.33% and Paralimni for holiday homes with an increase of 0.9%.
Across Cyprus, on an annual basis (compared to Q4 2016), prices for flats rose by 7.1%, for houses by 4.3%, for offices by 8.3%, warehouses by 4.4% and retail by 3.1%. Across Cyprus, on an annual basis for flats and houses the highest increase was in Limassol with 11.1% and 12.6% respectively, for offices Nicosia with 17.7%, for warehouses and retail the highest increase was in Nicosia with 9.3% and 4.2% respectively.
Across Cyprus, on a quarterly basis rental values increased by 2.9% for apartments, 1.9% for houses, 0.6% for retail, 2.5% for offices and 0.2% for warehouses. Compared to Q4 2016, rents increased annually by 13.7% for flats, 8.2% for houses, 5.9% for retail, 19.2% for offices and for warehouses 1.8%.
The RICS Cyprus Property Price Index monitors the urban centres of Nicosia, Limassol, Larnaca, Paphos and Paralimni- Famagusta. The Index only tracks prices in the area controlled by the Republic of Cyprus.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Solihull Council's draft accounting statement was published this week, giving local residents the chance to inspect the authority's spending, income and overall financial position.
Weighing in at 165 pages, the document includes a narrative report, designed to put the data in context and give an overview of the "risks and opportunities" confronting the borough council.
We take a look at some of the headline facts and figures from the 2017/18 statement.
A changing population
While Solihull's population is growing at a slower rate than the country as a whole, it is still expected to see the number of residents grow by around 10 per cent by 2033. This expansion will place "considerable pressure" on services such as transport, housing, education and infrastructure.
Projections for the next few decades show that the relative ageing of the population will continue and the borough is also set to become more diverse.
The 2011 Census showed that black, Asian and other minority ethnic residents made up 11 per cent of the population. With this set to increase, the council has said that the design of services needs to take account of the changing demographic.
Mind the gap
Despite having a reputation for affluence, with above average wages and relatively low numbers of people claiming out-of-work benefits, Solihull is said to be the most polarised authority in the country.
National statistics show that 16 per cent of the borough's 134 neighbourhoods are classed among the most deprived in the country and 39 per cent counted among the least deprived.
"The borough has a persistent prosperity gap which has proved difficult to close," said the report.
A reduced workforce
The number of full-time equivalent staff employed by Solihull Council has fallen by some 11 per cent over the course of the past five years.
Now the local authority employs 4,200 (full-time equivalent) employees, around half of whom work in council-run schools.
The document recognises that the sizeable reduction in staff has placed pressures on the remaining workforce.
Council tax is key
Money from council tax is Solihull Council's single biggest source of income. In 2013/14 the levy already made up more than half of funding and the proportion has further grown in the years that have followed.
In the 2017/18 budget, revenue from the tax accounted for 71 per cent of all funding (£13million more than four years earlier).
Social care pressures
While the mounting strain on adult social care - fuelled by an ageing population and the increasing prevalence of dementia - is well-documented, there are also pressures on children's services.
Solihull Council notes that the number of youngsters in care had risen from 361 in March 2016 to 416 in March this year. There has also been an increase in the proportion of children deemed to have higher needs.
Bracing for Brexit
Cllr Bob Sleigh, Leader of Solihull Council, recently said that the administration was making preparations for a "post-Brexit economy" and the report has emphasised the importance of monitoring the impact that leaving the EU could have on the borough.
Thus far no projects in receipt of EU funding have been axed as a result of the referendum result of 2016, although the council concedes that any disruption to the economy could have wide-reaching consequences.
These run the gauntlet from a possible impact on council investments - should the stock market experience a wobble - through to increased pressure on services if unemployment starts to rise.
Peter O'Mahony will captain the British & Irish Lions against the Maori All Blacks at Rotorua International Stadium on Saturday. The Munster captain will follow tour skipper follows Sam Warburton, Ken Owens and Alun Wyn Jones in leading the tourists one week out from the first test.
The selection retains the core of the side that accounted for the previously unbeaten Crusaders last Saturday, as will be the case again when facing New Zealand next Saturday.
All told, 11 of the side which started against the Crusaders will do so against the Maoris, including all bar one of the pack, as Maro Itoje partners George Kruis in the absence of the rested asupervisorstioned Wyn Jones.
Similarly, having backed up last Tuesday in playing twice within four days, CJ Stander and Owen Farrell are also rested completely, as Johnny Sexton is re-united with Conor Murray at halfback, while in the absence of the departing Stuart Hogg, Leigh Halpfenny is restored at full-back and Anthony Watson starts on the wing.
This means that O'Mahony and Sean O'Brien flank Toby Faletau in the back-row, with Warburton on the bench, while Tadhg Furlong starts at tight-head. Jack McGrath and Iain Henderson are on the bench.
“We were obviously disappointed with the loss against the Highlanders and realise that we need to improve in several areas, including our discipline, but we feel that overall we are building well towards the Test matches,” said Warren Gatland.
“Every game is a big challenge, which is what we wanted, and this is an experienced Lions team with eight of the starting 15 involved in the last Test in Australia in 2013.”
Gatland added: “Peter is a proven captain with Munster. They never takes a backward step and we believe that those leadership qualities will serve us well on Saturday against a quality and determined Maori All Blacks team.”
LIONS: Leigh Halfpenny; Anthony Watson, Jonathan Davies, Ben Te'o, George North; Johnny Sexton, Conor Murray; Mako Vunipola, Jamie George, Tadhg Furlong; Maro Itoje, George Kruis; Peter O'Mahony (capt), Sean O'Brien, Taulupe Faletau.
Replacements: Ken Owens, Jack McGrath, Kyle Sinckler, Iain Henderson, Sam Warburton, Greig Laidlaw, Owen Farrell, Elliot Daly
US secretary of state Mike Pompeo and high-ranking North Korean official Kim Yong Chol held a second day of meetings in New York yesterday as they try to settle nuclear weapons disagreements and set the stage for an historic summit between their two leaders.
The two men left a 90-minute private dinner at a New York apartment on Wednesday night without providing details about their conversation.
Another round of talks was scheduled for Thursday, with Mr Pompeo expected to leave New York this afternoon.
The United States has been demanding that North Korea abandon its nuclear weapons program amid reports that it is close to being able to launch a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States.
Pyongyang has long argued that it needed nuclear weapons for its security.
There were reports earlier on Wednesday that South Korean officials were noting “quite significant” differences between the United States and North Korea over denuclearization.
The New York meetings follow high-level conversations Mr Pompeo held in North Korea in April and earlier in May and are intended to get negotiations between the two long-time adversaries back on track.
US president Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un had been scheduled to hold an unprecedented summit in Singapore on June 12th.
Disputes between Washington and Pyongyang led Mr Trump to cancel the meeting, only to see a renewal of diplomatic efforts in recent days.
‘Demands'
Kim Yong Chol, a close aide of Kim Jong-un and vice chairperson of the ruling Workers' Party's Central Committee, is the most senior North Korean official to meet senior US officials for talks in the United States in nearly two decades.
In return for giving up its nuclear weapons, Washington could potentially loosen sanctions on Pyongyang, leading to possible food and other aid to impoverished North Korea and improved ties with South Korea.
A senior State Department official briefed reporters separately as Mr Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol met late on Wednesday.
The official, who asked not to be identified, said North Korea is “going to have to make clear what they are willing to do” in response to Washington's demands.
Mr Trump, the official said, “can make a fly or no-fly decision anytime they want,” referring to the possible Singapore summit.
If not enough progress is made to lead to a productive meeting between Mr Trump and Kim Jong-un, the official said, “we will ramp up the pressure on them and we'll be ready for the day that hopefully they are ready.”
The two Koreas have technically been at war for decades, even though the Korean War's military combat ended in 1953, because a peace agreement was never signed. - Reuters
Jurgen Klopp has described Liverpool's Champions League play-off with Hoffenheim as “the most difficult step” towards reaching the lucrative group stage for only the second time in eight seasons.
Liverpool visits the Rhein-Neckar-Arena tonight without the injured Philippe Coutinho, Adam Lallana and Daniel Sturridge with the want-away Brazilian plus fresh set-piece problems at Watford on Saturday casting a shadow over the start of their campaign.
Hoffenheim, who like Liverpool finished fourth in their domestic league last season, have also suffered disruption this summer with two key players, the Germany internationals Sebastian Rudy and Niklas Sule, departing for Bayern Munich.
Klopp insists Liverpool are “in a good moment” for the first leg of the play-off and that the stance of owners Fenway Sports Group towards Coutinho has not changed following Friday's transfer request. But they believe Julian Nagelsmann's “confident and aggressive” Hoffenheim team represent the most difficult obstacle to Liverpool's aims of rejoining the European elite this season.
“This is the strongest qualification round,” the Liverpool manager said.
“England play Germany and you can go out against Germany. We were both fourth last season, both in strong leagues, but that does not increase the pressure. We want to go to the group stages. That was our target for the whole of last season and now we have two steps to go – but they are the most difficult steps. That is how it is.
“If anybody thinks because they don't know about German football or the quality of Hoffenheim – and a lot of people only know two names (Bayern and Borussia Dortmund) – it is clear we have to do the job. I am really positive and looking forward to the game even when I know it is really difficult. That is no problem. That is how it should be in the Champions League where all the games are difficult.”
Despite the difficulties posed by Hoffenheim, Klopp has called on their players to enjoy the pressure of the Champions League play-off.
“From all the signs of pre-season and the first game I think we are in a good moment,” they added. “But we have to show it tomorrow.
The pressure
“Yes it is big because we can go in the Champions League. You can see the opportunity in different ways. We have already qualified for European competition which we didn't have last year. I know now people will say: ‘Yes but who wants to play in the Europa League?'
“Manchester United didn't want to play it last year but they won it and now they are in the Champions League. Things happen like that. We can either allow the pressure of this game to increase over the next 24 hours to the extent that we cannot walk anymore, or we still try to enjoy this opportunity. I think that is the best way to do it.”
The Liverpool manager once again reiterated that FSG will not sell Coutinho this summer even with the 25-year-old, who misses the play off first leg with a back problem, agitating for a transfer. Klopp was reluctant to discuss the Brazil international but clarified their comments at Watford, where they stated “his bosses” will decide the player's future.
“It is not that I don't want to speak, it is that I can't change my answers,” they explained. “If they [FSG] say they [Barcelona] can bid whatever but we don't want it then that is a clear message.
“We don't want the money, we want to invest in the team and have the best team because we have our aims and dreams. That is the message.
“I have the player from 31 August latest, again, or when the back issue is sorted. There is nothing else I can say about it. I think I said ‘I have bosses', right? I have many bosses, including my wife.
“I can live with this, it's no problem. They are 100 per cent clear on it. There is nothing else to say.”
Guardian Service
Select a page Home News Categories — Breaking News — News Headlines — Politics — Sports News Programmes Audio Archive — Audio Archive — Interviews Advertising Freedom on Facebook Twitter About Us — Brief, Vision, Mission — Board of Directors — Editorial Board — Management — Testimonials
The Handmaid's Tale. Hulu
The Handmaid's Tale's second season begins midnightmare. The series' first season ended with the handmaid Offred (Elisabeth Moss) being escorted into a van by security forces, heading who knows where. The where, revealed in the new season's opening minutes, is sickening. It's remarkable how quickly the show, about a dystopic theocracy built on state-controlled fertility and ritualized rape, forced me to break glass in case of emergency, to crack the fourth wall in my mind and grab for some soothing extra-textual facts: It's not possible that this show is going to kill its star in the opening minutes of its second season, right?
If making an audience feel dread were the measure of a good television show, The Handmaid's Tale might be the best show of all time. The series arrived soon after Donald Trump's election and captured the zeitgeist not only thanks to the ascension of a brazenly sexist head of state but because of the show's panicked, nauseating mood, so evocative of the panicked, nauseating moment. I don't want to speak for anyone else, but I found watching The Handmaid's Tale to feel almost virtuous: There was something about burrowing into its horrifying make-believe, about averting my eyes from reality, but only to gaze on something even worse, that felt appropriately penitent and somber. Escaping into The Handmaid's Tale was like diving into a winter ocean—yes, it made the subzero beach feel momentarily balmy, but you had still braved the frigid, frightening sea.
If making an audience feel dread were the measure of a good television show, The Handmaid's Tale might be the best show of all time.
The new season begins at the gallows and visits a slaughterhouse, a gulag, and various torture chambers before the second episode is through. In its first few episodes it transforms itself into a thriller, and the ratcheting tension makes it more difficult to watch than ever. And yet as the horrors mount and mount, as I felt sicker and sicker, I kept thinking of This Is Us, NBC's hit family drama and cathartic cryfest about the essential decency and OK-ness of multicultural, liberal America in the age of Trump. Like This Is Us, though milking anxiety instead of tears, The Handmaid's Tale deftly makes you feel sad, at a time when feeling sad feels kind of good, or at least right. Moreover, The Handmaid's Tale suggests all this suffering has an end date: It won't go on forever, just for as long as The Handmaid's Tale is on the air. Revolution is just three, or four, or five seasons away.
Margaret Atwood's novel, on which the series is based, ended ambiguously, as did the first season of the show, with Offred being led to that unknown fate. The book's epilogue, set hundreds of years in the future, informed readers that its totalitarian government would fall, but it didn't say how or exactly when or what that meant for the characters in the novel. In the book, Offred was not a revolutionary but a regular woman, a formerly free woman, trying to survive a dehumanizing, misogynist regime. But TV, especially on multiseason shows, has difficulty with regular people: Every protagonist, after all, is the star of their own TV show.
After the world building is done, plot inevitably sneaks in. The depressing, ambiguous, horrifying end may arrive eventually, but before it does, there will be a narrative arc.
The world building in those early episodes of The Handmaid's Tale immersed viewers in terror, in the corpses hanging over the Charles River, in the monthly rape, the brainwashing, the literal eye for an eye. But then it broadened its scope, going off book, following one character as they escaped to Canada, giving Offred a quest—she would get their daughter and they would get out—and tapping directly into the #resistance, suggesting that the Handmaids might find empowerment in their collective. In a climatic scene, they refused orders, led by Offred's example.
The new season sprints further past Atwood's plot, their discipline, and their words. The first sign that things might be amiss arrives with Offred's opening narration: “Our father who art in heaven, seriously, what the actual fuck.” I have nothing but sympathy for anyone trying to write like Margaret Atwood, but—what the actual fuck? The solution can't be to not try. Instead of words, the show relies on silence, on montages, and, above all, on Elisabeth Moss' face, leaning even more heavily on the extended close-ups that were praised in Season 1. Moss is a spectacular actor, limpid and moving, but their talent further distinguishes Offred. To clock everything, to allow oneself to feel everything, to resist everything, as Moss' Offred does, is a special quality in a Handmaid, for whom hiding inside of oneself would be safer.
The first six episodes, all that was made available to critics, grapple with the question of Offred's singularity, whether they are just a handmaid or a handmaid superhero, whether they can be the one who gets away, or whether they too will be broken. But even as Offred traces a path from spectacular to shattered to somewhere in between, the plot churns. By the sixth episode, the handmaids are once again a locus of resistance.
The Handmaid's Tale is powerful and propulsive. After the first three episodes, when the horrors become more predictable, it's even pretty watchable. And, even so, it should have ended after the first season. (This makes it kin to another show, Homeland, which also chose more episodes, more plot over a perfect and gutting solo season.) In the new episodes, the show takes viewers to the oft-mentioned colonies, work camps where lesbians and other rule breakers shovel radioactive waste until they die. Emily (Alexis Bledel), the handmaid whose clitoris was cut off last season, insists on this multiple times: We're here, we work, we die. But it's hard to believe that the show will really sacrifice many of its full-time cast members to the awful fictional world it's built, where horror is all around, but freedom is just a few seasons away.
MIAMI (AP) — Gloria Estefan says their mother, Gloria Fajardo, has died at age 88.
The Grammy Award-winning singer announced the death on their Instagram account Wednesday.
Estefan says their mother died Tuesday. They didn't give a cause of death, but in previous Instagram posts, family members said Fajardo had been in the hospital for more than a month.
Fajardo was a Cuban teacher who fled with their husband to the United States in 1959 and settled in Miami when Fidel Castro rose to power and Estefan was only a toddler.
Fajardo received a standing ovation at one of their last public appearances, the February debut concert of Gloria Estefan's daughter.
In addition to Estefan, Fajardo is survived by a second daughter, Estefan's two children, and Estefan's grandson.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
…As LASG Thanks Motorists, Residents For Understanding
The contractor handling construction of the iconic Oshodi Transport Interchange on behalf of the Lagos State Government, Planet Projects Limited has completed the hoisting of Skywalk Bridge linking terminals one and two of the interchange.
The exercise, which started on Sunday evening and lasted till early hours of Wednesday, was supervised by relevant government agencies, and supported by Police, Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA) and the Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), among others to ensure security and safety.
The State Government had announced partial restriction of movement on Oshodi flyover to enable it advance the construction of the transport interchange.
Giving details on the exercise, Managing Director of Planet Projects, Mr. Biodun Otunola said the hoisting of the pedestrian bridge of the Oshodi transport interchange was a significant milestone in the construction of the project, saying that all hands were on deck to ensure the interchange is delivered between October and November, 2018.
“This bridge is the longest free-standing bridge in the history of this country. It spanned 53.2metres. It is only supported at the two ends without any support at the middle and it is part of the skywalk for the Oshodi Transport Interchange.
“This particular one links terminal one and terminal two. We also have another one that is linking terminals two and three and that is about 155metres long. The plan is that people can move from one end of the terminal to another be it from terminal one, two and three and then the nature of the terminal is such that we have six lifts and one escalator, and so in all we have 18 lifts and three escalators.
“For anyone to access each of the sky bridge, you have to use the lift and we also have staircase for emergency exit. The skywalk is part of the features of the Oshodi Transport Interchange designed to make travel pleasurable, enjoyable, safe and more comfortable for commuting Lagosians,” Otunola said.
Also speaking, Permanent Secretary, Lagos State Ministry of Transportation, Mr Taiwo Salaam, said the exercise was a critical stage of the construction of the interchange, saying it was in line with the vision of the State Government to redefine public transportation in the State.
“What is happening here is connectivity of terminal one and two of the transport interchange which has three terminals. It is a skywalk for pedestrians to link the terminals and this is an intermodal connectivity that is taking place.
“The dream of Lagos State Government under their Excellency, Governor Akinwunmi Ambode is to bring a befitting public-passenger transport that is sustainable, safe, frequent and reliable to people and the new Bus Reform Project needs all these appurtenances and infrastructure to be able to effectively run public-passenger transportation,” Salaam said.
They said the Oshodi interchange, when operational, would process minimum of one million passengers daily, while the Ikeja Bus Terminal which was constructed as part of the vision to transform public transportation would process 600,000 passengers daily.
“If we compare the two with processing of passengers to local and international airport, they are far below at about 21,000 passengers, and so for us in Lagos, we believe there is need to bequeath functional, efficient, safe and comfortable transportation system to our people,” Salaam said.
They said as part of plan for intermodal transport system, work was progressing on the Blue Line as well as Red Line Rail projects, while the State Government was also constructing new ferry routes and jetties to boost water transportation.
On their part, General Manager of LASEMA, Mr Adesina Tiamiyu said the agency was principally at the scene of the construction to provide the necessary safety backup and help to ensure hitch-free exercise.
“As an agency, the Oshodi interchange is a massive project and we are here first to give support to the project and secondly, we have also come with the capacity that we have to be able to provide an emergency services if the need arises.
“We have medical team with an ambulance on standby; we have lifting capacity with a forklift that could assist if they need them; we also have tow trucks because we have done some diversions here and if there are issues with broken down vehicles, we have to quickly do that so that we don't lock up this road,” Tiamiyu said.
Meanwhile, the State Government has commended motorists and residents for their understanding and cooperation while the hoisting of the skywalk bridge lasted.
Salaam said the total cooperation of motorists during the period the flyover was closed to traffic, led to the completion of the installation process without any hitch.
The State Government also commended the project team led by Messrs Planet Projects Limited, Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), Rapid Response Squad (RRS) of the Nigerian Police and other security agencies community for making the exercise come to completion safely and without any incidents.
I have the eyes of a predator and I use them. When I hunt or fish, the purpose is obvious. Otherwise, looking at the natural world through the eyes of an intelligent predator is for the purposes of learning and understanding changes in the natural order. Seasonal changes make for a perfect example.
I've been noticing coyotes using nature corridors into our communities. I've watched them trot along our bushy creek beds and through agricultural fields and orchards. During the daytime they are more reserved, but at night they assert themselves as bold, smart and resourceful predators.
This is the time of year we expect to see numerous varmints foraging throughout our neighborhoods. The weather is hot and dry, and it is necessary to range farther afield in search of water and prey. Many varmints are adept at stealth hunting in town. Raccoons and skunks forage mostly at night and try to stay out of sight. They have few enemies in town, except for us humans.
Most dogs going after one of these hunters are quickly taught a lesson. Size isn't everything. A snarly disposition or a horrible scent gland can go a long way in a fight.
Large critters such as cougar, bobcat and bear may forage throughout the fringes of town. A coyote is high on the food chain because it ranges far, hunts smart and will eat most anything. Of all the foraging wild varmints who venture into town, the coyote is the one that earns my greatest respect. Fresh meat is its first choice, but most everything else ranks second.
I most often see coyotes hunting in the pre-dawn hours. The daytime foraging pattern of one I nearly collided with recently on Los Carneros Road reminds me that they are expanding their time range as well as their geographic range during this dry, hot time of year. Why is that? I'm thinking that daytime is when we have more of our pets outside, where they are vulnerable.
Our pets make fine meals for a coyote. At this season, more than any other, it is important to protect your pets. Keep your cats indoors. Keep a sharp eye on small dogs. Hide your hamsters. Hang your bird cage someplace safe. Leave your pet lizards in the house. Cover the koi pond. Take every precaution to keep your pets from becoming prey.
Think about how awful it would be to watch a coyote halt and gaze haughtily at you while your kitty is hanging from its hungry mouth.
— Capt. David Bacon operates WaveWalker Charters and is president of SOFTIN Inc., a nonprofit organization providing seafaring opportunities for those in need. Visit softininc.blogspot.com to learn more about the organization and how you can help.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The sons of an Ockbrook man who died at their home two days ago have today revealed what happened.
Stuart and Luke Slater decided to speak out to quash rumours about Wednesday's tragedy which led to armed officers, forensics teams and sniffer dogs to be sent to the scene.
The brothers have revealed that their father, Fred, took their own life following a battle with depression.
The distraught pair also said their mother, Carol, had been injured in trying to save the 72-year-old and is still in hospital but was not seriously hurt.
(Image: Courtesy of the Slater family)
Police were called out on Wednesday morning and found the body of Mr Slater at a house in Bare Lane.
The tragedy was described as a “domestic incident” and Stuart and Luke said they wanted to quash any false rumours.
Stuart said: “Given the nature of the incident, we don't want people to believe that this was an aggressive, out-of-the-blue incident. We don't want all the people who knew and loved dad to think wrongly of him.
“This was an awful event that occurred because dad was really poorly, and not because of some domestic dispute.”
Explaining the background to the tragedy, Stuart said: “About a year and a half ago, dad developed a mental illness – a depression, basically. He'd been very poorly since, and we'd been trying really hard to look after dad and hope that they could get better.
“Prior to the incident this week, there was never any evidence of danger or threat from dad. They just became very withdrawn and not our loving, normal dad.
“He was receiving treatment from the doctor and had been staying in hospital. The doctors tried lots and lots of different things and felt they couldn't do anything more.
“We had them back home and it was lovely having them back home. I don't want to go into details about what happened. I would just say that dad took their own life and, in doing so, our mum was hurt, but not critically.
“We're so grateful to everybody who helped get mum to the hospital and get them better.”
Stuart and Luke said their mum would be released from hospital “soon”.
“Whether she'll come back here [to Ockbrook], we haven't decided yet,” said Stuart.
Stuart and Luke said their father had worked in the railway industry for their entire career, including for British Rail and Bombardier.
Paying tribute, they said: “Our dad worked on the railway all their life. Consequently, they were very well known by lots of people in the Derby area.
“He was known and regarded as a very kind, fair and honest man, and was loved for that. They managed a department of the railway over many years and progressed to quite a senior position on the strength of their hard work ethic and how well people responded to them as a manager.
“Aside from that, dad was a really keen musician. They played in bands and music was their real sort of love.
“We'd like to get the point across about how much we loved our dad. We're so sad to lose them and to not have them in our lives any more.“
Meanwhile, Derbyshire police have thanked those who responded to an appeal following Mr Slater's death.
A force spokesperson said: “Our officers were called to a house on Bare Lane on Wednesday, January 31. On arrival a man was found dead inside the property and a woman was taken to hospital.
“On Thursday, we released an appeal to trace a passer-by who stopped to help the injured woman.
“This woman has now been traced and has spoken to officers.”
Detective Inspector John Murphy said: “I would like to thank the public for contacting us with information relating to this incident.
“I would also like to thank the local community who assisted us with our enquiries.
“The woman that was taken to hospital and is now doing well and it is hoped that they will be home soon.
“I would like to reiterate that we are not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident.”
