Brooklyn-based brewery Lineup Brewing thought they were paying homage to the pop megastar by creating a beer line in their influence, but Beyoncé's sacred brand is not willing to risk it.
According to Pitchfork, Lineup Brewing received a cease and desist letter over the curation of their pilsner, Bïeryoncé. Owner of the brewery, Katarina Martinez told Pitchfork the inspiration to create Bïeryoncé follows an experience of when they missed a Beyoncé show even though they bought their own set of tickets. “As a Hispanic, female run business, I am very inspired by them so I thought I'd pay homage,” the Bïeryoncé owner told Pitchfork. “We're disappointed they didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!” There is reportedly one batch available for sale, strictly while supplies last.
If there is anything you must know about Beyoncé, it is that the “Formation” singer takes their brand very seriously. This is a mentality that was bestowed upon them through their business savvy parents. In April 2016, Beyoncé sued Texas merchandise company, Feyoncé over copyright infringement. The company's website sold a collective of shirts, hoodies, tank tops that were stamped with one of the singer's most acclaimed quotables “put a ring on it.”
Israel Defense Forces tanks have opened fire at a Hamas observation post, in response to rocket fire into Israel, according to Gaza sources.
The Gaza rocket apparently exploded in an open area, causing no casualties or damage.
The Teachers' Union announced Monday evening that it was canceling the strike in about 110 high schools that had been planned for Tuesday.
The announcement came in light of a new salary agreement that was signed.
Whoever said you can never have too much of a good thing never watched the PGA Tour very closely. Last year, there was a one-week hiatus between the Ryder Cup and the next season; this year, there probably will be no such break between the Presidents Cup and the next one.
The result is a market too saturated from this never-ending schedule. Many players feel pressure to continue competing year-round due to fear of falling behind their peers. Even worse, fans never get a chance to miss it, because it never goes away.
I not only believe new commissioner Jay Monahan should fix this issue, I think they will.
When the FedEx Cup was first implemented, then-commish Tim Finchem spoke of the need to conclude before football season. Nice idea, but the Tour Championship still coincides with football, as does the start of the following PGA Tour campaign each year.
All of which leads to this suggestion for Monahan as they take over in the role: shorten the FedEx Cup playoffs to three events instead of four (which will make it more imperative for the top players to play each of 'em) and conclude the festivities on Labor Day, preferably on the West Coast, where golf can receive a prime time audience on what is considered the last day of summer. Then don't come back until January, offering a true finale and beginning to each of the seasons that won't bleed into one another.
Those within the confines of PGA Tour headquarters -- Monahan included -- will publicly contend that this scenario offers fewer playing opportunities for the membership and privately worry that it pushes away willing title sponsors.
Problem solved. The fall events (which now include an Asian swing) can still be played as part of their own short season. Want more incentive for players? Broker a deal with the powers-that-be at Augusta National which will state that individual tournament winners don't receive Masters invitations, but the top-five on the short-season money/points list do.
That will keep players playing, which in turn will keep sponsors happy without blurring the lines for fans from one season to the next.
Each day this week, ESPN.com will drop a few items into the suggestion box for new PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan, who started in their new job on Jan. 1, 2017. Next up: On Tuesday, Jan. 3, Bob Harig writes about announcing player fines and suspensions.
BRUSSELS (AP) — Movie star Angelina Jolie says they and NATO's chief have agreed on ways to help the military alliance better combat the use of sexual violence against women and children in conflict zones.
Jolie said Wednesday that wherever sexual violence occurs "peace is far harder and far more costly to achieve. It therefore has a direct bearing on NATO's efforts to protect stability."
Speaking after a meeting with NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in Brussels, they said: "We are going to focus on training, reporting, monitoring and awareness as a way of ending impunity."
Jolie, a special envoy for the U.N. refugee agency, warned that rape is being "used as a weapon to achieve political or military goals."
FILE - In this Oct. 13, 2017, file photo, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos speaks during a dinner hosted by the Washington Policy Center in Bellevue, Wash. DeVos says college students will soon be able to file their applications for federal student aid through a mobile app. DeVos is pledging to modernize the financial aid applications and make it more accessible and simpler. They spoke Tuesday at a conference of student aid professionals in Orlando, Florida. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File)
By Lisa Lambert
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Education Department under President Donald Trump and Secretary Betsy DeVos has stopped cancelling the student-loan debt of people defrauded by failed for-profit schools and those borrowers face mounting interest and other burdens, its inspector general said on Monday.
DeVos is seeking to redo the process for cancelling the debts of people who attended Corinthian Colleges, which collapsed in 2015 amid government investigations into its post-graduation rates, and other failed schools.
In the final days of their administration, President Barack Obama approved rules speeding up the debt cancellations. DeVos has delayed implementing those rules, saying they would create significant costs for taxpayers.
According to a report by the inspector general, DeVos also brought the existing cancellation process to a crawl.
Since Trump's inauguration on Jan. 20, the department has received 25,991 claims for discharging loans. It has denied two requests and approved none, the inspector general, an independent auditor within the agency, found.
That is in contrast to Obama's final months in office. From July 1, 2016, through inauguration, the department received 46,274 claims and approved 27,986. It denied none.
Caught in limbo, borrowers are seeing interest and fees accrue and their credit damaged, the inspector general's report showed. Borrowers could ultimately owe more on a denied discharge than if they had not asked for cancellation and simply continued making payments, the inspector said.
Some state attorneys general have pushed the department to cancel the loans, saying students cannot afford to repay the often-large amounts because the schools did not give them adequate training or a diploma.
The inspector general also found the department did not have a sufficient information system and had to manually retrieve claims data.
"Hundreds of thousands of students were defrauded and cheated by predatory colleges that broke the law, but today's report confirms Secretary DeVos tried to shirk their responsibility to these students and shut down the borrower-defense program, leaving them with nowhere to turn," said Senator Patty Murray, the senior Democrat on the Education Committee.
In a memo to the inspector general, A. Wayne Johnson, chief operating officer of the federal student aid program, said the department has "authorized an interest credit" for long-outstanding claims, will resume reviewing some claims and will soon approve claims for 11,000 Corinthian students.
(Reporting by Lisa Lambert; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And they say the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but they say they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because they say previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," they say. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
LOS FRESNOS, Texas (AP) — Gabriel Canas, a bus driver from El Salvador who fled their homeland after members of MS-13 stormed their bus, did an initial screening interview for asylum under the worst circumstances.
They hadn't spoken to their 9-year-old daughter since the Border Patrol separated them two weeks earlier. And in that time, they had been moved repeatedly from one detention facility to another.
"The day I had my interview, I wasn't well because they'd taken my daughter away. I was worried sick. I didn't know where they are. I hadn't spoken to her," Canas told a judge at the Port Isabel Detention Center in Texas, where parents of many of the more than 2,000 children who were separated under the Trump administration's "zero tolerance" policy await their fate.
Their case illustrates an overlooked effect of the separations: Some immigrants complain that they stumbled through their first asylum interviews when they were deeply distraught over losing their children. The interviews can have life-changing consequences because they are critical to establishing why families cannot return home safely.
Not until a day after the interview did Canas learn through a lawyer what happened to their child. The asylum officer who conducted the interview issued a deportation order. On Monday, an immigration judge upheld it.
The judge cited new Justice Department guidelines that gang violence is not sufficient grounds for asylum. But Canas blames their poor interview and plans to seek another one.
Volunteer lawyers say parents are distressed about losing their children and having no firm date for when they will reunite, putting them at a big disadvantage when they meet with asylum officers from the Citizenship and Immigration Service.
The so-called credible-fear interviews at Port Isabel take place by phone within two to four weeks of a parent's arrest and last 45 to 90 minutes each, according to immigration attorney Jodi Goodwin. Getting an answer can take a week.
To clear the initial hurdle, asylum seekers must demonstrate a "significant possibility" that they can prove that they have been persecuted or have a well-founded fear of persecution on grounds of race, religion, nationality, membership in a social group or political opinion if they are returned home.
They are judged partially on the consistency of their statements to border inspectors at the time of arrest. Attorneys say many asylum seekers, usually speaking through translators, fumble their interviews by holding back on details that may help their cases.
The risks of the interviews don't trouble immigration hard-liners. Many of them see the asylum process as a joke, saying it invites fraud by migrants who exaggerate claims and exploit loopholes to get into the U.S. When legal groups talk about flubbed interviews or asylum seekers who need to be coached through the process, hard-liners see evidence that migrants are rehearsing from a script.
Harlingen immigration attorney Norma Sepulveda is representing a dozen parents detained at Port Isabel, including Canas.
"The first thing they said to the asylum officer was: Do you know where my daughter is?" said Sepulveda, who found the girl in Arizona after they were transferred there from Chicago.
After President Donald Trump ordered an end to the separations on June 20, border authorities generally stopped splitting up families for prosecution. But many at Port Isabel were arrested before Trump reversed course and are still separated. A federal judge in San Diego ruled last week that families must be reunited in 30 days, or 14 days if the children are younger than 5 years old.
Many of the parents have already been interviewed. Goodwin, who spearheads a network of volunteer lawyers, estimates that their attorneys had counseled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel by the end of June. Most of them — about 150 — had already been through initial interviews.
Among those parents, more than half had talked to their children by phone. But they typically knew only that the children were in a government shelter and maybe the state or city where it was.
More than 3 out of 4 asylum seekers passed the screening from October to January, according to the latest published statistics. That approval rate may fall after Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to declare that domestic and gang violence are generally not sufficient grounds for asylum.
In Canas' case, the immigration judge cited the June 11 order from Sessions.
"It's not that I think that your fear is illegitimate," Judge Morris Onyewuchi said. "But the cops I must follow have ruled that gang extortion, gang recruitment are not grounds for asylum."
Citizenship and Immigration Services said it asks every asylum seeker if they feel comfortable proceeding and, if not, the interview is rescheduled.
"All applicants are asked about their health, to include their mental health and have the opportunity to discuss that issue as well as any issue that might impact their case with the interviewing officer. Our supervisors are directed to reschedule cases pending concerns that the applicant might have," the agency said in a statement.
The advocacy group Kids in Need of Defense sent volunteer attorneys to Port Isabel this week with the goal of counseling parents before their initial screening.
"We are talking to people who are distraught because they don't know where their children are and they're facing a complex, potentially life-or-death interview," said Wendy Young, president of the group. "To have to face a complicated legal proceeding when you're so focused on the safety of your child, I can't imagine what that feels like."
Canas, who was separated from their daughter at the Texas border, hopes to be reunited with them and to join their legal-resident parents and U.S. citizen sister in the U.S. Their chances are poor, Sepulveda said, but they will seek a fresh asylum review.
"The purpose of coming here was to save my life and my daughter's life," they said. "That's all."
___
See AP's complete coverage of the debate over the Trump administration's policy of family separation at the border: https://apnews.com/tag/Immigration
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
WWE Network
On Saturday, we shared with you the news that wrestling legend ‘The Nature Boy' Ric Flair had been checked into an ICU by their family for what was being described as “routine monitoring.” While that news was scary, the overall sentiment from their representatives is that it was nothing to panic about. As it turns out, the situation may be more serious than we'd thought.
As of Monday afternoon, Flair is reportedly still hospitalized, with conflicting reports of the severity of their “tough medical issues.” In a message board post, Dave Meltzer explained that Charlotte Flair was kept updated during their appearances in China and that things must have taken a turn for the “worst.”
“Charlotte was well aware of everything while in China, that much I know. They were one of the few. “Must have been a turn for the worst. I was pretty concerned when I heard nothing all day, was just too long since I heard from anyone.”
That was posted in response to a fan saying, “Looks like they wanted to wait for Charlotte to get back before posting the real status on him.”
If that's not enough, Jimmy Van of Fightful tweeted that according to sources close to the situation, the Nature Boy has been placed in a “medically induced coma.”
Getty Image
The NBA's biggest day of the regular season is Christmas Day, which oftentimes features the most important regular-season games of the year. Beyond that, the league has done its best to give hoops fans as much basketball as it can on another holiday: Martin Luther King Jr. Day. This year, the league will copy its formula from Christmas and give us a rematch of the last three NBA Finals on MLK Day.
Thanks to today's release of the league's full schedule, we learned that the Cleveland Cavaliers will play host to the Golden State Warriors for the first (and only) time during the 2017-18 regular season on Jan. 15 at 8 p.m. It will air on TNT, and is going to highlight a fascinating day of basketball. Here's the league's entire slate that day:
A rare, white moose was spotted taking a swim in in Sweden's Varmland County.Hans Nilsson captured the video and told Sweden's Sveriges Radio the experience was "as great as seeing a leopard in Africa."White moose are extremely rare and according to the BBC, there are just about 100 white moose in Sweden. Despite their pale appearance, the animals actually aren't albino. Instead, they have a genetic mutation that causes their fur to turn white.
Latency cut for cable linking Australia, NZ and the US
A survey of around 15,000 kilometres of seabed has found a faster route for the Southern Cross NEXT cable project, which will connect Sydney, Auckland, and Los Angeles.
Southern Cross Cables today announced that the survey had been completed for the third route on its subsea network, with a new plan to lay cable in waters off the Wallis and Fortuna islands cutting the expected latency of the cable.
The existing Southern Cross Cable Network provides 20 terabits per second capacity; the US$350 million Southern Cross NEXT project will deliver an additional 60Tbps. The new cable is expected to be operational by late 2019.
In addition to connecting Australia, New Zealand and the US, a number of Pacific nations, including Fiji, Samoa, Tokelau and Kiribati, are expected to be hooked up to NEXT. Including the four Pacific nations, Southern Cross has received written intent from eight customers.
“The route we have chosen will deliver the fastest connection between the shores of Australia, New Zealand and US – and we're also connecting up several Pacific Island nations as well,” said Southern Cross Cable Network CEO Anthony Briscoe.
The company said that a request for proposal for a cable vendor is currently underway; vendor selection is expected to be completed by the end of 2017.
The survey, conducted by EGS, also discovered a shipwreck off the coast of Sydney, Southern Cross said.
The Southern Cross Cable Network is 50 per cent owned by Spark NZ, with Optus' parent company Singtel holding a 40 per cent stake and Verizon Business 10 per cent.
Earlier this year Southern Cross introduced new service offerings based on software-defined networking (SDN).
In April, a consortium that brings together AARNet, Google, Indosat Ooredoo, Singtel, SubPartners and Telstra announced they had signed an agreement with Alcatel Submarine Networks (ASN) to build the INDIGO cable system.
That cable system — formerly known as APX West and Central — will connect Singapore, Australia and Indonesia. Construction of the cable is expected to be completed by mid-2019.
PARIS (AP) — French drugmaker Sanofi has made another big purchase aimed at strengthening its position in rare disease treatments, buying Belgian biotech company Ablynx for 3.9 billion euros ($4.8 billion).
Sanofi announced Monday that the deal was approved by the boards of both companies. Sanofi is paying 45 euros per share.
Danish drugmaker Novo Nordisk had also sought to buy Ablynx but the Belgian company said Novo Nordisk's offers were too low.
Ablynx is notably developing nanobodies, small antibodies that it hopes can be used to treat blood disorders, inflammation and respiratory diseases.
Sanofi says the purchase will boost its rare blood disorder portfolio, after announcing earlier this month that it's buying U.S. hemophilia specialist Bioverativ for $11.6 billion.
The pharmaceutical industry is seeing increasing interest in rare diseases.
A resident of Herzliya was arrested yesterday because of a US request to extradite them to them on suspicion of murdering their mother.
They allegedly drugged their mother with a sleeping drug and stabbed them to death in their car.
The suspect, Thomas Joseph Gross, will be brought to the Jerusalem District Court for a remand hearing tomorrow.
Getty Image
Comedian Ralphie May, who first broke onto the national scene thanks to a scene-stealing series of appearances during the first season of NBC's Last Comic Standing, has died at the age of 45. The news, which TMZ initially broke on Friday afternoon, was confirmed by May's manager Judie Marmel, who spoke with The Hollywood Reporter. According to Marmel, May suffered a fatal cardiac arrest at a private residence in Las Vegas, where the comic had been performing several dates at Harrah's ahead of a new nationwide tour.
Per THR, May suffered a debilitating bout of pneumonia about a month ago. Since then he'd split their time attempting to recover and preparing for their new tour. May was ultimately forced to cancel several dates because of their sickness, but the comedian pressed on with several back-to-back shows at Harrah's in Vegas this week. Their body was found Friday morning.
May appeared in a 2016 episode of Inside Amy Schumer, though the comedian was primarily known as a touring stand-up. They also released two specials, Ralphie May: Imperfectly Yours in 2013 and Ralphie May: Unruly in 2015, on Netflix — many years before the streaming giant's recent comedy boom took shape.  They are survived by their wife, fellow comedian Lahna Turner, and their two children, April June May and August James May.
(Via The Hollywood Reporter and TMZ)
Services sector activity in the UK economy extended its rebound in the month of June, and surprised markets to the upside, services PMI jumped to 55.1 in June versus a 54.0 reading booked in June. Markets expected 54.0 last month. The survey data indicate that the economy likely grew by 0.4% in the second quarter, up from 0.2% in the opening quarter of 2018. Sterling rose against the euro on the back of the news.
UPROXX
Damian Lillard‘s growing hip-hop career is no secret. It's something he's passionate about, it's something he's worked on for a long time, and the best part is, it's something he's good at. Lillard has bars, and their success, along with NBA players-turned-rappers before him, have helped make it acceptable for professional athletes to step outside the lines and try something different. They aren't sticking to sports anymore, so to speak.
Lillard dropped their new album, CONFIRMED, on Friday to cap off what has been a fascinating couple of weeks for NBA musicians. Los Angeles Clippers guard Lou Williams dropped their debut album T.A.T.N.W. (The Album That Never Was) on Sept. 26th. Indiana Pacers guard Victor Oladipo released Songs For You on October 6th. Lance Stephenson, yes, Lance Stephenson, debuted a preview of their first single Better Believe It on iTunes Friday.
Lillard's success is well documented at this point. Dame D.O.L.L.A., which stands for Different on Levels the Lord Allows, dropped their successful first album, The Letter O, in 2016. With CONFIRMED coming a calendar year later, Lillard is basically a professional rapper now. They said as much in an Instagram post on Wednesday. Music is a huge part of who they are as a person.
AP Photo/Eric Risberg
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The Latest on a shooting in San Francisco (all times local):
11:55 a.m.
Authorities say the shooter who opened fire at a San Francisco UPS warehouse was armed with an assault pistol when police found him.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters that officers found wounded victims and brought them to safety Wednesday. When they found the gunman, they put the weapon to their head and shot himself.
Three people were killed as well as the shooter. Two others were wounded.
—
11:40 a.m.
Authorities say a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin says at a news conference that two others were wounded Wednesday. They say that the shooter shot himself, and police have not determined a motive.
—
This item has been corrected to show that Toney Chaplin is San Francisco assistant police chief.
—
11:10 a.m.
A man who lives across the street from a San Francisco UPS warehouse where a gunman opened fire says they heard seven or eight shots fired quickly and saw workers running.
Raymond Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, said they looked out their apartment window Wednesday to see a group of UPS workers fleeing the building and shouting.
They say another group of about 10 workers assembled on the roof and held their hands up as police began to arrive.
Deng says they “saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings.”
—
10:45 a.m.
A witness says they heard at least five gunshots and saw UPS drivers running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter” after gunfire at a sprawling San Francisco package delivery warehouse.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim says they brought cars inside and shut the gate Wednesday. They reopened after they saw police had blocked off an area around the UPS building, which is about a block from their shop.
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Steve Gaut says they believe the shooter “turned the gun on himself” but did not have additional information.
No one immediately had details on the conditions of those injured.
San Francisco police are inside the UPS warehouse searching for additional victims and witnesses.
—
10:20 a.m.
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said Wednesday that they believed the shooter “turned the gun on himself” but did not have additional information.
They said the four victims were taken to a hospital but didn't know their conditions.
—
10:05 a.m.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
Brent Andrew, spokesperson for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, said Wednesday that the hospital had received victims, but they did not know exactly how many or their conditions.
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting, but didn't release other information.
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Potrero Hill, which is about 2
Comments
comments
America is preparing military options in case sanctions imposed on North Korea fail, the most senior general in the US armed forces has said.
Joint Chiefs of Staff chairperson Joseph Dunford made the comments to South Korean President Moon Jae-in in a 50-minute meeting, according to a spokesperson for Seoul.
From Digital Spy
Actor Hugh Grant has spoken out about their appearances in the Bridget Jones franchise – suggesting that they opted out of most recent film Bridget Jones's Baby because their character didn't fit in the narrative.
Grant was at the BAFTA Life in Pictures event last night (December 9), and remarked that in regards to the third Bridget Jones movie, "having easily enough agreed to do it", they ultimately decided to bow out because they "couldn't make the character work in the story".
Reported by Deadline, they went on to say: "I drove them [those making Bridget Jones's Baby] mad for a year. We went back and forth and in the end, I just said 'I don't see how they fit in.'"
View photos Photo credit: Universal More
While at the BAFTA occasion, Hugh also talked candidly about their other work – in particular their recent movie with Meryl Streep, for which they came out of semi-retirement for.
Hugh played St Clair Bayfield alongside Streep in the film Florence Foster Jenkins – receiving BAFTA, Golden Globe, and SAG nominations for their performance.
View photos Photo credit: Pathé More
Of working with Streep, Grant revealed: "[She was] intimidating...She's a genius because she's absolutely dedicated and ruthless. They talk that way about acting: 'I will never do a scene in which I'm not emotionally present'. And I thought, 'Well, f***, I've done thousands.'"
Grant can currently be found on movie screens playing villain Phoenix Buchanan in Paddington 2, which has proved to be a sensational smash hit – which should please the star greatly, seeing as they recently admitted that they took the role as a way of mocking actors.
Paddington 2 is in cinemas now.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
You Might Also Like
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Some Brooklyn residents say they feel threatened by salespeople following them down the street, and in some cases to their homes.
Now, they're asking the company to control its employees.
In New York City you can buy as much on the sidewalk as you can in the store.
As CBS2's Ali Bauman reported, residents are complaining that street salesperson for the food delivery website Hello Fresh as taking it too far.
“They'll physically block people even when people are trying to walk away,” Chris Cobbs said.
On Twitter some have gone as far as to call the solicitors ‘psychotically aggressive,' they've been given the nickname ‘Hello Fresh Zombies' and some have asked, “Hello Fresh, please advise on how to get your street salespeople to stop harassing me every single day.”
“They keep pursuing me, and I literally have to just keep walking basically,” Rebecca Roarabaugh said.
While residents agree street solicitors can be pushy in any part of the city; Greenpoint residents said in their neighborhood they haven't stuck to the street.
“They'll ride with you on the bus, ride with you on the train, they'll walk with you where you're going,” Jaime Mathis said.
“They came ringing the bell, they ring my moms bell, she's elderly, they can't walk the stairs, and later on they're ringing the bell again and it's very annoying,” Lisa Haley said.
Hello Fresh responded to most of the complaints on Twitter with answers along the lines of, “We'll pass this along to our sales team manager so they can help.”
CBS2 tried to reach out to the company several times for an explanation regarding their sales practices and regulations — so far there has been no response.
“I told them face to face I felt it was threatening what they were doing, and they kinda surrounded me and said, ‘what's your problem, maybe it's your problem,” Cobbs said.
For now, their problem is making it home without hearing a sales pitch.
CATTLE market declines have received some reprieve from a dropping Australian dollar, which has shifted the price of our beef back towards competitiveness with the United States market.
However, big volumes are expected out of United States feedlots in the next quarter and that supply lift is set to put a fair bit of pressure on.
Projections have been that intensified competition in global beef markets, spearheaded by excess US production looking for a market offshore, would combine with increased Australian cattle supply to deliver a gradual price decline at the saleyard this year.
The current relief, with the Australian dollar declining 1.5 cents against the US currency in the past week, will likely be short-lived.
Commonwealth Bank analyst Tobin Gorey said the gap between grainfed and grassfed competitiveness was now substantial.
Implicit in finished cattle prices in the near term would be the cost of feed, which right now is very expensive on the back of a shortage across the eastern seaboard, they said.
“Grassfed cattle are close to being competitive and bringing buyers back to the market,” they said.
“We think that is a somewhat cruel irony given how little grass there is in many pastoral regions right now.”
The EYCI, while currently sitting 161c/kg lower than where it was last year, remains above the five-year average.
But the degree of volatility was high, such that a week's good rain in Queensland could easily push it up to the 600 mark again, Mr Gorey said.
“Every time it rains, pastoralists become buyers and that pushes prices back up,” they said.
“Underpinning everything is that over next three to four years, there needs to be a herd rebuild so that will support prices.”
The car was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel
An Uber self-driving car has hit and killed a woman crossing the street in Arizona, marking the first fatality caused by an autonomous vehicle and a potential blow to the technology expected to transform transportation.
The ride services company said it was suspending North American tests of its self-driving vehicles, which are currently going on in Arizona, Pittsburgh and Toronto.
So-called robot cars, when fully developed by companies including Uber, Alphabet Inc and General Motors Co, are expected to drastically cut down on motor vehicle fatalities and create billion-dollar businesses. But Monday's accident underscored the possible challenges ahead for the promising technology as the cars confront real-world situations involving real people.
U.S. lawmakers have been debating legislation that would speed introduction of self-driving cars.
"This tragic accident underscores why we need to be exceptionally cautious when testing and deploying autonomous vehicle technologies on public roads," said Democratic Senator Edward Markey, a member of the transportation committee, in a statement.
Elaine Herzberg, 49, was walking outside the crosswalk on a four-lane road in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe about 10 p.m. MST Sunday (0400 GMT Monday) when they were struck by the Uber vehicle, police said. The car was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel.
Herzberg later died from their injuries in a hospital, police said.
Local television footage of the scene showed a crumpled bike and a Volvo XC90 SUV with a smashed-in front. It was unknown whether Herzberg was on foot or on a bike.
Volvo, the Swedish car brand owned by China's Geely, confirmed its vehicle was involved in the crash but said the software controlling the SUV was not its own.
U.S. federal safety regulators were sending teams to investigate the crash. Canada's transportation ministry in Ontario, where Uber conducts testing, also said it was reviewing the accident.
Wild west
Uber and Waymo on Friday urged Congress to pass sweeping legislation to speed the introduction of self-driving cars into the United States. Some congressional Democrats have blocked the legislation over safety concerns, and Monday's fatality could hamper passage of the bill, congressional aides said Monday.
Safety advocates called for a national moratorium on all robot car testing on public roads.
"Arizona has been the wild west of robot car testing with virtually no regulations in place," said Consumer Watchdog, a non-profit consumer advocacy group, in a statement. "That's why Uber and Waymo test there. When there's no sheriff in town, people get killed."
Arizona has opened its arms to companies testing self-driving vehicles as a means to economic growth and jobs. Republican Governor Doug Ducey reached out to Uber in 2016 after California regulators cracked down on the company over its failure to obtain testing permits.
Self-driving cars being tested routinely get into fender-benders with other vehicles. Last week, a self-driving Uber crashed with another vehicle in Pittsburgh, local news reported. There were no injuries.
A year ago, Uber temporarily grounded its self-driving cars for a few days following a crash with another car in Tempe. The company has been the subject of a number of complaints about its autonomous vehicles, but the company has said the cars were being driven by a human driver at the time of the incidents.
Essential to Uber's success
Uber has said its ability to build autonomous cars is essential to its success in the rapidly changing transportation industry. The company envisions a network of autonomous cars that would be summoned through the Uber app that would supplement - and eventually replace - human-driven cars.
Uber has logged 2 million self-driving miles (3.2 million km) through December. The company has more than 100 autonomous cars testing on the roads of the greater Phoenix area, the company's prime testing ground due to the state's loose regulations and hospitable weather. Rain, snow and ice are particularly challenging for autonomous cars. The company also tests in Pittsburgh and Toronto.
Concerns over the safety of autonomous vehicles flared after a July 2016 fatality involving a Tesla Inc automobile with a partially autonomous system that required human supervision. Safety regulators later determined Tesla was not at fault.
Uber has weathered a series of crises, including sexual harassment claims, using a tracking tool to avoid government officials, and a lawsuit brought by competitor Waymo alleging theft of self-driving trade secrets. Uber settled that lawsuit last month for US$245 million.
That settlement was largely seen as a means for Uber to resume work on autonomous cars without the distraction of litigation, as it hustles to catch up with Waymo, widely seen as having the most advanced cars in the industry.
(Reporting by Sydney Maki and Alexandria Sage; Additional reporting by Dave Shepardson in Washington, Tina Bellon in New York, Heather Somerville in San Francisco, David Schwartz and Andres Guerra Luz in Phoenix, and Allison Lampert in Montreal; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Lisa Shumaker)
David Moyes made three changes to their Sunderland side for today's herculean task against Liverpool at the Stadium of Light.
Lamine Kone and Victor Anichebe were ruled out with hamstring injuries sustained at Burnley, while Billy Jones sat out the match after picking up a one-game ban following their fifth booking of the season, at Turf Moor.
Didier Ndong, who will leave for the African Cup of Nations after today's fixture came into the centre of midfield.
Jack Rodwell was the surprise selection, coming into the middle of the park, with Steven Pienaar, who replaced Anichebe at the interval at Burnley, not in the 18. It is Rodwell's first start since the 4-1 defeat to Arsenal.
Donald Love was named in the starting XI at right-back after coming off the bench in the defeats at Old Trafford and Turf Moor, taking over from Jones.
Liverpool come into the game on the back of four straight wins, knowing a fifth would move them to six points behind leaders Chelsea, who don't play until tomorrow.
Reds boss Jurgen Klopp made just one change, replacing Jordan Henderson with Daniel Sturridge.
Sunderland:Mannone, Love, O'Shea, Djilobodji, van Aanholt, Larsson, Ndong, Rodwell, Januzaj, Borini, Defoe
Subs: Mika, Khazri, Manquillo, Honeyman, Ledger, Maja, Embleton
Liverpool: Mignolet, Clyne, Lovren, Klavan, Milner, Wijnaldum, Lallana, Can, Mané, Firmino, Sturridge
Subs: Karius, Stewart, Moreno,Lucas, Origi, Ejaria, Alexander-Arnold
Referee: Anthony Taylor
Los Angeles Dodgers' Corey Seager catches a ball hit by Cleveland Indians' Yan Gomes during the third inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. Gomes was out on the play. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD113
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Brandon McCarthy delivers in the first inning of an interleague baseball game against the Cleveland Indians, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD10
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Brandon McCarthy delivers in the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Cleveland Indians, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD108
Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber winds up during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD107
Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber delivers in the first inning of an interleague baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD10
Cleveland Indians' Michael Brantley hits a double off Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Brandon McCarthy in the first inning of an interleague baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD10
Los Angeles Dodgers' Joc Pederson watches their RBI single off Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber during the second inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD109
Cleveland Indians' Jose Ramirez bobbles the ball hit by Los Angeles Dodgers' Joc Pederson during the second inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. Pederson was safe at first base and Yasmani Grandal scored on the play. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD110
Los Angeles Dodgers' Joc Pederson is tagged out by Cleveland Indians' Francisco Lindor during the second inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD111
Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber, right, talks with catcher Yan Gomes during the second inning of the team's baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD112
Los Angeles Dodgers' Chase Utley fields a ball hit by Cleveland Indians' Erik Gonzalez during the third inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. Gonzalez was out on the play. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD114
Los Angeles Dodgers' Yasiel Puig catches a fly ball hit by Cleveland Indians' Edwin Encarnacion in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. Encarnacion was out on the play. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD10
Los Angeles Dodgers' Yasmani Grandal reacts after striking out in the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Indians, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD10
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner follows through on a double off Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD115
Cleveland Indians' Bradley Zimmer scores on a sacrifice fly by Michael Brantley during the sixth inning of the team's baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD116
Los Angeles Dodgers manager Dave Roberts watches during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Cleveland Indians, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD117
Cleveland Indians' Jose Ramirez watches their solo home run off Los Angeles Dodgers relief pitcher Josh Fields during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD118
Cleveland Indians' Jose Ramirez runs the bases after hitting a solo home run off Los Angeles Dodgers relief pitcher Josh Fields in the seventh inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD10
Los Angeles Dodgers' Yasmani Grandal watches their ground out against Cleveland Indians relief pitcher Andrew Miller during the eighth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. Corey Seager scored on the play. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD118
Cleveland Indians relief pitcher Andrew Miller waits for an umpire ruling on a second base play in the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD10
The Dodgers' Cody Bellinger scores as Indians catcher Yan Gomes waits for the ball during the eighth inning of Wednesday's game in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak)
Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber throws to first base to get Los Angeles Dodgers' Joc Pederson out at first base in the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. Pederson was able to get back to first in time and was safe. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD10
Cleveland Indians' Jose Ramirez watches their ball after hitting a double off Los Angeles Dodgers relief pitcher Pedro Baez in the eighth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD10
Los Angeles Dodgers' Chris Taylor hits a two-run single off Cleveland Indians relief pitcher Zach McAllister during the eighth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. Justin Turner and Cody Bellinger scored on the play. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD120
Cleveland Indians' Edwin Encarnacion hits an RBI-single off Los Angeles Dodgers relief pitcher Pedro Baez in the eighth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. Michael Brantley scored on the play. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD10
Los Angeles Dodgers' Enrique Hernandez, right, and relief pitcher Kenley Jansen celebrate after the Dodgers defeated the Cleveland Indians 6-4 in a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) ORG XMIT: OHTD122
CLEVELAND – The Dodgers and Cleveland Indians have the best bullpens in baseball by most statistical measures. You wouldn't know it from this series.
One night after the Indians' bullpen gave up five runs in the final two innings, the Dodgers' bullpen let a two-run lead slip away only to have Indians reliever Andrew Miller surrender a tie-breaking home run for the second consecutive game.
The Dodgers scored four times in the eighth inning against Miller and hung on for a 6-4 victory over the Indians, extending their winning streak to six games – their second six-game winning streak in the past three weeks.
“I think that's the beautiful thing about baseball. That's why we play,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “I wouldn't have guessed it. I don't think Tito (Indians manager Terry Francona) on the other side would have guessed it.
“I was actually looking forward to the battle of the 'pens coming into this series.”
Instead, it has been a battle for the 'pens.
The Indians and Dodgers came into the series with the two lowest bullpen ERAs in baseball. But those have taken a beating. Fifteen of the 22 runs scored in this series have been charged to relievers.
“That's awesome,” Dodgers starter Brandon McCarthy said of the nine runs the Dodgers have scored in the eighth and ninth innings the past two nights. “Coming into this series, you hope it's not close late when Andrew Miller is coming into the game. Somehow we've made it work for us.”
That work has started in the same place each night – with Miller on the mound in the eighth inning of a 2-2 tie.
Miller gave up a home run for the first time this season when Cody Bellinger broke Tuesday's tie. This time, Hernandez came off the bench and did the same on a 1-and-2 fastball from Miller to give the Dodgers the lead.
“He's a guy with really good stuff so you kind of have to go to your two-strike approach from the start,” Hernandez said. “I took two sliders inside that I thought were balls and got to two strikes. So I was basically in battle mode. I was looking slider and they threw me fastball so I took an emergency swing.”
It wasn't as much of an emergency as it might have been. Hernandez said an at-bat against Miller in the World Baseball Classic made the 6-foot-7 lefty with a slinging delivery less of an unknown Wednesday.
Things only got worse for Miller. An infield single and two walks loaded the bases and second baseman Erik Gonzalez opened the gates to more. An easy inning-ending double play was overturned because Gonzalez made the turn from somewhere near Akron. That allowed a run to score. Two more came in on a Chris Taylor single.
One of the best relievers in baseball, Miller gave up just one earned run in their first 31 2/3 innings this season (an 0.29 ERA). The Dodgers have scored five on them in two nights.
“If you look at our lineup, I think we have a pretty good one,” Hernandez said. “I know they've got a pretty good bullpen. But they've still got to execute pitches against us.
“And if you're talking about good bullpens, I'm not going to take any over our own.”
Wednesday wasn't the best support for that statement. Josh Fields gave up a game-tying home run to Jose Ramirez in the seventh – the fourth home run they have allowed in the past 17 batters they have faced after allowing just one to the first 83.
And Gonzalez's mistake proved very costly for the Indians when they scored twice in the bottom of the eighth against Luis Avilan and Pedro Baez. Kenley Jansen finally upheld their bullpen's honor when a drama-free ninth to close it out.
As many as five bullets were fired into a car traveling southbound on Interstate 880 overnight. The young driver was struck in the head and is now hospitalized.It happened at 2:30 a.m. on the overpass at the Lewelling Blvd exit.CHP shut down I-880 for six hours including rush hour, which led to up to four hours commute for some.Investigators created a 3-D laser scan of the shooting scene.It all happened in an active construction zone."We had a call of shots fired, and our units arrived on scene. At the time we got here, there was a vehicle located in the fast lane, the number one lane, with four occupants and one of them was critically injured. The other three were not," said CHP Officer Joseph Fowler.CHP says a white sedan pulled along side a black Mitsubishi and someone opened fire.Bullets shattered the front passenger window, one of them hitting the driver in the head. There were three other passengers who were not injured.All young males are between 18 and 25 years old. The car came to stop by the center divide and did not crash. The suspect vehicle escaped.CHP says there do not appear to be surveillance cameras along this stretch of freeway, but they are reaching out to nearby businesses."We've had a lot of shootings in the last year and we're taking this as a high priority," explained Off. Fowler.CHP says they'll be comparing details about this shooting to other freeway shootings, which now totals 91 in the Bay Area in the last year and a half.They are considering the possibility of road rage or a gang connection.
Former New York Jets scout Connie Carberg poses with a recently released book, "X's And O's Don't Mean I Love You," outside the Jets practice facility in Florham Park, N.J., Wednesday, Aug. 9, 2017. How they helped deliver the sack-dancing Mark Gastineau to the Jets is just one of the many fascinating behind-the-scenes tales told by Carberg and author Elisabeth Meinecke. Gastineau went on to become one of the Jets' best and most popular players _ and helped cement Carberg's place in NFL history as the league's first female scout. (AP Photo/Dennis Waszak Jr.)
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) — Connie Carberg was incredibly antsy, barely able to contain their excitement a few moments before picking up the phone and making one of the most important calls in New York Jets history.
The team was on the clock in the second round of the 1979 NFL draft, and they had just received confirmation of the choice from the front office. An ecstatic Carberg shouted "All right!" and then said the words they had been dreaming about for weeks.
"The New York Jets," Carberg proudly recalled announcing, "select Mark Gastineau, East Central Oklahoma."
Gastineau became one of the Jets' best and most popular players — and helped cement Carberg's place in NFL history as the league's first female scout.
"I just wanted to jump out of the chair," said Carberg, who had discovered the little-known Gastineau while scouting players for the Senior Bowl a few months earlier. "It was so exciting and it was thrilling. Probably the biggest thrill of my life."
Them journey from Jets team secretary to watching game films, traveling and scouting college players is the subject of a recently published book: "X's and O's Don't Mean I Love You." How they helped deliver the sack-dancing Gastineau to the Jets is just one of the fascinating behind-the-scenes tales told by Carberg and author Elisabeth Meinecke.
"You know, it's a positive book," Carberg said with a big smile. "I hope it's an inspiring book for young girls, and for Jets fans in general."
Carberg served in a scouting role for the Jets from 1976-80, breaking a gender barrier in the NFL by opening a door that gradually is becoming less of a novelty.
"I want women to see that it's really possible and they can really do things without saying: 'Hey, I'm a woman. I want it because I'm a woman,'" Carberg said before a recent Jets practice. "Just do it because you love it and you never know where it's going to take you."
The sweet and spunky 66-year-old Carberg lives in Coconut Creek, Florida, with their husband, John, but makes a weeklong visit to Jets training camp every summer — decked out in green and white shirts, earrings and necklaces.
This year, they are particularly proud of their team, which added Collette Smith to Todd Bowles' staff as a coaching intern with the defensive backs through camp. New York also has three female scouting interns: Callie Brownson, Rachel Huhn and Marirose Roach.
Many other teams around the league are helping narrow the NFL's gender gap by hiring female coaching interns.
"It was a whole different world in the '70s," said Carberg, who counts Woody Hayes, Weeb Ewbank, Walt Michaels, Lou Holtz and Al Ward as mentors. "Title IX was just started, or hadn't even started when I started working for the Jets. So, most people didn't even think about women in that way."
Carberg helped change that perception with their breakthrough more than 40 years ago when they joined their father, Dr. Calvin Nicholas, who had been the team's chief internist since 1962, and uncle Dr. James Nicholas, the Jets' orthopedist. Them passion for football — honed after befriending Hayes while attending Ohio State — got them through the door in 1974, first doing clerical work.
The Jets were impressed by Carberg's passion for the game and keen eye for talent, and gave them the opportunity to select the team's final draft pick in 1975: Ohio State tight end Mark Bartoszek in the 17th round.
They recalled Ward, New York's general manager, and Mike Holovak, the director of player personnel, asking them one day early in 1976 if they wanted to do some scouting on a regular basis in addition to some of their usual duties.
Carberg, of course, jumped at the chance.
"It was just something that was part of me and something I felt I could do," they said. "It wasn't made into this big kind of story at that time."
There was, indeed, no fanfare — other than sports columnist Dick Young dubbing them "The Girl Scout," a nickname that makes them laugh to this day.
"It has really opened up today," Carberg said. "I think scouting is even better for women, and less questionable because you can judge. It's easy to judge. You can be male or female. You can be right or wrong, just like a male can."
In 1986, Linda Bogdan, daughter of then-Bills owner Ralph Wilson, was hired by the team as a full-time scout. Women such as Amy Trask in Oakland, the Jets' Jacqueline Davidson, Cincinnati's Katie Blackburn, the Chargers' Jeanne Bonk and San Francisco's Hannah Gordon have all held high-ranking positions in football front offices in recent years.
SOUTHWEST VIRGINIA (WJHL) – Corey Stewart may have lost the Virginia Republican Primary but they received overwhelming support in Southwest Virginia.
Ed Gillespie won the Republican nomination in the Virginia Gubernatorial race Tuesday night. Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam secured the Democratic nomination.
The GOP race between Gillespie and Stewart was the closest contest of the night, but Gillespie ended up winning with 160,082 votes over Stewart's 155,774 votes. State Senator Frank Wagner received 50,350 votes statewide.
In the Democratic race, Lt. Gov. Northam won 303,293 votes compared to Former Central Virginia Congressman Tom Perriello's 239,264 votes.
News Channel 11 looked at the number of votes counted by the Virginia Department of Elections in Southwest Virginia. We added up the votes from Buchanan, Dickenson, Lee, Russell, Scott, Smyth, Tazewell, Washington and Wise counties. We also included the city of Bristol, VA.
Stewart, an avid supporter of President Donald Trump, easily won the most votes out of any Republican or Democratic candidate. They more than doubled Gillespie's numbers and won more votes than Northam and Perriello combined.
Stewart Gillespie Wagner Northam Perriello Bristol, VA 352 172 20 184 185 Buchanan 184 175 7 138 62 Dickenson 184 99 15 90 38 Lee 307 143 14 120 74 Russell 428 129 15 172 94 Scott 403 180 30 90 94 Smyth 637 191 59 223 160 Tazewell 854 394 68 235 185 Washington 1421 569 115 491 687 Wise 483 279 63 175 227 Totals 5253 2331 406 1918 1806
Gillespie and Northam now move forward to the general election on November 7 where one of them will be elected Virginia's next governor. The deadline to register to vote in that election is October 16.
Copyright WJHL 2017. All Rights Reserved.
HAPPY IN PUERTO RICO: Veronica Masa Deleon (far right) and fiance Oscar Raygoza (second from right) took this photo with Veronica's brother-in-law William Melendez (left), sister Valery Masa and brother Antonio
Confessed mass murderer Scott Dekraai listens as their public defender Scott Sanders questions retired Orange County Sheriff's deputy Catherine Irons during the hearing in their case in Orange County Superior Court in Santa Ana on Wednesday, June 14, 2017. (Photo by Sam Gangwer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Judge Thomas Goethals questions retired Orange County Sheriff's deputy Catherine Irons about their testimony during the hearing in the Dekraai case in Orange County Superior Court in Santa Ana on Wednesday, June 14, 2017. (Photo by Sam Gangwer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Retired Orange County Sheriff's deputy Catherine Irons testifies during the hearing in the Dekraai case before Judge Thomas Goethals in Orange County Superior Court Wednesday. in Santa Ana, CA on Wednesday, June 14, 2017. (Photo by Sam Gangwer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The day after the Orange County Grand Jury declared there was no sanctioned informant program in Orange County jails, a retired sheriff's lieutenant testified that informants were routinely used on their watch and they helped “formalize” the process.
In a special hearing Wednesday, Catherine Marie Irons, who oversaw the jail special handling unit before retiring in 2015, said supervisors developed a plan to better track and assist internal informants as well as those brought in by outside police agencies, including Anaheim and Fullerton.
Irons said the investigations included outfitting informants with recording devices to capture conversations with inmates.
They said the efforts needed to be organized largely for inmate safety. Irons said the effort started around 2012 and “as time went on we continued to formalize it.”
“Who vetted the legality of that? Did you?” asked Judge Thomas Goethals.
“No,” Irons said, conceding that they did not receive any training on the legality of working with informants in the jails.
The testimony appeared to contradict in part a grand jury report released Tuesday finding that the Sheriff's Department was not operating an organized jailhouse informant program, and that allegations of systemic cheating were unfounded.
The report conceded some jailhouse informants were used by rogue deputies who drifted outside of their custodial duties into solving crimes. But this effort was not sanctioned or formalized by the department or the district attorney's office, the report said.
The report labeled as a “myth” assertions by Assistant Public Defender Scott Sanders that prosecutors and police misused jailhouse informants on inmates who had been formally charged and were represented by lawyers, in violation of constitutional law.
Grand jurors also said the hearings conducted by Goethals were a “witch hunt” and asked them to leave the investigating to state and federal prosecutors.
The Sheriff's Department had no comment on Irons' testimony.
Goethals in this hearing is trying to determine if informant-related documents were illegally destroyed by the sheriff's department. If so, Goethals said they might take the death penalty off the table for mass murderer Scott Dekraai, who pleaded guilty to killing eight people in a shooting spree at a Seal Beach salon in 2011.
An informant targeted Dekraai, but taped recordings of those conversations were not presented by prosecutors in court after Sanders cried foul.
Also on Wednesday, family members of a victim said they want to forfeit the death penalty if it will bring an end to the tortuous proceedings.
Standing before the judge, three siblings of victim Michele Daschbach Fast, 43, appealed for Goethals to sentence Dekraai to life in prison without parole.
Leelee Daschbach, Laura Daschback and Rooney Daschback said they were told by District Attorney Tony Rackauckas that it was a “slam dunk,” but the case has lingered for more than five years, marred in court battles.
“Never did we imagine that the blunders that tainted this case would be created by the prosecution team themselves, on a case that was supposed to be a slam dunk,” Laura Daschback said, reading a letter from all three. “Not only have we lost our beloved sister, we have lost total faith in a system that was supposed to be of the benefit of the people.”
However, in another letter read in court, Mary Bianchi, the sister of victim Lucia Bernice Kondas, 65, said they want to see Dekraai sentenced to death. Despite the legal issues, Bianchi said the fact remains that Dekraai should face punishment for a horrible crime.
“I do not believe a self-confessed mass murder's rights should outweigh the rights of the victims and their families,” they said.
The hearing continues Thursday.
Success at the 2017 Canadian Championship will definitely be relative for the St. Catharines Boxing Club.
With Daniel Ryan, 19, and younger brother Gerard, 16, about to make their third trip to nationals and cousin James Hughes, also 16, going to the Canadian championships for the first time, how could it not be a family affair?
Inexperience hurt Daniel Ryan in their first appearances at nationals three years ago. They finished one and out, losing their only fight after opening the competition with the bye.
“I didn't throw enough punches,” they said. “It was my first experience fighting three-minute rounds.”
The five-year club member fared much better on the return trip. After opening with a victory, the elder Ryan lost their second flight by a close, split decision that required a countback.
“I just could have pushed it a little more,” they said. “I might have moved on to the finals.”
This year they won all four of their fights at the Ontario championships, including two by knockouts, to once again clinch a berth to nationals in the 165-lb. Division.
“I feel pretty good about my chances in Quebec,” they said. “I felt really good, really untouchable at the provincials.”
“I was just getting ‘that feeling' back, and I think I can do that and do it again.”
The Jamie Janzen Plumbing and Heating employee attributed their success at the provincial qualifier to “finding a really good rhythm in my training.”
“I was in good shape,” they said. “Everything was going well. My warmup felt good, I felt good in the ring, I felt outside the ring.”
Daniel Ryan, who estimates that they were won “about two thirds” of their 53 fights, will be one of three boxers representing Ontario in the division in Quebec City.
Mississauga's Kingsley Alexander automatically qualified as the reigning national champion. Also going will be the bronze medallist at provincials.
Gerard Ryan has compiled a 43-10 record in six years with the St. Catharines club, and they are the most successful of the three local fighters who are going to nationals.
Their goal of coming home with the gold medal in the youth 141-lb. Division only sounds immodest to people who don't know about their Canadian championship in 2015 and the silver medal they settled for last year.
They were able to skip the Ontario qualifier thanks to a top-two finish at last year's national championships, also held in Quebec City.
For Gerard Ryan, that sets the stage for bouts against boxers who might get a boost from the experience of recent fights at qualifiers in their respective provinces.
They concede that could give their competition an advantage, “but I'll also be fresher.”
Hughes, a Grade 11 student at Saint Francis Catholic Secondary School, qualified to compete in the 152-lb. youth class at the event taking place April 24-30 in Quebec City despite losing their lone fight at provincials. While the decisive loss to Windsor's Hunter Lee in the Ontario final dropped Hughes' record to 14-3, the two-year club veteran nonetheless had their ticket to nationals punched on the strength of a second-place showing.
“Gold and silver go to nationals, I lost in the final,” said Hughes, who received a bye into the bout against Lee.
Though coming off a loss in their last fight, Hughes said they feel more confident heading into the Canadian championships than they did on the eve of provincials.
“Better than Ontarios, I've been training harder.”
In addition to focusing on developing their fighting style, Hughes devoted time in the gym between fights on cardio training.
bfranke@postmedia.com
Volcanic gases rise from the Kilauea lava flow that crossed Pohoiki Road near Highway 132, near Pahoa, Hawaii, U.S., May 28, 2018. REUTERS/Marco Garcia
By Jolyn Rosa
HONOLULU (Reuters) - Molten rock from several lava-spewing fissures opened by Kilauea Volcano crept toward clusters of homes and vacation rentals on the eastern tip of Hawaii's Big Island on Wednesday, prompting authorities to usher residents out of the area as a precaution.
Evacuation of the Vacationland development and adjacent Kapoho community, rebuilt after a destructive eruption of Kilauea in 1960, came on the 28th day of what geologists rank as one of the biggest upheavals in a century from one of the world's most active volcanoes.
The Hawaii County Civil Defense agency issued the advisory as lava flows picked up speed late on Tuesday and early on Wednesday and threatened to cut off a key traffic route into the seaside area on the far eastern flank of the volcano.
"Residents in the Kapoho area, including Kapoho Beach Lots and Vacationland, are advised to evacuate," the agency said in a morning bulletin. "You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road."
On Tuesday, a lava stream crossed a larger east-west route, Highway 132, as it advanced toward the greater Kapoho area. A separate flow of red-hot molten rock was headed in the direction of the Vacationland community to the south.
Civil defense officials also pointed to severe communication outages in the area due to downed power and phone lines, reinforcing the decision to proceed with evacuation plans immediately rather than wait for a potential emergency.
Residents were urged to stay tuned to local radio stations for further updates.
The number of people affected by Wednesday's evacuations was not precisely known, but Kapoho and Vacationland together encompass about 500 homes, mostly vacation rentals, according to Civil Defense Administrator Talmadge Magno.
An estimated 2,500 residents in all have been displaced since the eruption began nearly four weeks ago, Magno said. The bulk of evacuees were forced from their homes at the outset, in and around the Leilani Estates community farther west, where concentrations of noxious volcanic gases remain high.
Hawaii County Mayor Harry Kim on Wednesday renewed an emergency proclamation for 60 more days, allowing construction of temporary shelters and other relief projects to proceed on an expedited basis, without reviews and permits normally required.
At least 128 structures on the island have already been destroyed, cut off or otherwise left uninhabitable by lava flows, Kim said. Magno said 75 homes have been demolished.
Kilauea's main crater at the volcano's summit has continued to periodically belch ash high up into the sky. But National Weather Service meteorologist Tom Birchard told reporters during a conference call that most of the ash was blowing out to sea on the prevailing trade winds, then dissipating quickly.
Nevertheless, some ash and fumes have been spouted high enough into the atmosphere to be carried far over the Pacific Ocean, with observers in the Marshall Islands, Micronesia and Guam detecting traces of vog - a hazy mix of sulfur dioxide, aerosols, moisture and fine particles, Birchard said.
Kilauea rumbled back to life on May 3 as it began extruding lava and toxic gases through a series of cracks in the ground on its eastern flank, marking the latest phase of an eruption cycle that has continued nearly nonstop for 35 years.
The occurrence of new lava vents, or fissures, now numbering about two dozen, have been accompanied by flurries of earthquakes and intermittent eruptions from the summit crater, including a magnitude 5.3 tremor measured on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Jolyn Rosa; Additonal reporting and writing by Steve Gorman in Los Angeles; Editing by Sandra Maler and Michael Perry)
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — LeBron James spent Memorial Day with their kids enjoying some barbecue. Once the grill got turned off, the television went on and they tuned in to study Game 7 of the Western Conference finals.
Golden State at Houston.
James had no doubt who would win.
"Going against the Warriors in the last three years in the finals, I kind of figured or thought that they could get it done," James said. "Just because of the 18 of a possible 21 finals games that I've played against them in the last three years, I figured that they could make it happen. Just their championship DNA."
They were right. And Warriors-Cavs IV now awaits.
The NBA Finals are now as much a part of James' calendar each year as birthdays and holidays. He's always there, now eight consecutive years and counting, the last four of those with the Warriors standing in the way of James and their Cleveland Cavaliers. Game 1 is Thursday night, and even with James playing at absurd levels the Cavs find themselves as significant underdogs.
James is averaging 34 points, 9.2 rebounds and 8.8 assists in these playoffs. Anything less than that, and he'd have a lot more time for those barbecues with their kids. And in this series, even more might be required if he's to win their fourth ring in the past seven years.
"He doesn't walk around acting like he's carrying a team, like he's carrying an organization," Cavaliers guard Kyle Korver said. "He doesn't walk around like that. I mean, they know he's LeBron James, and they know who they are. But he's really for all of their teammates. He's always talking to guys, trying to help them get better. He's a really great leader."
That's one of the countless areas where James has gotten better — one of the countless reasons why the finals are now an annual rite for him.
Warriors coach Steve Kerr remembers watching the last Miami-San Antonio title matchup in 2014 when the Spurs basically dared James to shoot the ball from the perimeter by sliding under every screen the Heat would set for him.
The Spurs won that series in five games. They made it look easy at times, too.
"Contrast that to now where he's shooting fadeaway 3s from 30 feet to close games out," Kerr said. "I think their confidence level in their shot is the biggest thing. But I think it is pretty remarkable when you've got a guy who is already considered one of the top few players ever to play the game can make that much improvement late in their career. It's a testament to their work ethic and to their work on their skillset."
The Warriors have more talent, by a very wide margin. They have four All-Stars — Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson, Kevin Durant and Draymond Green. They have former MVPs in Curry and Durant. They have a former Finals MVP coming off their bench, or rather they will when Andre Iguodala returns from the bone bruise that has kept them sidelined of late.
The Cavaliers have James.
That represents hope. They make the Cavs better. They even make the Warriors better.
"LeBron's one of those guys that in order for you to be great like that, you've got to do it, day after day," Durant said. "A lot of people don't have that mental capacity to even think about being that great every day, you know what I'm saying? So that's inspiration right there. That's just motivation to be the best that you can be as well."
Once that TV went on Monday night, James locked in on this series.
Around-the-clock treatment on their body Tuesday, including 4 1/2 hours of it on the team's flight to San Francisco. Treatment and workouts on Wednesday. Treatments and pregame shooting on Thursday. Then game time.
Unlike that Rockets-Warriors game, they don't know what will happen in Game 1.
But he's ready. He's always ready.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Bright spot amid sobering news on rural schools
FERREL GUILLORY
Guest Columnist
Hearty congratulations go out to the 90 young men and women in the class of 2017 at Warren County High School – and congratulations, too, to Principal Darrell Richardson, and to their guidance counselors and teachers.
All 90 graduates have been accepted into community colleges and universities and plan to pursue education beyond high school. It is a promising transition in the lives of the students and an important achievement for a school in a completely rural, majority-minority, economically-distressed county where only 15 percent of adults have a bachelor's degree.
The good news from Warren County comes at a time when rural communities and their schools have encountered severe economic and political headwinds. High-skill, higher-paying jobs have increasingly clustered in metropolitan areas, while many rural communities remain bruised and weakened by the jobs lost during the big recession of the previous decade.
In Washington, national education policy lately has come through the prism of big-city issues. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos went to Washington after their long experience in dealing with Detroit, just as their predecessor, Arnie Duncan, had their formative experiences in Chicago.
President Trump, a life-long resident of New York City, appointed DeVos to carry out their massive proposed cuts to federal education assistance and their plan to promote school choice, including tax-financed vouchers for students to attend private schools. The Trump budget has run into resistance from Republicans as well as Democrats in Congress. Sen. Richard Shelby, an Alabama Republican, told DeVos at a recent hearing that a school-choice policy does not do much for rural communities with no real options except to depend on its public schools.
In Raleigh, state legislators have not adopted an explicitly urban tilt in education policy and budgeting. But their key decisions — to expand a voucher system and, especially, to set a tight limit on budget growth — offer meager promise of a powerful uplift to rural education.
A just-published report in Governing magazine provides perspective. The article — headlined, “Nation's Least-Funded Schools Get What They Pay For'' — focuses on Oklahoma, facing a deep budget hole having to do with a downturn in oil prices. But its broader analysis has relevance to North Carolina.
“The years since the Great Recession have been difficult on public education practically everywhere in the country, as states have been forced to adjust to a new spending reality,'' says Governing, which points out that 23 states are providing less basic education funding than they did in 2008.
“But slow revenue growth isn't the only reason some states have seen drastic cuts in education spending,” the article reports. “Of the eight that have cut general funding per student by 10 percent or more since 2008, five — Arizona, Kansas, North Carolina, Oklahoma and Wisconsin — have also enacted substantial income tax rate cuts.”
Further perspective on rural education comes from a fresh report by the venerable Economic Research Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. ERS reports that “rural Americans are increasingly educated,'' but it also documents lingering gaps across racial, gender and geographic lines.
In a paragraph specifically about the rural South, the ERS makes a special point about the interrelationship of education and economic conditions. “Rural counties with the lower levels of educational attainment face higher poverty, child poverty, unemployment and population loss than other rural counties,'' says the report, which goes on to define a downward spiral. “Lower educational attainment also contributes to poverty, so higher poverty in the South is both a cause and consequence of lower educational attainment.”
The aspirations of the Warren County High class of 2017 suggest that rural students can stand against the headwinds. Still, rural schools need local, state and national policymakers to bolster their capacity to give young people propulsion beyond the 12th grade, whether they choose to live in a city or in their hometown.
Ferrel Guillory is the Director of the Program on Public Life, Professor of the Practice at the UNC School of Media and Journalism, and the Vice Chairman of EducationNC.
ZURICH (AP) — Organizers of Alpine skiing at the 2022 Beijing Olympics are creating three different courses on two mountains.
Course designer Bernhard Russi says one course is "completely ideal" for individual and team events in parallel racing.
The team event debuts at the Pyeongchang Olympics in February. Men's and women's individual events are a likely proposal for the Olympic program four years later.
Team leaders were updated on Friday on 2022 Winter Games plans at International Ski Federation preseason meetings.
Russi says all three courses have been cleared at Xiaohaituo, 90 kilometers (55 miles) from Beijing. Earth-moving works should start within weeks.
The downhill course was judged too steep in parts for slalom and giant slalom. A different mountain around two kilometers (1 1/4 miles) away will host the other races.
Apple's AirPods are definitely novel, and they offer a solid user experience and good sound to boot. But they're far from being the best wireless headphones Apple has ever made. No, that honor unquestionably goes to the Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones, which offer the best sound a pair of Beats headphones has ever produced. The catch — you knew there had to be a catch — is that they're quite expensive. With a retail price of $300, they're out of reach for many people out there… until now.
For a very limited amount of time, Amazon has dropped the price of the Black Beats Solo3 headphones to just $159.99. That's nearly 50% off MSRP, and it's the lowest price we've ever seen for these hot headphones. In fact, it's even lower than last year's Black Friday sale prices, which is impressive to say the least. Trust us, you don't want to miss this sale.
A few highlights from the product page:
Connect via Class 1 Bluetooth with your device for wireless listening
Up to 40 hours of battery life for multi-day use
Adjustable fit with comfort-cushioned ear cups made for everyday use
Take calls, control your music and activate Siri with the multifunction on-ear controls
What's in the Box: Beats Solo3 Wireless headphones, carrying case, 3.5mm RemoteTalk cable, universal USB charging cable (USB-A to USB Micro-B), Quick Start Guide, warranty card
Height: 7.8 in / 19.8 cm Weight: 7.58 oz / 215 g
Also of note, a few other colors are on sale at prices well below MSRP, including the popular white model, which is discounted to $173.
Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones - Black: Too low to display
Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones - Gloss White: Too low to display
Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones - Gloss Black: Too low to display
Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones - Gold: Too low to display
Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones - Silver: Too low to display
Trending right now:
See the original version of this article on BGR.com
Transcript for Witnesses describe moment police shot and killed a man in a Walmart parking lot
Campaign he'd like gives back in the car and I'm correct and I think they are night they got like soccer and plant from the cops so. He's just translate maneuvered easily and if it's moving. And when Karros now papers. That's when my all the shots were fired on it where it is slowly like reverse England. And that they like sheet and so many times I mean he's just might lose like controlled congress this thing. And the car is still growing and we hit we finally can't get some if not because we hit the car. I think part that is because dancing with dignity. Clinton is on its. After I realized there was nobody in control of parliament more. We're rolling back the colts who have stopped. By hitting. Car parked by the back of us we come to a stop. That that forms is thinking. Keep my hands sort of its arts school science programs. Home. That point. Look it's. Sick everybody who Vitter and they were boomed but they aren't. Into whom. And and judges just keep my hands. Theirs will also benefit a bit smarter I don't have a reason to just if I wasn't celery. They're young for me to you know. Our own. News. It's our shows attendance there are a lot of huge he's young homeowner can make a decision. Home. Now they seem scary monster that Thompson Deutzman in the core and that we're. This. I'm thinking in my mind what's happened in. Everybody is then what's happened and own. Witnesses. Scared and wanted one is do it. Plume. Here is a room. They go forwards who positioned itself to. Avoid cards. Behind them I don't see was what I don't see with Clinton please report it seems like he's. Trying to maneuver. Out of this situation. Cargoes and through reverse and then. I dissident minority students us. That third quarter I just felt. I should be done in. And I do. It is. Boots kitco moon Lou glasse setters and boom. And then and I see. Whom I after the car or just wrong bet but nobody control within an hour. Figured that it bone. Piece. Ferris. A third term. Quote tomorrow more normal just wondering why is that happening. What would. Would we do. It's. Be receiving those sources confirmed. Whom. Yet just. Still are. Those whom you couldn't but times were we can to a complete star. They Sudan news did because I hear and to their left so. That was just as soon enough room connective. I was worried about was it was they OK you it and then that just confirmed that so. From what do you do they don't. I can feel. Soon. North my film. The news. Therefore it. Look they're. That decision in a master whom. One of my being arrested for. Decision just community. Alone they put me in the so. I get there it is in my knocking on the door and acts can make a phone call in my wristed it over my due today in doom. We'll have a right to make a phone call at least Apollo moments of all right. Boom. I'm into do do. The Rome told me. I've been detained him. And B and detain them under investigation. They need to question me and then they need to question. I'm home I'm gonna have to sit here and assume wait for them the question. Home. I guess I got a question there about six they got me up the sale of about six. Talk to me and then releasing this. I was released as soon. No phone calls. Luckily that one of walking out the door hormones are.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal environmental regulators say they'll consult with states on managing contamination from a range of long-used non-stick coatings.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Monday it would hold a May summit with state officials. The session will focus on a family of industrial chemicals used for decades in everything from non-stick pans to food wrappers to bags for microwaveable popcorn. The chemicals are known as perfluoralkyls and polyfluoralkyls, or PFAs. Studies now link long-term exposure to the industrial chemicals to increased risks of cancer, hormone changes and other disturbances.
Researchers say water supplies serving millions of Americans show potentially dangerous levels of the contaminants.
The EPA says it will use input from state officials to develop a new management plan for the chemicals this year.
The United States and South Korea have announced that their annual large-scale military exercises will begin on April 1.
U.S. officials had said previously that the anticipated meeting between President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un would not impact the timing of the Foal Eagle and Key Resolve exercises.
"Secretary of Defense James N. Mattis and the Republic of Korea Minister of National Defense Song Young-moo have agreed to resume the annual combined exercises including Foal Eagle and Key Resolve, which were deconflicted with the schedule of the Olympic Games," the Pentagon said in a statement Monday. "The exercises are expected to resume April 1, 2018, at a scale similar to that of the previous years."
"The United Nations Command has notified the Korean People's Army on the schedule as well as the defensive nature of the annual exercises," the statement added. The Korean People's Army is the official name of North Korea's army.
The U.S. and South Korea previously agreed to delay the exercises until after the conclusion of the Winter Olympics and Paralympic Games held in South Korea. The Paralympic Games concluded on Sunday.
Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images, FILE
The tactical exercises that make up Foal Eagle will involve about 11,500 U.S. forces and approximately 290,000 S. Korean military personnel.
The computer simulated headquarters exercise known as Key Resolve will involve 12,000 U.S. forces and 10,000 South Korean personnel.
"The exercises include all services and are of the same scale, scope, and duration as previous years," said Lt. Col. Christopher Logan, a Pentagon spokesperson.
"Our combined exercises are defense-oriented and there is no reason for North Korea to view them as a provocation," Logan added. "While we will not discuss specifics, the defensive nature of these combined exercises has been clear for many decades and has not changed."
In the past, North Korea has often condemned the Foal Eagle exercise and used it as an excuse for its provocative missile and nuclear tests.
But that appeared to have changed in the lead up to Kim's offer to meet with Trump.
Kim "understands that the routine joint military exercises between the Republic of Korea and the United States must continue," South Korean national security adviser Chung Eui-yong told reporters on March 8 as they announced that Trump had agreed to meet with Kim.
North Korea has not publicly responded to Trump's decision and no date has been scheduled for a meeting between the two leaders.
Photographed above from left to right are Big Spring High School 2018 Prom King, John Ibanez; Prom Queen, Jori Hanlan; Prom Prince, Elijah Munoz and Prom Princess, Abby Luna after being announced during the prom on Saturday, April 21, 2018.
See Tuesday's edition of the Herald.
Search
Jess Phillips on the absolute sexism of the “Absolute Boys” on the Left…
“They [the left-wing men] are the worst, the actual worst. Men said they supported better female representation but, when it came to losing their own jobs, they would say, ‘Oh, you mean me? But I am so clever. I've got so much to offer the world'. They are literally the worst.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (AP) — Minnesota assistant Joel Johnson has been named the head coach of the U.S. women's Under-18 team for the 2017-18 season.
USA Hockey announced Johnson's appointment Wednesday.
Johnson's staff includes associate coach Maura Crowell and assistant coach Courtney Kennedy. Crowell is the head coach at Minnesota-Duluth. Kennedy is the associate head coach at Boston College.
Johnson has led Team USA to three consecutive gold medals in the International Ice Hockey Federation Under-18 World Championships. They just finished their 12th year as a Minnesota assistant coach and currently holds the title of associate head coach for the powerhouse Gophers.
The U.S. will compete in the women's U18 series against Canada on Aug. 17-20 in Lake Placid, New York. The IIHF Under-18 Women's World Championship is expected to take place early next year.
As thousands of Colorado school teachers get ready to descend on their state capitol this week to demand billions of dollars in education funding, lawmakers are proposing jailing them if they even consider going on strike.
The proposed law pitched by two Republican legislators threatens jail time for any educator caught "directly or indirectly inducing, instigating, encouraging, authorizing, ratifying, or participating in a strike against any public school employer."
David Zalubowski/AP
The jail term proposed by the prime sponsors of the bill, state Sen. Bob Gardner and Rep. Paul Lundeen, is six months.
"Clearly it's an attempt to limit the voices of educators," Kerrie Dallman, president of the Colorado Education Association, told ABC News. "All we want to do is talk to our elected representatives about funding our schools appropriately. And here are two Republican legislators who've come out with a bill that is a clear attack on public school teachers in the state."
Colorado teachers are poised to participate in a lobbying effort in Denver Thursday and Friday, prompting at least a dozen school districts in the state to cancel school.
Dallman said they expect "a couple thousand" teachers to gather at the state capitol on Thursday and "7,000-plus" on Friday.
They emphasized the "days of action" at the capitol is not a strike or even a mass teacher walkout. They said most of the teachers participating in the event will be using the two personal leave days they earn annually.
"The fact that they're using one of their two personal days ... is a pretty strong signal about how important this issue is," Dallman said.
In a meeting with reporters on Monday, Gardner said their bill would not prohibit actions like the one teacher are planning this week, and they said it was "absurd" to say the proposal was intended to curb teachers' voices.
Gardner stressed that the bill deals with strikes which persist in defiance of a court order -- not the kind of protests teachers plan at the Capitol later this week. #copolitics #coleg #sb267 #context #context #context https://t.co/etlzLXVpBL — Colorado Senate GOP (@ColoSenGOP) April 24, 2018
“I started thinking about the bill when I saw the news about teacher strikes in West Virginia,” Gardner said, according to The Denver Post. “It's a wise thing to do, in some shape or form, in the state of Colorado because we have one district that's already voted to strike. We have others discussing a strike. Strikes are not good for children.”
Gardner did not respond to ABC News' request for comment.
West Virginia teachers went on a nine-day strike earlier this year and won a 5 percent pay raise. The labor action ignited a string of teacher protests in red states like Oklahoma, Kentucky and Arizona where the governors' offices and state legislatures are dominated by Republicans.
David Zalubowski/AP
Arizona teachers voted last week to go on strike as early as Thursday in an effort to win a 20 percent pay hike.
Colorado is the exception. The state's governor, John Hickenlooper, is a Democrat and Democrats hold a majority of seats in the State House.
The bill proposed by Gardner and Lundeen will likely not pass. In a tweet Monday, the Colorado Senate Democrats called the proposal "anti-worker trash."
This bill is anti-worker trash. Republicans would rather pay to throw teachers in jail than pay them to teach. #copolitics https://t.co/WXxhIUEyFO — Colorado Senate Dems (@COSenDem) April 23, 2018
Dallman told ABC News that teachers in Colorado are frustrated that their efforts so far have not swayed lawmakers to adhere to Amendment 23, which was passed by voters in 2000 and requires the state to increase funding for education at the annual rate of inflation.
"We've had over nine years now of chronic underfunding of our schools," Dallman said. "We have lobbied over those nine years and we are fed up at this point. Obviously, those nine years of lobbying around education funding have not achieved the results that we think parents want and what public school educators want."
David Zalubowski/AP, FILE
They said Colorado spends about $2,700 less than the national per-pupil average of about $12,000 a year.
Dallman said that over the last nine years, state lawmakers have underfunded education by $6.6 billion.
"This year alone it was $828 million," they said.
They went on, "So we want them to pay off that debt and adhere to Amendment 23 within the next four years. We want no new corporate tax breaks of any kind until we're funding our schools at the national per-pupil average."
By Abby Hassler
Lil Uzi Vert just became the world's biggest Marilyn Manson fan by dropping $220,000 on a brand-new chain featuring Manson rocking Mickey Mouse ears, according to TMZ.
Celebrity jeweler Ben Baller presented the chain from IF & Co. Jewelers to Uzi this Sunday (April 16). Uzi wore the new piece, which features 16,000 diamonds and totals 155 carats at Coachella this past weekend.
Related: Iggy Azalea Debuts New Song ‘Can't Lose' with Lil Uzi Vert
On social media, Baller wrote, “@liluzivert goin crazy again. This time I made them a 100-carat VS diamond spiked choker bike chain and a 55-carat black & white diamond Marilyn Manson pendant… This year has been insane. And this is in the top 3 piece I've ever made in my career and Uzi already has a piece in my top 5 as well. @IFANDCO IS THE ONLY SHOP making custom link chains with invisible locks! We're the only ones putting diamond baguettes as teeth inside custom pieces. Remember spaceships don't come equipped with rearview mirrors! 🚀 #LuvIsRage2 coming soon! 🤘🏼 #LILUZI #IFANDCO #MarilynManson #VVS #BlackDiamonds #DiamondBaguettes #CognacDiamonds #CustomJewelry #NOCVDs #GAMEOVER 💀”
Check out Uzi's unusual bling below.
A 29-year-old woman and their ex-husband, both of Thousand Oaks, were identified as the victim and suspect in a shooting at The Oaks Mall.Thousand Oaks police said Sunday that Parisa Siddiqi was the woman shot and killed Saturday by 33-year-old Kevin Crane while they were working at the Paper Source store Saturday afternoon.Police said Crane turned the gun on themselves after they fatally shot Siddiqi and survived.  They are being treated at a local hospital, where they remain in critical condition.The two had children, police said."Their children are fine. They've been located at this time," said Ventura County Sheriff's Sgt. Eric Boschow on Saturday.Mall shoppers who heard the gunfire panicked, thinking it was an active shooter situation, according to witnesses. Some ran out of the mall, while others hid in stores.The entire mall was put in lockdown immediately after the shooting.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Main Street in Pilot Mountain was closed to traffic throughout the day Saturday, making way for the steady stream of shoppers and spectators that filled the area as they were treated to a diverse array of the sights and sounds making up the spring edition of the Pilot View Vintage Market.
One hundred and twenty-five vendors were spaced along the street, leaving room for shoppers to have easy access to the doorways of several businesses which remained open during the day. Vendors from throughout the region and beyond were on hand to show off a wide assortment of antiques, vintage and repurposed items, crafts, art and other varied creations.
Other offerings included multiple food trucks and food stations as well as, set up in the town hall parking lot, the season's first farmers' market. The markets will continue each Saturday morning through Oct. 27.
With the feel of spring in the air, shoppers and their families lingered near booths, chatting with vendors as well as old and new friends found on the street.
“We love the crafts as well as seeing people,” noted Rural Hall resident Tina Black, who was attending the market with several members of their family. “It's neat to see how people are taking junk and creating from it. Now, we're looking forward to visiting the food trucks for lunch. We love a festival like this, especially in a small downtown. We came to the first one here last fall and we wanted to come back.”
Elaine Jackson, a vendor from Welcome, was on hand with embroidered goods from their business, The Fig Tree. They also voiced appreciation for the concept of the one-day market.
“I love a small town street festival,” they said. “It's a great day and a lot of people are out here.”
Vendors Tanner and Amanda Moncrieff of Mocksville had set up a booth for their Carpe Diem Antiques after hearing positive comments about last fall's initial vintage market.
“It's been good for us,” Tanner Moncrieff said. “The weather is great and it's a really good turnout. These types of markets are big now and a lot of people are doing them. This really seems to fit the town well.”
Christy Craig, owner of the downtown business, A Vintage View, had served as a primary organizer for the day, partnering with the Pilot Mountain Unites group.
Exhausted but ecstatic, they pointed to estimates that 10,000 people had passed through the downtown area during the day.
“It was a hit,” they said. “We were busy all day. People were talking about how welcoming the town was and I heard nothing but positive comments. Our businesses worked together and the shoppers, the store owners and the vendors benefited. This is a great fit for us.”
Craig went on to say the market will continue on a biannual basis, spring and fall, with the next event scheduled for Nov. 10.
Mary Colman, left, of Pinnacle Hills Soaps in Pinnacle talks to a group of prospective customers about their line of farm fresh goat milk soaps. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC07454.jpg Mary Colman, left, of Pinnacle Hills Soaps in Pinnacle talks to a group of prospective customers about their line of farm fresh goat milk soaps. Dean Palmer | Special to the News Main Street was filled throughout the day for the spring edition of the Pilot View Vintage Market on Saturday. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC07451.jpg Main Street was filled throughout the day for the spring edition of the Pilot View Vintage Market on Saturday. Dean Palmer | Special to the News The Pilot Mountain Farmers' Market was off to a fast start on Saturday after setting up in the Town of Pilot Mountain parking lot as part of the Pilot View Vintage Market. Here, Jamie Renzi, left, of RomaReady, chats with patrons as they check out their assortment of garden plants. Renzi, a farmers' market participant since its inception, is serving this year as market manager. Anyone wishing to take part in the market may contact them at 336-473-9450. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC07442.jpg The Pilot Mountain Farmers' Market was off to a fast start on Saturday after setting up in the Town of Pilot Mountain parking lot as part of the Pilot View Vintage Market. Here, Jamie Renzi, left, of RomaReady, chats with patrons as they check out their assortment of garden plants. Renzi, a farmers' market participant since its inception, is serving this year as market manager. Anyone wishing to take part in the market may contact them at 336-473-9450. Dean Palmer | Special to the News Mike Moran, a wood craftsman from Pinnacle, shows off one of their delicately carved hummingbirds to 7-year-old Paige Love as their mother watches. Moran attracted a crowd as they also gave periodic carving demonstrations throughout the day. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC07459.jpg Mike Moran, a wood craftsman from Pinnacle, shows off one of their delicately carved hummingbirds to 7-year-old Paige Love as their mother watches. Moran attracted a crowd as they also gave periodic carving demonstrations throughout the day. Dean Palmer | Special to the News
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Automaker Volkswagen has suspended its head of external relations and sustainability in response to the controversy over experiments in which monkeys were exposed to diesel exhaust.
The company said in a statement Tuesday that Thomas Steg was stepping away from their duties at their own request.
The statement said the company was "drawing the first consequences" as it investigates the activities of EUGT, the entity backed by Volkswagen and other carmakers that commissioned the monkey experiment.
The move follows a report in The New York Times that the now-disbanded EUGT commissioned the test to show how Volkswagen's diesel technology was succeeding in controlling emissions. But the test was done with a vehicle rigged to cheat on emissions tests. The practice was exposed in 2015, toppling then-CEO Martin Winterkorn.
11:14 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Hotovely: Time to think of Yesha communities as 'normal' Read more Deputy Foreign Minister said, Thursday, ''If they approve 14,000 housing units in Qalqilya in the Palestinian Authority, we must demand, today, 14,000 housing units in Ariel." ► ◄ Last Briefs
Alexei Navalny has reacted to accusations of leadermania. One may say that Mr. Navalny was forced to react after they had faced criticism from blogger Sergei Udaltsov and former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
Last week, blogger Sergei Udaltsov accused Alexei Navalny of setting people up by calling for uncoordinated actions of protest. At the same time, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, the former head of Yukos oil company, stated that Mr. Navalny could evolve into "another Putin."
In response, Navalny advised Mr. Udaltsov should better watch the people in their team, particularly lawyer Violetta Volkova, who attended the press conference of the ex-coordinator of the Left Front organization. According to Navalny, Volkova appears to be "a lawyer of the opposition" even though their activities harm the opposition. "Udaltsov needs to be cautious about their choice of the curator," advised the blogger.
Alexei Navalny recommended Mikhail Khodorkovsky should read their election program, which says clearly everything about the reduction of the presidential term, the expansion of the powers of the parliament, and other things they are supposed to dispel fears about "Putin II."
"I have a very good attitude towards Mr. Khodorkovsky, they are an intelligent and good man, but they tend to take the side of the traditional opposition camp, which has led us all into a dead end," Navalny said. In their opinion, the subject of "leadermania" is of interest only to a very limited circle of individuals.
"First off, this topic is discussed in a narrow Facebook environment. Secondly, am I authoritarian? "I asked FBK employees, and they all say that I'm not authoritarian, that our style of work is democratic. Yet, one has to judge by what has been said and done. We have clearly stated that the super-presidential republic is not needed, I will become president and voluntarily reduce my powers. We will expand the powers of the parliament and free the media," Navalny said.
Obviously, Navalny's response to Khodorkovsky was a lot more extensive than the one to Udaltsov. Navalny did not cite any counterarguments to Udaltsov, because Alexei Navalny does not see Sergei Udaltsov, their former colleague from the Coordination Council of the opposition as a figure capable of showing influence on the people around him.
Navalny believes that the only thing that Udaltsov is capable of now is to say a few words that everyone will forget tomorrow. Navalny does not see Udaltsov as a rival, but they understand that they should not lose the sight of Sergei Udaltsov, whose first post-prison press conference attracted a lot of attention.
It is worth noting that Mr. Khodorkovsky has made several predictions about the advent of the new authoritarian leader with an unambiguous reference to Alexei Navalny. The former oil tycoon seems to support Navalny as an opposition activist, but says that if Navalny becomes president, Russia will have another Putin in the office.
Alexei Navalny's "election campaign" deserves special attention here as well. Navalny often says "when I am president" and the like. At the same time, everyone understands that there will be no presidential campaign for Mr. Navalny as such, because they have previous convictions. No one will change the Penal Code and the election law of the Russian Federation to let Navalny become a presidential candidate. By the way, Sergei Udaltsov was more honest at this point: "I'm not going to say that I'm going to become president in the presence of a criminal record." According to him, they do not want to engage in charlatanism.
Anton Kulikov
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Aaron Rodgers danced all over the Ford Field turf, avoiding sacks, keeping plays alive and eventually lifting Green Bay to the NFC North title.
The Packers' quarterback certainly looks healthy, and there wasn't much the Detroit Lions could do to stop him.
Rodgers threw for 300 yards and four touchdowns, and Green Bay beat the Lions 31-24 on Sunday night to edge Detroit by one game for the division. The Packers finished the regular season on a six-game winning streak, and Rodgers threw for 18 touchdowns with no interceptions in the final seven games.
Detroit is also headed to the playoffs as a wild card.
When their team was 4-6, Rodgers said they thought Green Bay could "run the table" — and the Packers did just that for the rest of the regular season.
"That's what you have to do sometimes as a leader. You have to exude confidence even in a situation where it seems to the outside world that confidence shouldn't exist, and that's kind of what I did," Rodgers said. "I believe in myself and my abilities, but I also believe in this team."
Rodgers finished the regular season with 4,428 yards passing, with 40 touchdowns and seven interceptions. He's dealt with a sore right calf but showed no ill effects while smoothly eluding Detroit's pass rush all night.
Green Bay (10-6) will open the playoffs at home against the New York Giants next Sunday, and Detroit (9-7) plays at Seattle on Saturday.
The Lions were trying to win their first division title since 1993 but came up short, losing their final three games and settling for a wild card.
"Obviously, guys don't like to lose. They're competitors," Detroit coach Jim Caldwell said. "But the fact of the matter is though that we have an opportunity. When you look at the alternative, this is 1,000 times better than that."
Here are a few things we learned from the final game of the NFL regular season:
ON A ROLL
Green Bay's offense is operating at a very high level. The Packers have scored at least 30 points in four straight games, and they finished with 448 yards and 28 first downs against the Lions. From the second quarter on, it seemed like penalties were the only real obstacle for Green Bay.
A STEP BELOW
The Lions could end up beating Seattle for their first postseason win in 25 years, but it would be an upset. Detroit is the lowest-seeded team in the NFC playoffs and hasn't measured up against the league's best. The Lions are 0-5 against other teams that are headed to the postseason.
RUNNING THREATS
The Lions and Packers lean on their passing, but there were some hints of more balance Sunday. Detroit's Zach Zenner ran for 69 yards and a touchdown, and Green Bay's Aaron Ripkowski had 61 yards on only nine carries. The Packers rushed for 153 yards as a team.
SWOON
For a second straight game, Detroit fell flat in the second half. Against Dallas, the Lions were tied 21-all at halftime before losing 42-21. Then Detroit led Green Bay 14-10 after two quarters before the Packers scored 21 of the game's next 24 points.
SCARY MOMENT
Green Bay cornerback Quinten Rollins was carted off with a neck injury in the second half after tumbling out of bounds on the Detroit sideline. The Packers said they were conscious with movement and was being evaluated at the hospital.
"He was communicating and everything — looked positive before they left the field," coach Mike McCarthy said. "I think with that, our players had confidence that they were going to be OK."
———
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL .
———
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Transcript for White House won't say if Trump will ever release their tax returns
President basis points sixteen turns it. Maybe those are not itself. Now you can't and then they are time I think it's been covered before it's the same thing that. That was discussed during the campaign to other president is under audit its. A routine one it continues. And I think that the American public know clearly wary stance this is something that they made very clear during the election cycle cheese and on and and so in and the onetime that it was done I think the people understand. How successful president spent and how much he's paid taxes so. But but it's the same what warned of the same on it that existed and and so nothing has changed. You asked about this obviously thousands upon you always talk about what the audit. As there are. Is is it time to say Watson all the president is ever going to. Have to get accurate. If you want immediacy. Of wrote. Playback no II senate have to get backyard I think that where's he's still wonder audited statements still stands.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Elias Diaz's throw to first goes to the outfield, allowing two runners to score, and the umpires review the slide as the call stands
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Kinda tough to go back to work today after a holiday weekend with family and friends, right? Not for everyone, though. Lily Collins, for instance, was inspired to conquer the world after receiving a serious compliment for their new book of essays, Unfiltered: No Shame, No Regrets, Just Me.
None other than Michelle Obama — yep, that Michelle Obama — reached out to the 28-year-old author after receiving a copy of the new book, and Collins was excited, to put it mildly.
“Best way to start off my week!” the Rules Don't Apply actor captioned a social media post of their reading the letter. “I can't believe this letter I received from someone I deeply respect and admire. It's absolutely epic. I'm in complete shock but just had to share!”
In a second post, Collins gave a close-up view of the former first lady's note.
“Thank you from the bottom of my heart Michelle Obama for your encouragement and support,” Collins captioned it. “You have no idea how much this means to me.”
Collins noted that the letter came with an appropriate postage stamp for a strong female: one featuring a certain superhero.
“And that Wonder Woman stamp is everything,” Collins wrote beside the photo of the letter. “You truly are such an incredible inspiration. I'll definitely be framing these!”
In their book, published last month, Collins opened up about their sometimes rocky relationship with father Phil Collins and their struggle with an eating disorder as a teenager. It wasn't easy, and they once likened it to “having my diary published,” but they wanted to share because they noticed that many of the young women following them were turning their social media pages into a community.
“Girls from all over the world started sharing their insecurities, whether it was with bullying, body issues or dating,” Collins told Us Weekly. “They were really putting themselves out there and being brave. I thought, if they're willing to tell their stories, I want to tell mine. They have no idea how much I can connect with them.”
It wasn't easy, but Collins ultimately finished their book.
“Writing this was definitely the most difficult thing I've done to date, but at the end, it was the most gratifying,” they said.
Thanks to the former FLOTUS, the rewards for Collins just got even better.
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
21:43 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Cause of explosion that destroyed Israeli satellite discovered Read more
SpaceX company announces that rockets which have been grounded since September explosion will return to service next week. ► ◄ Last Briefs
The federal government has denied it is interested in forcing companies that offer encrypted communications services to create “backdoors” to allow security agencies access. However, the prime minister and the attorney-general have indicated that they want to strengthen the ability to legally compel a company to assist with decryption.
“We need even stronger cooperation from the big social media and messaging platforms in the fight against terrorism and the extremism which spawns it,” Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said this morning in a national security statement.
“Encryption, for example, is a vital piece of security for every user of the Internet — protecting all of us as we go about our lives from shopping to banking, to chatting online,” Turnbull told the House of Representatives.
“However, encrypted messaging applications are also used by criminals and terrorists. At the moment, much of this traffic is difficult for our security agencies to decrypt and, indeed, for our Five Eyes partners as well.”
Turnbull cited the example of the legal stoush between Apple and the FBI over attempts to break encryption on an iPhone owned by one of the shooters in the San Bernardino attack in the US.
Turnbull said that Attorney-General George Brandis will later this month attends a meeting in Ottawa, Canada, with their counterparts from the Five Eyes nations and “and discuss what more can be done among our likeminded nations and with the communications and technology industry to ensure that terrorists and organised criminals are not able to operate with impunity in ungoverned digital spaces online”.
“This is not about creating or exploiting back doors, as some privacy advocates continue to say, despite constant reassurance from us,” Turnbull said.
“It is about collaboration with and assistance from industry in the pursuit of public safety.”
Brandis on the weekend told Sky News' Sunday Agenda that the government was interested in “lifting the legal obligations on device makers and social media companies to cooperate with authorities in decrypting communications.”
The attorney-general cited as an example the technical capability notices issued under UK's Investigatory Powers Act, which impose a legal obligation for service providers to cooperate with providing access to a communication.
Existing provisions in Australian law “don't go far enough in imposing obligations of cooperation upon the corporates,” Brandis said.
Turnbull today said that along with the minister assisting the prime minister for cybersecurity, Dan Tehan, they had established “a taskforce to drive fast action to improve Australia's capability and response to cybersecurity and cyber claim threats and incidents”.
“The Wannacry ransomware incident in mid-May was a big wake-up call for many,” Turnbull said.
“We were fortunate not to see the widespread disruption seen in the UK and elsewhere. So this will go strongly with Commonwealths and state and territory governments in bringing forward the new ideas that we need to build nationality capability and capacity.”
In a statement in reply to the PM, opposition leader Bill Shorten said that “encryption technology like WhatsApp and Telegram” allow terrorist groups “to securely communicate not just a message of violence, but instructions on how to carry it out”.
Shorten also said that not enough was known about the use of “the digital currency Bitcoin and the use of the dark web” by terrorist groups.
They described the “dark web”, which typically refers to websites whose physical host is obscured by Tor, as a “network of untraceable online activities and hidden websites, allowing those who wish to stay in the shadows to remain hidden.”
“Terrorists are increasingly using this network to avoid detection, conduct planning and acquire capability and tools to carry out their evil actions,” Shorten said. “We must target this threat head-on. As terrorists adapt their methods and seek to hide online, we must ensure our agencies have the tools, resources and technology so terrorism has no place to hide.”
“We need a renewed focus on cyber threats from attacks on government institutions, breaches of individual privacy and identity theft, industrial espionage and interference in elections,” the Labor leader also said. “And we must ensure that our agencies and security personnel are properly supported, equipped, funded and paid, for the important work they do for all Australians.”
NEW YORK (AP) -- Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein is on indefinite leave from the company they co-founded while an internal investigation into numerous sexual harassment allegations against them is completed.
The board of directors of The Weinstein Co. said Friday that Weinstein's future with the company depends on their therapeutic progress and the results of the internal investigation.
The announcement came a day after The New York Times reported that Weinstein has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment.
"We believe it is important to learn the full truth regarding the article's very serious accusations, in the interests of the Company, its shareholders and its employees," the company said.
The statement is signed by four of six remaining board members.
The board named attorney John Kiernan of the firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP as the head of the internal investigation. It did not give a time frame for when the investigation would be completed.
The statement says it is essential for The Weinstein Co. to have a culture where women can work with respect and without fear of harassment or discrimination.
The New York Times expose chronicled allegations against Weinstein from actor Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. will be assumed by Weinstein's brother, Bob Weinstein, and David Glasser, the company's chief operating officer and president.
The Weinstein Co. board of directors has pressured Weinstein to step down from the company they helped create, said a person familiar with the board's deliberations who was not authorized to speak publicly. Weinstein has resisted, hoping to weather the storm. Discussions between Weinstein and the board have been heated and contentious, the person said.
Weinstein on Thursday issued a lengthy statement that quoted Jay-Z and asked for "a second chance." They and their lawyers, including Charles J. Harder, have also in statements and interviews criticized the New York York Times' report, though neither has referenced anything specific.
The Weinstein Co. board of directors are composed largely of investors like Tudor Group founder Paul Tudor Jones and WPP Group executive Lance Maerov. Board member Dirk Ziff, a billionaire investor, resigned Thursday.
Messages to Ziff and current board members were not returned Friday.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Friday, Weinstein attorney Lisa Bloom both defended Weinstein and acknowledged he'd been "stupid." They saluted the women who have come forward to allege wrongdoing but said many allegations were overblown and consisted of Weinstein telling a woman they "looked cute without my glasses."
Congressional Democrats, including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and potential 2020 presidential contender Elizabeth Warren, on Friday began giving charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from the disgraced Hollywood titan.
Weinstein and their family have given more than $1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle, nearly all of it to Democratic lawmakers, candidates and their allies, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.
Watch news, TV and more on Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android.
Transcript for Couple to redo wedding after wife gets amnesia to 'give them that memory'
day. Gig We're going T continue with ummerf lo. A tragic accident turned a couple's life side down causing their toorget the man they were mar to for 12 ye they refused to G up on their loved now they're renewing their wedding vows and Thi is their story. Is morning saying "I do" again. Jeff and Angela Hartung renewingvows five years after S developed sia-like symptoms th a tragic like sptom robbing them of eve memory they had. Afte years of marriage they hit B a car sufng an acute traumatic brain injury. The pictures that I've seen show thaty face wt through the windshield. They didn't see H and they didn't -- their lights weren't on and idn't see them and, you , they were struckl speed. Reporter: Wg up one month later butver a decade O their memory gone. Not evenecognizing their hband was by here every day waiting for them to wakeup. Well, they WOU look at me and ask why I was in theroom. They just learned to trust became I was there E day all Y. The siton could have been Y orter: Angela awo not rememberinr father and their first husband both passed away. The mother of fourhinking their teenage children weretill lers. I'm sad that I don't remember raising the children. Orter: But Jeff they opped at nothio make their falln love W them all over again. I felt like I was dating them all overagain. It is N. Itfun dating again he's just anwesome man. Reporter:tors telling thehartungs their memory L was much like amnesia and they would ly never get those memories back. But that hasn't stopped the hags from making new memories. Wing their vows in front of their closestrids and families in ntral park, a memoryther of them will ever forget isn't that an incredible story. H a Goodman. They didn't recognize H but learned to trust them because they were by their sidvery single day through it all. Ang story. K you. All right, CING up, we are
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
NEW YORK (AP) — A person familiar with the plans tells The Associated Press that Major League Baseball is working to finalize a two-game series between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox at London's Olympic Stadium on June 29-30 in 2019, the sport's first regular-season games in Europe.
The Red Sox have the option of having both games be Boston home games, the person familiar with the planning said. The person spoke on condition of anonymity Monday because no announcement had been made.
Baseball officials have long hoped for games on London and settled last year on Olympic Stadium, which is in its second season as home of West Ham of the Premier League. Because it originally was built for a 400-meter track, it is wider than other large stadiums in the London area and can best accommodate the dimensions of a baseball field.
MLB chose the June window because it is after the Premier League season and before the stadium must be made available for summer track and field events. MLB hopes to make an announcement within the next two months.
Each player would get $60,000 for participating in the games, according to the collective bargaining agreement.
MLB is playing regular-season games in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and Monterrey, Mexico, this year.
Baseball opened its season at Monterrey in 1999 (Colorado vs. San Diego); the Tokyo Dome in 2000 (Chicago Cubs-New York Mets), 2004 (Tampa Bay-Yankees), 2008 (Boston-Oakland) and 2012 (Seattle-Oakland); and at Sydney, Australia in 2014 (Los Angeles Dodgers-Arizona). The collective bargaining agreement had a provision for a 2019 opener in Toyko.
Additional regular-season games were played at Monterrey in 1996 (San Diego-Mets); and at San Juan in 2001 (Toronto-Texas), 2003-04 (a total of 43 Montreal home games) and 2010 (Mets-Florida Marlins).
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — A South Carolina woman who spent two months chained inside a large metal container says their captor raped them daily and bragged that they were good at killing, claiming that their victims tallied nearly 100.
Kala Brown says they did what they had to do to survive.
"He told me as long as I served my purpose, I was safe," Brown told Phillip McGraw, the host of the television show "Dr. Phil."
It was the first time they have talked publicly since their Nov. 3 rescue, which authorities say helped them solve seven killings in the area dating back 13 years. Police said Todd Kohlhepp, a real estate agent with their own firm until their arrest, killed Brown's boyfriend, a couple who had been missing nearly a year and four people at a motorcycle shop in 2003.
Brown said they and their boyfriend had gone to Kohlhepp's rural property Aug. 31 to help them clear some underbrush. She'd cleaned houses for them previously to prepare them for sale. After the couple followed them to a two-story garage on the 95-acre property in Spartanburg County, Kohlhepp handed them hedge clippers and bottles of water. They said they needed to get something inside and came out shooting, Brown said.
They shot Charles Carver three times in the chest, they said. They gagged Brown and handcuffed their ankles and wrists. Kohlhepp took them to a "pitch black," 30-foot-long storage container nearby, chained them by the neck in a back corner and raped her, they said.
They "let me know that if I tried to run, he'd kill me. If I tried to hurt him, he'd kill me. If I fought back, they would kill me. And then they raped me," Brown said in episodes that aired this week. "He would rape me twice a day, every day."
The days evolved into a pattern, they said.
They took them to the garage twice a day, where they ate, used the bathroom and was allowed to bathe every other day using a washcloth and a small plastic bowl of water. But they were never unchained, they said.
"He would put more chains on before they took other chains off," they said.
Kohlhepp, 45, faces murder, kidnapping and weapons charges.  They are not charged with sexual assault. Spokesmen for the sheriff and prosecutor declined to address the rape allegations or whether more charges are forthcoming. Their attorney did not return messages.
The Associated Press normally does not identify victims of sexual assault but is naming Brown after they publicly identified herself.
The day after their rescue, investigators found Carver's body in a shallow grave on Kohlhepp's property. Brought to the site in handcuffs, Kohlhepp showed authorities the graves of the couple missing since December 2015. Kohlhepp told Brown they held that woman captive, too, before killing them
Police said Kohlhepp acknowledged the grisly 2003 cold case after authorities granted them several requests, including letting them speak to their mother.
Brown said Kohlhepp told them they killed Carver because "it was easier to control someone if you took someone they loved."
They thought Kohlhepp was infatuated with them and didn't want to kill her, even saying they would let them go and give their money "if they ever got old and sick," they said. They explained Stockholm syndrome, in which a hostage starts feeling sympathetic toward their captor, and said "it would kick in and we'd be happy together."
They twice let them see parts of the property beyond the garage and container, including once chained to a four-wheeler.
"I had been in a dark, small, enclosed space and couldn't move more than a few feet. I was thrilled to be outdoors," they said.
When Brown heard people talking outside the container the morning of Nov. 3, they panicked, thinking maybe they had brought someone else. When they realized help had come, "I started screaming and hitting the walls," they said.
"I knew my family would never stop looking, but they were so careful, I couldn't see how I could be found so soon. I was scared it really wasn't happening," they said. "And when they finally got the door open and I saw the police uniforms, I was relieved."
Congratulations Cheyenne Dooley, you are our Pal's Photo in a Flash winner for Wednesday, June 14th!
We select our winners each day and feature the winning photos on News Channel 11 at 5:00 p.m. and 5:30 p.m.
Enter our Pal's Photo in a Flash contest by emailing your best photo to wininaflash@wjhl.com.
If your photo is featured in our newscasts, simply stop by to pick up your FREE coffee mug Monday – Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
If you were a Pal's Photo in a Flash winner since January 1, 2016, you can stop by the station or call 423-926-2151 to arrange to pick up your mug.
If you live quite a distance from our studios, be sure to call the above number so that we can make arrangements for you.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
00:45 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 15-year-old boy stabbed during fight in Haifa A 15-year-old boy was stabbed during a fight in Haifa on Monday night. They were evacuated by paramedics to the Rambam Hospital in the city in moderate to serious condition. ► ◄ Last Briefs
1733 Foothill Blvd., #A (Rancho San Antonio)
400 Montclair Ave., #1 (Cleveland Heights)
2300 Fruitvale Ave. (Patten)
3875 Ruby St., #305 (Mosswood)
Curious just how far your dollar goes in Oakland?We've rounded up the latest rental offerings via rental site Zumper to get a sense of what to expect when it comes to scoring an apartment in Oakland if you're on a budget of $2,000 / month.Take a peek at what rentals the city has to offer, below. (Note: prices and availability are subject to change.)Listed at $2,000 / month, this studio apartment is located at 1733 Foothill Blvd.The apartment features tile flooring, high ceilings, a dishwasher and an electric stove. Assigned parking is offered as a building amenity. Both cats and dogs are permitted.According to Walk Score's assessment, the surrounding area is friendly for those on foot, is convenient for biking and offers many nearby public transportation options.(Take a look at the complete listing here .)Next, there's this one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment located at 400 Montclair Ave. It's also listed for $2,000 / month for its 850-square-feet of space.The building features outdoor space. In the unit, there are hardwood floors, high ceilings, a walk-in closet, a decorative fireplace, French doors and ample closet space. Pets are not welcome.According to Walk Score, the area around this address is quite walkable, is fairly bikeable and offers many nearby public transportation options.(See the complete listing here .)Here's an 800-square-foot one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment at 2300 Fruitvale Ave. that's going for $1,995 / month.In the apartment, you'll get in-unit laundry, central heating, hardwood flooring, a dishwasher, stainless steel appliances, a walk-in closet and granite countertops. Secured entry and assigned parking are offered as building amenities. Two feline companions are permitted.Per Walk Score ratings, the surrounding area has excellent walkability, has some bike infrastructure and offers many nearby public transportation options.(Check out the complete listing here .)Next, check out this 650-square-foot one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment that's located at 3875 Ruby St. It's listed for $1,975 / month.In the unit, you'll get hardwood floors, high ceilings, a dishwasher, a walk-in closet, garden access, a ceiling fan and granite countertops. When it comes to building amenities, anticipate on-site laundry, outdoor space, on-site management and a bike room. Feline companions are welcome.Per Walk Score ratings, the area around this address has excellent walkability, is great for biking and has excellent transit.(Take a look at the complete listing here .)---
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
It's not easy being a mixed martial artist, even when you're as skilled and famous as Ronda Rousey. It seems like the higher the public lifts you up when you're winning, the harder they'll toss you back down to the ground after a loss or two. For Rousey, this means their latest loss at UFC 207 has opened the floodgates to endless memes and snarky comments directed their way. But anyone can paste a picture of Ronda Rousey getting punched into the cover art for Radiohead's The Bends. It takes someone special to come up with an original new dance, and fellow MMA star Michael ‘Venom' Page is that special someone.
Page knows a little bit about brutal MMA losses, having dealt out several of them during their career in regional UK promotions and Bellator. Most recently, they made headlines for literally caving in the skull of their opponent with a flying knee and following it up by throwing a Poke Ball at their downed foe.
In this video, an oldschool breakbeat plays as a voice hypnotically suggests we all do the Ronda Rousey. Page staggers around their impromptu dancefloor, their shoes flying through all the major footwork no-nos Ronda performed in their 48 second loss to Brazilian powerhouse Amanda Nunes.
If there's one criticism we have with this video, it's that it didn't include the Airplane, which was what Rousey was basically doing by the end of the fight when the referee stepped in to save them
Facebook
One of the best rock albums to hit in 2018 is Lucy Dacus' sophomore effort Historian. One of the best songs from that collection is a track titled “Night Shift,” a lengthy post-mortem about a broken relationship that's touched with some serious guitar bombast around the middle. Recently, Dacus touched down in Seattle for an intimate performance at the Tractor Tavern, which was caught and filmed by Amazon, who shared a video of the singer's incredible performance of that amazing tune.
In a recent interview with Uproxx's own Steven Hyden, Dacus opened up about the inspiration behind this particular song. “It's the first breakup song I've ever written, and there's a lot of raw emotion to it,” they said. “Also, it's about something really specific, and that has taken a lot of bravery I haven't had up until this point, to be specific and truthful. I can look back on No Burden and kind of know where the songs came from, but it's a little more general. This album is really based on specific difficulties, maybe even difficulties I'm even still in the middle of. Beyond the [lyrics], it is a first for me to get that loud at the end. Writing it felt like a release, and singing it every night feels like a release as well.”
You can watch Lucy Dacus's performance of “Night Shift” in the video above.
A look at some of the key business events and economic indicators upcoming this week:
Rate hike?
Investors believe the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at a two-day meeting that wraps up Wednesday. At its last meeting in November the panel decided to keep the Fed's benchmark interest rate unchanged in a low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent. With the economy on solid footing, the Fed is expected to raise rates for the third time this year.
Eye on jobs
On Thursday the Labor Department releases data on the number of initial jobless claims last week. Initial claims, a proxy for layoffs, fell to 236,000 two weeks ago. Economists forecast the number rose slightly last week. In October initial jobless claims fell to a four-decade low of 223,000.
Dec. 9 est. 238,000
Dec. 1 236,000
Nov. 24 238,000
Nov. 17 240,000
Nov. 10 252,000
Nov. 3 239,000
Costco earnings
Issaquah, Washington-based Costco Wholesale reports its first-quarter earnings on Thursday. Costco's shares slumped nearly 7.5 percent in October after it said its gross margins shrank in the fourth quarter. The stock has rallied about 20 percent since then, reaching an all-time high. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expect Costco to report earnings per share rose to $1.33, up from $1.17 a year earlier.
Mayweather Promotions has received approval for an August date for a potential showdown between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor.
Though it doesn't mean all the details have been ironed out, Mayweather Promotions received approval from the Nevada State Athletic Commission for an Aug. 26 event at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
“Per NSAC chairperson Anthony Marnell, a request made by Mayweather Promotions to promote a boxing event on Aug. 26 at MGM Grand Garden Arena has been approved,” according to an ESPN.com report.
“The date is officially reserved by Mayweather Promotions, and multiple sources have previously informed ESPN.com that is the target date for Floyd Mayweather vs. Conor McGregor.”
No one is yet making an announcement that a deal for the fight has been inked, but requesting a date and receiving approval is a significant indicator that the fight is expected to happen.
TRENDING > Jon Jones' Mother Passes Away After Battle with Diabetes
A bout of this magnitude, however, involves many details that could make or break the deal at any moment. While McGregor and the UFC ironed out their side of the equation weeks ago, the larger part of the negotiations, getting the Mayweather side to come to terms with the McGregor/UFC side, is reportedly ongoing.
Follow MMAWeekly.com on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
The Sonoma County Sheriff's Office announced Monday the arrest of an eighth suspect in three home invasion robberies in Petaluma last week.Jade Lafay Johnson, 19, of Winston-Salem, North Carolina, was taken into custody Thursday by Winston-Salem police during a traffic stop in Winston Salem.Sonoma County sheriff's detectives flew to North Carolina over the weekend to interview Johnson, who is being held under $1 million bail and will be extradited to Sonoma County to face trial, sheriff's Sgt. Spencer Crum said.All eight suspects in the three Petaluma home invasion robberies on March 12 were from the East Coast, primarily from Richmond, Virginia, and Winston-Salem, Crum said.The suspects were looking for marijuana when they broke into three homes in the 100 and 200 blocks of Eugenia Drive around 3 a.m., tied up the occupants and pistol-whipped one occupant. There was no marijuana at any of the homes, Crum said.Four men were arrested after a subsequent pursuit into Novato, and three men were arrested around 7:30 p.m. that day when they tried to board a plane to the East Coast from San Francisco International Airport, Crum said.The seven suspects were booked into Sonoma County Jail on suspicion of robbery of an inhabited dwelling, burglary, false imprisonment, kidnapping and conspiracy. Six of the men are being held under $1 million bail and one is on no-bail status.
Getty Image
Comic Con Experience 2017 was held in São Paulo, Brazil, over the weekend, with studios like Warner giving updates about upcoming films. At Sony's panel, they screened a video of Tom Hardy addressing the crowd from the set of Venom in Atlanta, Georgia. Hardy, who plays Eddie Brock/Venom, told the crowd he's aiming to bring action and dark humor to their performance. They also said Venom is important to the Marvel universe, which just raises more questions about whether it's in the same universe as the other Marvel movies or not. The biggest reveal, however, was when Hardy revealed which comics in particular the movie is based on: Venom: Lethal Protector.
Venom: Lethal Protector was a six-issue series written by David Michelinie and released in 1993. In it, Venom and Spider-Man agree to a truce as long as Eddie Brock/Venom doesn't commit any more crimes. Brock moves to San Francisco intending to make good on their truce, but not everyone is ready to forget the past. The father of one of Venom's victims takes a hit out on him, and Venom is also hunted by the Life Foundation, who want to study them and create their own symbiote. In the comics, they create five symbiotes (Scream, Phage, Riot, Lasher, and Agony), but the film could see them creating a different symbiote, like Carnage.
Basing the movie on Lethal Protector jibes with rumors that Hardy is portraying an anti-hero version of Venom, with Carnage being the main villain (and possibly played by Riz Ahmed of Rogue One and The Night Of). The film doesn't open until October 5th of next year, but Hardy has already posted a photo of themselves wearing the film's logo on a T-shirt on their Instagram:
(Reuters) - Two United Parcel Service Inc employees were injured in an explosion on Wednesday that caused significant damage to one of the package delivery company's freight facilities in Lexington, Kentucky, a UPS spokesperson said.
UPS said a gas leak from propane tanks inside a trailer may have caused the morning blast, some 80 miles east of Louisville. The company said the employees received minor injuries and that it shut down operations.
UPS spokesperson Glenn Zaccara said they did not know when operations were expected to resume or how much freight volume was disrupted by the blast.
The Lexington Fire Department said six people were taken to a local hospital for observation after the blast.
Fire officials said the explosion caused significant structural damage to a maintenance facility, with the walls and roof the hardest hit.
A photo released by the fire department appeared to show chunks of twisted metal and debris on the ground and roof in a loading area. The building was still standing.
"Nothing leads us to believe this is anything other than an accidental explosion," the fire department said in a string of tweets starting just after 8 a.m. EDT.
The building was evacuated and all employees have been accounted for, the fire department said.
UPS said it was working with authorities on an investigation.
(Reporting by Eric M. Johnson in Seattle; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and David Gregorio)
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. They then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July, when they urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, they said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said they had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
A sinkhole swallowed a car in Minnesota, just west of Minneapolis.The road opened up yesterday in Redwood Falls after some heavy rain.The driver was a 16-year-old who had only had their license for about a month.The teen says they had to climb out a back window.He wasn't hurt, thanks to their seat belt and airbag.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
TAIPEI (Taiwan New)- The 2018 Taipei Film Festival presented its Grand Prize, Special Jury Prize and Audience Choice Prize winners from 12 selected international movies on July 3, with the top prize going to "The Nothing Factory" from Portugal.
This year, there are 533 works enrolled for the contest, but only 12 films from 11 countries were selected for the final round. Taiwanese films "Dear Ex" and "Xiao Mei" both entered the final competing stage.
Taipei Film Festival chairperson, Mark Lee Ping-Bing, presented the certificates to the selected films. (Photo from Taipei Film Festival)
The chairperson of the festival, Mark Lee Ping-Bing, presented certificates to the 12 selected movies. They thanked the casts and crews for highlighting the Taipei Film Festival with their works.
The jury team lineup from the left: Japanese director Ryūsuke Hamaguchi, Taiwanese editor Liao Ching-Song, Rotterdam film selector Müge Demir and Malaysian director Tan Chui Mui. (Photo from Taipei Film Festival)
The head of the jury is a well known Taiwanese film editor, Liao Ching-Song. They led the jury team to reveal the Grand Prize, Special Jury Prize and Audience Choice Prize after 4 restless days of discussion.
The award winning directors and cast. (Photo from Taipei Film Festival)
The Grand Prize and monetary award of NT$600,000 (USD$20,000) went to Portuguese director Pedro Pinho's "The Nothing Factory". The Special Jury Prize and a monetary award of NT$300,000 (USD$10,000) went to Danish director Milad Alami's "The Charmer".
Additionally, the most popular Audience Choice Prize went to Taiwanese comedy "Dear Ex" with co-directors Mag Hsu and Chih-Yen Hsu.
For more information see 2018 Taipei Film Festival website and Facebook. The 3 winning movies' official trailers are as follows.
Grand Prize winner "The Nothing Factory" trailer
(Video from Taipei Film Festival)
Special Jury Prize winner "The Charmer" trailer
(Video from Taipei Film Festival)
Audience Choice award winner "Dear Ex" trailer
(Video from Taipei Film Festival)
BAGHDAD (AP) — A suicide bomber driving a pickup loaded with explosives struck a bustling market in Baghdad on Monday, killing at least 36 people in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group hours after French President Francois Hollande arrived in the Iraqi capital.
The bomb went off in a fruit and vegetable market that was packed with day laborers, a police officer said, adding that another 52 people were wounded.
During a press conference with Hollande, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day laborers. Once the workers gathered around, they detonated the vehicle.
IS claimed the attack in a statement circulated on a militant website often used by the extremists. It was the third IS-claimed attack in as many days in and around Baghdad, underscoring the lingering threat posed by the group despite a string of setbacks elsewhere in the country over the past year, including in and around the northern city of Mosul.
The attack took place in Sadr City, a vast Shiite district in eastern Baghdad that has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni extremists since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion.
Shiite militiamen loyal to Muqtada al-Sadr, the firebrand cleric for whose family the neighborhood is named, were seen evacuating bodies in their trucks before ambulances arrived. Dead bodies were scattered across the bloody pavement alongside fruit, vegetables and laborers' shovels and axes. A minibus filled with dead passengers was on fire.
Asaad Hashim, an owner of a mobile phone store nearby, described how the laborers pushed and shoved around the bomber's vehicle, trying to get hired.
“Then a big boom came, sending them up into the air,” said the 28-year old, who suffered shrapnel wounds to their right hand. They blamed “the most ineffective security forces in the world” for failing to prevent the attack.
An angry crowd cursed the government, even after a representative of al-Sadr tried to calm them. Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's 6 million residents.
“We have no idea who will kill at any moment and who's supposed to protect us,” said Ali Abbas, a 40-year old father of four who was hurled over their vegetable stand by the blast. “If the securities forces can't protect us, then allow us to do the job,” they added.
Three smaller bombings elsewhere in the city on Monday killed another seven civilians and wounded at least 30, according to medics and police officials. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters.
Hollande meanwhile met with al-Abadi and President Fuad Masum, and was expected to travel to the self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
Iraqi troops, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. Iraqi state TV said Hollande will discuss increasing support for Iraq and the latest developments in the 10-week-old offensive.
Hollande promised that France would remain a long-term ally of Iraq and called for coordination between intelligence services “in a spirit of great responsibility,” in remarks carried by their official Twitter account.
France is part of the American-led coalition formed in 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria. France has suffered multiple attacks claimed by the extremist group.
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants and bad weather.
Mosul is Iraq's second largest city and the last major urban area in the country controlled by IS. Iraqi and U.S. commanders hope to drive IS from the city in the next three months.
___
Associated Press writer Lori Hinnant in Paris contributed to this report.
SEATTLE (AP) — Amazon, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway and the New York bank JPMorgan Chase are teaming up to create health care company "free from profit-making incentives and constraints."
Buffett, in a prepared statement Tuesday, called the skyrocketing costs of health care in the U.S. the "hungry tapeworm on the American economy."
The ambitious goal, they say, is in the early planning stages, but the seismic nature of the announcement sent a shockwave through the health industry.
Shares of health care companies are falling in early trading.
Getty Image
The Orlando Magic have been searching for a head coach for some time now. The team announced that it had parted ways with Frank Vogel back on April 12, and for weeks, Orlando has been in the midst of preparing for the 2018 NBA Draft without knowing who will lead the franchise going forward.
But on Wednesday morning, the Magic finally got their man, and as it turns out, all they had to do was look at who had been in their division for the last five years. Orlando announced its decision to hire former Charlotte Hornets coach Steve Clifford.
By Saad Sayeed
ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - An unexplained dispute between Pakistan's interior minister and an elite paramilitary unit under their command is adding to political confusion in Islamabad, prompting questions about a rift in ties between civilian leaders and the powerful military.
The spat comes at a moment of heightened concern over the feverish political climate in nuclear-armed Pakistan, which the United States seeks to include in its new strategy for South Asia.
Interior Minister Ashan Iqbal was taken by surprise when the elite Rangers unit, which provides security around parliament, withdrew its guards without explanation on Wednesday.
"I was told the Rangers have unilaterally withdrawn from the important installations where they were on duty, which, for us, was shocking," Iqbal told domestic television channel Dawn News.
"This was a gross violation."
Outside parliament on Thursday, the Frontier Constabulary was on guard instead. A police official on duty confirmed the Rangers were no longer stationed there.
"The order for them to leave did not come from the interior ministry, it must have come from somewhere else," said the official, who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the topic.
The Pakistan Army's public relations wing denied any military involvement in the incident, attributing it to poor coordination.
"It was a local miscoordination, that got a lot of hype. I don't think there is a clash of institutions," Major General Asif Ghafoor said at a press briefing.
"The army will do what it needs to do within the constitution. But to create a perception that the army wants to impose martial law, these are things which are not even to be talked about," they added.
Rangers' officials could not immediately be reached for comment. Iqbal did not immediately respond to Reuters' telephone calls to seek comment.
Pakistan's military has ruled the country for 33 of the 70 years since independence from Britain in 1947. Since 2008, there have been democratically elected governments, but the army retains sweeping influence and any hint of discord stirs worries among advocates of a strong civilian government.
The Rangers had this week denied Iqbal entry to a court building where matters relating to an anti-graft case against Sharif were being heard, prompting them to threaten to resign, saying they refused to be "a puppet interior minister".
The moves follow July's Supreme Court disqualification of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif, which they blamed on a conspiracy against him, feeding speculation about a rupture in civilian-military ties.
Senior leaders from Sharif's Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N) party pointed fingers at the country's military after their disqualification for not declaring a source of income. The army denies playing a role.
But the Rangers' departure from the area around parliament points to a persistent disagreement between civilian and military leaders, one analyst said.
"They can't just leave their posts," said Zeeshan Salahuddin, communications and strategy director of the Islamabad-based Centre for Research and Security Studies.
"If they have done so without orders, that clearly shows the continuing rift between the two, and the displeasure of the military."
"We have concerns about the future of Pakistan's government too, in terms of them – we want their government to be stable," U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said, following a meeting with Pakistan's foreign minister on Wednesday.
The government will take action after completing an inquiry into the withdrawal, Iqbal added.
"The Rangers are a force subordinate to the ministry of the interior and when they are deployed, they are supposed to work under the civil administration," they said.
(Writing by Saad Sayeed; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Richard Balmforth)
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — A witness described hearing a “boom” Monday after police said a man detonated a crude improvised device near the Port Authority Bus Terminal during morning rush.
It happened around 7:19 a.m. in an underground walkway between Times Square and the bus terminal subway stations in the area of 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues.
Christina Bethea was starting off their week rushing to work when they said the device exploded about 50 feet from them
“To me it sounded more like a loud gunshot, like ‘boom' and it was over. Then smoke came and I ran upstairs. I don't know what happened after that,” they told 1010 WINS' Glenn Schuck. “When you hear ‘boom,' smoke, that means get the hell out of there. That's what I did.”
Christina Bethea was near explosion scene this morning #1010wins pic.twitter.com/OZe2protrq — glenn schuck (@glennschuck) December 11, 2017
The 29-year-old from Yonkers, who was unhurt in the blast but shaken, decided not to go to work as a security guard and instead will spend time with friends in Harlem to calm them nerves.
The explosion triggered a massive response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service.
“What are people thinking? You got crazy people walking around,” a man named Justin told WCBS 880's Alex Silverman.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” they said. “We could hear people yelling, ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'”
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
At least three people were hurt in the explosion that Police Commissioner James O'Neill called “terror-related.”
Speaking at a news conference, O'Neill identified the suspect as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
Police said they had a crude improvised device attached to their body using Velcro and zip ties and said video shows them walking down the passageway when the device exploded.
O'Neill said by the time officers arrived, they found Ullah with burns and wounds to their body. They were taken into custody and transported the hospital.
Police asked anyone with information about the incident to call the Terror Hotline at 888-NYC-SAFE.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
DeMario Jackson is speaking out about the controversy surrounding the Bachelor in Paradise shutdown, after production on the reality show's fourth season came to a halt amid "allegations of misconduct."
A source close to Paradise told ET that the show's suspension came after a producer became uncomfortable when Jackson and fellow Paradise castmember Corinne Olympios allegedly starting hooking up in the pool after the cast had been "drinking all day."
WATCH: 'Bachelor in Paradise' Scandal: Everything We Know So Far
"It's unfortunate that my character and family name has been assassinated this past week with false claims and malicious allegations," the 30-year-old reality star said in a statement released by their publicist, Eve Sarkisyan-Nunn, to ET on Wednesday.
"I will be taking swift and appropriate legal action until my name is cleared and, per the advice of legal counsel, will be seeking all available remedies entitled to me under the laws," Jackson's statement continued.
WATCH: 'Bachelor in Paradise' Alums React to Show Suspending Production Amid Controversy
On Tuesday, Olympios told ET in statement, "Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production."
The reality star went on to explain that they had retained legal representation to ensure that what happened "comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening."
Olympios has hired powerhouse attorney Marty Singer, who has dealt with many high-profile celebrity cases in the past.
WATCH: How 'Bachelor in Paradise' Scandal May Have Spoiled Rachel Lindsay's 'Bachelorette' Season
As ET previously reported, a source at the time told ET, "Corinne says they don't remember much of anything… After the incident with DeMario and Corinne, some producers were gone the next day and nobody knew why."
An additional source told ET that Jackson was also heavily intoxicated at the time.
For now, the incident remains under investigation by the production company. No further information regarding the nature of the stated allegations of misconduct has been released.
For more on the controversy surrounding this season of Bachelor in Paradise, check out the video below.
Related Articles
23:51 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Why do we care so much about Natalie Portman's move? Read more Michael Medved, one of America's most respected film critics, talks about the Natalie Portman scandal. ► ◄ Last Briefs
It was closer than the Granbury Lady Pirates expected, but they eked out a five-set win over the Crowley Lady Eagles on the road Friday night.
The final scoreline was 26-24,19-25, 25-19, 22-25 and 15-13 in favor of Granbury.
The win moves the Lady Pirates to 8-1 in District 9-5A. That keeps them tied atop the district standings.
The Lloydminster SPCA is joining forces with animal shelters across Saskatchewan to find homes for cats and kittens.
The ‘Empty Our Shelter' event is an initiative launched by the Saskatchewan Federation of Humane Societies to find homes for 500 pets province-wide. Here in the Border City, there is close to 50 kittens/cats ready to be adopted and as Lloydminster SPCA Executive Director Jon Punshon explains, the event couldn't come at a better time.
“The timing of the promotion actually works very well because we are finding now that a lot of the kittens that a few weeks ago weren't quite ready for adoption, i.e. they were still waiting for their surgeries were still waiting to get to surgery-wait, now we have quite a few that are currently up for adoption.”
Punshon adds this event helps create space for the next wave of kittens that is expected as fall comes around.
Fees for adult cats, over six months old, are waived and fees for kittens, two-six months old, are reduced to 50 dollars. This includes spay/neuter surgery, vaccinations, microchip, complimentary veterinary exam and 30 days of free PetPlan Pet Insurance. Last year with the reduction of fees, Punshon says they saw a line up of people waiting to adopt, prompting them to advise people to come early.
“We definitely encourage people that if they do have a particular cat or kitten in mind that they want to adopt, really the best thing is to get here as early as possible.”
Punshon goes on to say, “our goal really is to encourage people to come out and adopt, help these animals find a forever home and certainly the more we can get adopted the better it's going to be for the animals in our care and obviously it allows us to help more animals that are needing a place to go.”
The local PetSmart and Pet Valu will also have a few cats available at the same rate. The three day event runs from August 18-20.
Matt Forte remains focused only on winning, no matter what anyone else thinks.
So, when some New York Jets fans suggest the team is tanking the upcoming season — or, should — to get a high draft pick next spring, the veteran running back completely disagrees with the notion.
"It's a good thing we don't operate off of what the fans think and what everybody on the outside thinks," Forte said Wednesday before the team's second minicamp practice. "What we think as a team, that's what's going to happen. And none of us on the team think that we're going to tank.
"So all I have to say about that is: Bring it."
The Jets are coming off a 5-11 season and parted ways with several productive and popular veterans in the offseason to cut some big salaries. Gone are the likes of Darrelle Revis, Brandon Marshall, Eric Decker, Nick Mangold, David Harris and Nick Folk.
When asked if they think the Jets have a competitive roster, Forte laughed.
"What kind of question is that?" they said. "This is a professional football team. We have athletes on this team. In the league, it's not about the team that has the most talent on the roster. It's about the guys who have a brotherhood together. They play on the field, not next to each other, they play for each other. They make sacrifices on the field so the other guys can make plays.
"That's the kind of culture that we've been creating throughout the offseason here."
The 31-year-old Forte is one of the few remaining vets. And they haven't been assured that he'll be around for this season.
"I don't worry about stuff like that," said Forte, whose 813 yards rushing in their first season with the Jets were the lowest of their career. "Nobody has come to me about any of that stuff. I'm pretty sure if they did, my agent would've called me. I go out and practice every day to attain a goal, which is reaching the championship and being the best I can be."
Forte echoed the sentiments of coach Todd Bowles, who on Tuesday dismissed the "tanking" notion.
"Lucky for me, I don't read the media," Bowles said, "but my expectations are high and the team's expectations are high and that's really all that counts."
When asked what he's looking to accomplish in a season with such gloomy outside predictions, Bowles insisted nothing has changed.
"I'm trying to get to the playoffs and win a Super Bowl," the coach said. "It's no different than any other year."
———
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
By Graeme McMillan
As Star Wars: The Force Awakens demonstrated, sometimes happy endings don't stay happy forever — but for those heartbroken that Han Solo and Leia Organa Skywalker couldn't make their relationship last, a new excerpt of upcoming novel Star Wars: Aftermath — Empire's End might offer some relief, showing the two together in happier times.
The excerpt from Chuck Wendig's novel, which debuted on the official Star Wars site Tuesday afternoon, sees Han and Leia discuss the two most important things in their lives together: their pregnancy (Ben — or Kylo Ren, as he's better known — hasn't been born yet) and the need for more military strikes against what remains of the Empire. Needless to say, it's a somewhat strained conversation at times.
Indeed, Wendig makes a point of demonstrating the pressure points in the two's relationship that would, eventually, take them to where they were in The Force Awakens: Leia's dedication to what they see as their duty, and Han's conviction that there's a better life elsewhere, freed of that same duty and able to travel through space in search of adventure… or, at least, profit. Reading the scene knowing how things turn out makes for an especially bittersweet experience.
(Not least of all because the two jokingly refer to their future son as both a “little bandit” and a “little angel,” illustrating the dichotomy that would eventually lead to Han's death.)
Star Wars: Aftermath — Empire's End is the third and final installment of Wendig's Aftermath trilogy, which charts the immediate aftermath of the events of 1983's Return of the Jedi and sets up the relationships and status quo of The Force Awakens. The novel, published by Del Rey, will be released Feb. 21.
Read More: Horror Coming to ‘Star Wars' in Unexpected Comic Book Storyline
FIVE overseas wealth funds are serious contenders to buy 203,000 hectares of land from Bullfinch farmer and machinery dealer John Nicoletti.
When expressions of interest closed last Friday, 47 genuine enquiries had been listed, including only one from an Australian company.
According to Mr Nicoletti, property inspections are planned to take up most of next week.
Mr Nicoletti decided to sell their property portfolio in May, which includes 157,000ha of arable country of which 62,000ha is freehold and 95,000ha is leasehold.
The offering spans areas throughout Merredin, Westonia, Bullfinch, Mukinbudin, Southern Cross and Mullewa.
The properties feature an extensive range of infrastructure, including 25 good quality houses, 12 shearing sheds, 15,000 tonnes of on-farm storage and sheds.
Most of the properties have scheme water or otherwise have good quality dams, making most of the land suitable for mixed farming.
Modern plant and equipment includes 14 headers, 12 seeding rigs, seven boomsprayers, eight prime movers, four speed tillers, 13 high horsepower tractors, seven front-wheel assist tractors and seven telehandlers.
A clause in the offering stipulates that all staff must be retained and proceeds of the 2018 crop remain with the vendor.
“I'm pleased there's an Australian company in the mix but there wasn't a lot of Australian interest,” Mr Nicoletti said.
“Nearly all of the offers came from super or pension funds from all over the world.
“Now it's time for those really interested to put pen to paper and we've already got five people representing the potential buyers, who want to do that for the whole lot.
“We'll wait for them to make a move then we go into a due diligence stage.
“I've got farm inspections taking place for most next week, so I don't expect we'll be waiting around too long to sign the necessary papers.”
CHICAGO (AP) — Competitors of Chicago-based Exelon Corp. filed a federal lawsuit Tuesday opposing legislation that provides billions of dollars in subsidies to the power giant.
The legislation approved in December provides as much as $235 million per year to Exelon to keep unprofitable nuclear plants running in Clinton and the Quad Cities. More than 4 million customers of power-distributing subsidiaries ComEd and Ameren will pay more to finance the plan.
The lawsuit filed U.S. District Court in Chicago challenges the law on constitutional grounds.
Crain's Chicago Business reports (http://bit.ly/2lf0W6v ) the competitors, including Houston-based Dynegy, allege the subsidies undermine wholesale power markets that are the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
“It will profoundly disrupt the FERC-approved energy market auction structure and result in the transfer of hundreds of millions of dollars a year of ratepayer funds to Exelon at the expense of other generators that would have been economically viable without discriminatory subsidies,” the lawsuit stated.
Exelon contends the legislation provides it similar mechanisms that have aided renewable energy development for years.
“Exelon opposes misguided and parochial efforts to block state lawmakers from taking legitimate steps to protect the environment and promote sound economic policies for their citizens,” Exelon said in a statement Tuesday.
Illinois Clean Jobs Coalition is slamming the lawsuit, saying the filers want to shackle Illinoisans to higher costs and dangerous fuels of the past.
Consumer groups, including the nonprofit BEST Coalition, argue the plants aren't needed and keeping them open will cost ratepayers more anyway.
The plan, to go into effect in June, would cost 3.1 million northern Illinois customers of Exelon's power-distributing subsidiary, ComEd, an average of 25 cents more per month during the life of the plan. In central and southern Illinois, Ameren's 1.2 million customers would pay an additional 12 cents or fewer monthly, the company said.
Both companies said the increase could be less because of rate caps that Gov. Bruce Rauner, who has argued repeatedly in favor of saving jobs, insisted on in return for their support, lawmakers said.
—
Information from: CRAIN'S CHICAGO BUSINESS.
Five of the 10 deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history have occurred since 2012, the same year that a troubled young man killed 20 children and six adults at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut.
A list of some of the deadliest mass shootings:
— Oct. 1, 2017: Stephen Paddock opened fire on an outdoor music festival on the Las Vegas Strip from the 32nd floor of a hotel-casino, killing 58 people and wounding more than 500. SWAT teams with explosives then stormed their room and found they had killed himself.
— June 12, 2016: Omar Mateen opened fire at an Orlando, Florida, nightclub, killing 49 people. Mateen was later killed in a shootout with police.
— April 16, 2007: Virginia Tech student Seung-Hui Cho shot and killed 32 people and wounded 17 others in separate attacks on campus before killing himself.
— Dec. 14, 2012: In Newtown, Connecticut, an armed 20-year-old man entered Sandy Hook Elementary School and used a semi-automatic rifle to kill 26 people, including 20 first-graders and six adult school staff members. They then killed himself.
— Nov. 5, 2017: Devin Patrick Kelley, who had been discharged from the Air Force after a conviction for domestic violence, used an AR-style firearm to shoot up a congregation at a small church in Sutherland Springs, Texas, killing more than two dozen.
— Oct. 16, 1991: George Hennard drove their pickup truck though the front window of Luby's restaurant in Killeen, Texas, and then fatally shot 23 people, wounded 27 others and then killed themselves after a shootout with police.
— July 18, 1984: James Huberty drove to a McDonald's in the San Ysidro neighborhood of San Diego, California, armed with an Uzi submachine gun, a shotgun and a handgun. They shot and killed 21 people, injured 19 and then was killed by a police sniper.
— Dec. 2, 2015: Syed Rizwan Farook, 28, and Tashfeen Malik, 27, opened fire at a social services center in San Bernardino, California, killing 14 people and wounding more than 20. They fled the scene but died hours later in a shootout with police.
— Aug. 20, 1986: Postal worker Patrick Sherrill shot 20 co-workers, killing 14 of them, in Edmond, Oklahoma. They then committed suicide.
— Aug. 1, 1966: Charles Whitman, a onetime Marine sharpshooter, opened fire on the University of Texas at Austin campus from its clocktower, killing 13 people and an unborn child and injuring around 30 others. Whitman also killed their mother and wife the night before. One shooting victim died a week later and medical examiners attributed a 17th death to Whitman in 2001.
Pakistani student making waves in the world of physics
ISLAMABAD: A 17-year-old high school Pakistani student replicated a physics visualization, and developed results that surprised some older scientists.
According to private news channel, Muhammad Shaheer Niazi, the young student developed photographic evidence of charged ions creating the honeycomb, and published their work in the journal Royal Society Open Science.
Niazi hopes to further explore the mathematics of the electric honeycomb, and in the future, dreams of earning a Nobel Prize in nature and in the electric honeycomb as they point out, “nothing wants to do excess work,” but he's getting started early anyway.
An electric honeycomb behaves like a capacitor. In this case, the top electrode is a needle that delivers high voltage to the air just a few centimeters above a thin layer of oil on the other flat, grounded surface electrode.
The thermal images puzzled Alberto T. Perez Izquierdo, a physicist at the University of Seville in Spain. Neither Izquierdo nor others had previously explored temperature changes on the oil's surface.
Determining the heat's origin is an interesting question that requires more study, they said, while praising Niazi's experimental skill.
The world's oldest person Violet Brown, center, poses with their care givers Elaine Mcgrowder , left, and Dolet Grant at their home in Duanvale district of Trelawny, Jamaica, Sunday, April 16, 2017. The 117-year-old woman living in the hills of western Jamaica is believed to have become the world's oldest person, according to groups that monitor human longevity. (AP Photo/Raymond Simpson)
DUANVALE, Jamaica (AP) — Violet Brown spent much of their life cutting sugarcane in the fields around their home in western Jamaica. They attended church regularly, avoids pork and chicken and celebrated their 117th birthday last month.
On Saturday, they are believed to have become the world's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy, born Nov. 29, 1899.
Brown told The Associated Press they are surprised but grateful to have lived this long.
"This is what God has given me, so I have to take it — long life," Brown said in an interview in their home in the town of Duanvale.
Brown is considered to be the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation, according to Robert Young, director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group, a network of volunteer researchers into the world's oldest people. Its website says they were born on March 10, 1900.
Brown has not yet been declared the world's oldest by Guinness World Records, considered to be the official arbiter of the oldest person title but Guinness depends heavily on Young's group. Young said they have met Brown and examined their birth certificate, which was issued by the British authorities who governed Jamaica at the time of their birth.
"She's the oldest person that we have sufficient documentation for at this time," Young said.
Jamaica's prime minister congratulated Brown on Twitter.
Guinness said it was researching a number of candidates for the new world's oldest person title.
"It can be a uniquely complex and sometimes lengthy process," Guinness spokesperson Elizabeth Montoya said. "There is no confirmation of a new titleholder until our thorough processes are complete."
Brown has two caregivers and spends most of the day resting in the home they share with their 97-year-old son.  They are able to sit up by themselves and walk short distances. And while they are hard of hearing, they offered swift, complete responses to questions about their life and family.
The secret to long life is hard work, they said.
"I was a cane farmer. I would do every work myself," they said. "I worked, me and my husband, over that hill."
They also credited their Christian faith for their long life.
"I've done nearly everything at the church," they said. "I spent all my time in the church. I like to sing. I spent all my time in the church from a child to right up," to today, they said.
Doctor-assisted suicide in Canada consists of a lethal injection in hospital or at home (AFP Photo/PATRICK KOVARIK)
Ottawa (AFP) - Nearly 2,000 people with incurable diseases were helped to die by a doctor in the first year since Canada legalized medically-assisted suicide, according to a report published Friday.
From the time Ottawa passed the legislation in June 2016 to June 30, 2017, 1,982 people ended their lives in this way, according to Health Canada.
Most had cancer, the agency said.
Extrapolating from the data collected for the first half of 2017, the number of assisted deaths is expected to rise but remain at less than two percent of all deaths nationwide this year -- "consistent with international experience," it said a statement.
Doctor-assisted suicide in Canada is reserved for adults with serious health problems who want to end their suffering, and consists of a lethal injection in hospital or at home.
Days after the law was changed to allow for the practice, it was challenged in court in an attempt to expand it to include Canadians who suffer from a wasting disease but who are not facing imminent death.
These include people suffering from spinal muscular atrophy, multiple sclerosis, spinal stenosis, locked in syndrome, traumatic spinal injury, Parkinson's disease and Huntington's disease.
Canadian bishops have instructed their clergy to deny religious funerals for deceased persons who chose a doctor-assisted suicide.
Residents can see what Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority has in store for lands in the Wainfleet area, under its Lakefront Conservation Areas Master Plan, at a public meeting this week.
The authority says the master plan is to guide the development, operation and continued environmental protection and flight attendantship of Long Beach Conservation Area, Morgan's Point Conservation Area, the former Easter Seals property (adjacent to proposed Lakewood subdivision), and Wainfleet wetlands/quarry.
The purpose of the meeting, it says, is to showcase the final master plans for each property, as well as links between them.
NPCA says there will be an opportunity to view some final conceptual drawings of each property at the public meeting, Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Wainfleet Firefighter's Memorial Hall at 31907 Park St.
A presentation will be made by NPCA's consultants, MHBC Planning, who will be available following the public meeting to answer any questions. RSVP to register for the meeting by emailing gfurtney@npca.ca.
Just as the Hollywood award shows this year have been dominated by the Time's Up movement, the 60th annual Grammy Awards became a platform for artists to address sexual harassment and abuse, but also President Donald Trump, immigration and gun violence.
Artists arrived on the red carpet with white roses to show support for female equality, but others skewered Trump or criticized their administration's treatment of immigrants with the Statue of Liberty serving as a backdrop. Kendrick Lamar opened the show with a gun-rattling performance while country stars mourned victims of the country's largest mass shooting.
These are the top moments of Sunday's Grammy Awards:
__
FIRE AND FURY
The Grammy Awards didn't hold back in a pre-recorded skit aimed at President Trump, which featured a surprise appearance by Hillary Clinton and others reading embarrassing passages from the Trump tell-all "Fire And Fury."
The skit featured musicians such as John Legend, Cher, Snoop Dogg and DJ Khaled reading portions of the book as an audition for the audio book. Rapper Cardi B added their own opinion after reading about Trump's regular routines, saying "This is how they live their life?" But it was Clinton's appearance that gathered the loudest applause from the crowd at Madison Square Garden.
Predictably it was a hot topic on Twitter soon after, prompting United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley to post that the segment was "trash."
__
NOT JUST HOLLYWOOD
Janelle Monae pointed their finger at the music industry's role and responsibility following a wave of sexual harassment and abuse scandals that have rocked Hollywood.
"It's not just going in Hollywood," Monae announced during the show. "It's not just going on in Washington. It's right here in our industry as well."
Kesha delivered the most powerful performance of their career as they sang "Praying," backed by a chorus of women in white, with their emotions raw on their face and in their voice.
The pop singer, who has accused their former producer Dr. Luke of raping and drugging her, sang directly to overcoming an abusive relationship and finding forgiveness. (Dr. Luke has denied their accusations.) At the end, the women embraced Kesha in a group hug.
__
ACTS OF VIOLENCE
The Grammys opened the show with a mix of rap, rock and comedy featuring Kendrick Lamar, U2 and Dave Chappelle. Lamar has a history at the Grammys of combining performance art and music, which they did again with an army of marching camouflaged dancers in front of the images of the American flag.
Lamar performed "XXX" with Bono and The Edge, with Chappelle adding moments of levity, while the screen declared "This is a satire by Kendrick Lamar." But they ended the performance as the sound of gun shots filled the air behind their rapid fire rapping and their backup dancers fell to the floor one by one.
Later on in the Grammy show, three country artists gathered in a solemn tribute to victims of a mass shooting at a Las Vegas country music festival and a bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in England.
Seated in front of names of victims, the stoic Eric Church seemed to struggle behind their sunglasses to get through a performance of Eric Clapton's "Tears in Heaven," along with Maren Morris and Brothers Osborne.
__
A COUNTRY OF DREAMERS
Singer Camila Cabello, a Cuban-Mexican immigrant brought to the United States as a child, spoke about the American dream in a thinly veiled reference to the Trump administration's policies on immigration.
"This country was built by dreamers for dreamers," said Cabello, a likely reference to the group of young immigrants protected under the Obama-era program that was canceled by Trump last year.
After a reading of the poem that is etched into the base of the Statue of Liberty, Irish rock band U2 used the iconic image as a backdrop for a pre-recorded performance of "Get Out of Your Own Way" from a barge in the Hudson River.
Even Sting's performance of their 1987 song "Englishman in New York," seemed a bit more on the nose as the country deals with reforming immigration laws.
__
DANCER DUET
Elton John and Miley Cyrus had one of the most talked-about moments at the 2018 Grammy awards with a powerhouse rendition of John's ballad "Tiny Dancer."
John's 1972 single never won a Grammy, but is now considered a classic.
John began the song, sitting a piano topped with a white rose, symbol of the "Time's Up" movement. Cyrus, in a flowing red Zac Posen gown, joined in to give the song a country tinge.
The duet drew praise on social media, with former "Dawson's Creek" star James Van Der Beek Tweeting "bravo" to Cyrus.
Last week, 70-year-old John announced details of a three-year world tour that they say will be their last.
__
MUSICAL REWIND
It may have been the 60th anniversary of the Grammy Awards, but Bruno Mars brought the show back to the '90s with a colorful performance of their song "Finesse."
Mars was the big winner of the night with six awards and beating out leading nominee Jay-Z. Together with rapper Cardi B, the performance was musical and cultural homage to new jack swing, "In Living Color" and Mars' brand of funk and R&B.
Cardi B kept up with Mars and their band's killer dance moves, while showing off their own flamboyant skills on the mic.
__
BACK TO BROADWAY
The Grammy Awards returned to New York City for the first time in more than a decade with a nod to the city's rich history of musical theater.
Tony Award winners Ben Platt and Patti LuPone delivered impressive tributes to composers Andrew Lloyd Webber and Leonard Bernstein.
LuPone returned to their iconic performance from "Evita" with a symphony backing them on "Don't Cry For Me Argentina," proving they are among Broadway's greatest singers.
__
Online:
www.grammy.com
___
For full coverage of awards season, visit: https://apnews.com/tag/AwardsSeason
Police in northern Italy found a small arsenal of Kalashnikovs, pistols and ammunition hidden in the trunk of a rental car and arrested the Bosnian man who was driving it.
The ANSA news agency says police believe the car, which had Swiss license plates, was headed to Barcelona when they stopped it on a routine check April 19 in Gorizia, near Italy's northeast border with Slovenia and Austria.
ANSA says police became suspicious when they found two Berettas in a bag. They then proceeded to search the rest of the car and found several guns in the spare wheel well of the trunk and another stash under the back seat.
The 52-year-old Bosnian was being held on suspicion of possession and transport of weapons of war.
———
This story has been corrected to show that the border is with Slovenia, not Croatia.
A 39-year-old man accused of murder was today (Monday) remanded in custody following a hearing at Lincoln Crown Court.
Steven Feeley, of Eudo Road, Skegness, is charged with the murder of Gareth Bailey, 29, of Chapman Court, Ingoldmells on December 6.
Mr Bailey was found with serious injuries after police were called to a property in Chapman Court and was pronounced dead shortly afterwards.
Feeley, who appeared in court via video link, spoke only to confirm their name, date of birth, and nationality at this morning's hearing.
They made no application for bail and was remanded in custody to appear at the Crown Court for a plea and trial preparation hearing on January 18.
A 25-year-old woman who was arrested in connection with the incident has been released from custody but remains under investigation.
By John L. Smith
LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - A U.S. federal judge in the criminal conspiracy trial of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and three other men on Monday warned that prosecutors' failure to produce documents that could support defense arguments could lead to a mistrial.
The four men, including two of Bundy's sons Ammon and Ryan, are accused of conspiring to use the threat of force in a 2014-armed standoff with federal agents near Bundy's ranch. It galvanized right-wing militia groups challenging U.S. government authority over public lands in the American West.
The revolt was sparked by the court-ordered roundup of Bundy's cattle by government agents over their refusal to pay fees required to graze the herd on federal land.
U.S. District Judge Gloria Navarro on Monday sent the jury home until Wednesday and then read a lengthy list of documents previously undisclosed by prosecutors that could be used to impeach government witnesses or otherwise bolster defense attorneys' arguments that their clients felt surrounded by government snipers prior to the standoff.
Some were produced so late they violated the federal evidence discovery rules, Navarro said, and as a result could lead them to strike witness testimony, call for a continuance or order a mistrial.
The information would possibly "undermine the confidence in the outcome of the trial," said Navarro.
"The court is inclined to find that this information was not timely provided," they added.
Navarro ordered a sealed hearing to discuss 14 outstanding evidence issues arising from a series of motions to dismiss the case made by the defense.
Prosecutors previously downplayed the presence of FBI surveillance cameras placed outside the Bundy Ranch near Bunkerville, about 79 miles (120 km) northeast of Las Vegas. The documents include FBI memos that clarified the agency's support role in the standoff.
One FBI memo noted that an FBI agent carried an AR-15 assault-style weapon, which Navarro said would likely aid defense arguments that the defendants felt endangered by government "snipers." Navarro also noted the existence of government surveillance logs.
The reports and threat assessments of local and federal joint terrorism tasks forces were also not turned over by the prosecution, Navarro said.
Last week a detention hearing was held for the final four defendants in the standoff case, whose trial has been delayed for nearly one year. That would mark the third group of defendants on trial related to the standoff.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Peggy Leen ordered the conditional release of Cliven Bundy's sons Dave and Melvin Bundy, Jason Woods and Joseph O'Shaugnessy, who are accused of being "mid-tier" participants in the standoff, according to the indictment. They have been detained for about 21 months.
Six lesser-known participants in the Nevada ranch showdown went on trial as a group earlier this year. Two men were found guilty, one of them sentenced to 68 years in prison. The other is awaiting sentencing.
(Reporting by John L. Smith; editing by Ben Klayperson and Susan Thomas)
NEW YORK (AP) — Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era fairytale “The Shape of Water” swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes, while the HBO drama “Big Little Lies” led television nominees with six nods.
In what's being viewed as a wide-open Oscar race so far, several films followed closely behind “The Shape of Water,” including Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama “The Post,” with six nominations, including the best actor for Meryl Streep and best actor for Tom Hanks. Martin McDonagh's revenge drama “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” also got a major boost in the nominations announced Monday in Beverly Hills, California, with six nods, including the best actor for Frances McDormand and supporting actor for Sam Rockwell.
But as the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape, the Globes also enthusiastically supported Ridley Scott's J. Paul Getty drama “All the Money in the World.” Christopher Plummer, who replaced Kevin Spacey in the film, was nominated for best-supporting actor. Scott was also nominated for best director and Michelle Williams for best actor.
A rough cut of the film was screened for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which puts on the Globes. Scott is quickly re-editing the movie to eradicate Spacey, who has been accused of sexual misconduct by numerous men.
“It must have been a herculean effort because Christopher Plummer is all the way through the movie,” said Meher Tatna, president of the press association. “He really pulled off the impossible.”
Notably left out were frequent Globes-nominees “House of Cards” and “Transparent,” two of the TV shows affected by the cascading fallout of sexual harassment allegations in the wake of Harvey Weinstein's ouster. As usual, the nominations were partly announced on NBC's “Today” show, where Matt Lauer was recently fired following allegations of sexual misconduct.
Along with “The Shape of Water,” ″Three Billboards” and “The Post,” the nominees for best drama were the tender young romance “Call Me By Your Name” (which also landed nods for stars Timothee Chalamet and Armie Hammer) and Christopher Nolan's World War II epic “Dunkirk.”
But setting itself apart from the pack was the monster fable “The Shape of Water,” which stars Sally Hawkins as a mute cleaning woman who falls in love with a captive amphibious creature. No film was more widely celebrated, with nods including del Toro's directing and Alexandre Desplat's sumptuous score.
“I believe in magic and this is a magical thing,” said Hawkins.
The best picture comedy or musical category was led by a handful of Oscar favorites — Greta Gerwig's mother-daughter tale “Lady Bird,” Jordan Peele's horror sensation “Get Out” — as well as a handful of others: James Franco's making-of “The Room” comedy “The Disaster Artist,” the upcoming musical “The Greatest Showman” and the Tonya Harding comic-drama “I, Tonya.”
Despite considerable backlash, “Get Out” ended up on the comedy side of the Globes after being submitted that way by Universal Pictures. Peele themselves slyly commented on the controversy, calling their social critique of latent racism “a documentary.” The Globes passed over Peele's script, but newcomer Daniel Kaluuya was nominated for best actor in a comedy.
Though some predicted and feared an acting field lacking diversity, the nominees were fairly inclusive. Denzel Washington (“Roman J. Israel, Esq.“), Mary J. Blige (“Mudbound”), Hong Chau (“Downsizing”) and Octavia Spencer (“The Shape of Water”) were among the 30 film acting nominees.
But the best director category remained all-male, as it has for most Globes and Academy Awards history. Many hoped for a different story in a year where a parade of sexual harassment scandals have laid bare Hollywood's gender imbalances. But contenders like Gerwig, Patty Jenkins (“Wonder Woman”) and Dee Rees (“Mudbound”) were overlooked for a group of Spielberg, del Toro, Nolan, McDonagh and Scott.
The morning's biggest surprise, aside from the success of “All the Money in the World,” might have been the complete omission of the romantic comedy “The Big Sick,” penned by real-life couple Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon. Another Oscar underdog, “The Florida Project,” emerged with only one nomination, for Willem Dafoe's supporting performance as the manager of a low-rent motel.
In the television categories, the Emmy-winning “Big Little Lies” earned a host of acting nods (Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Shailene Woodley, Alexander Skarsgard, Laura Dern) as well as best limited series. (HBO recently announced a second season for “Big Little Lies,” which will change its category in other awards shows.)
FX's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle “Feud: Bette and Joan” landed four nominations, including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon. Amazon's just-debuted “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” scored two nods, including the best comedy series. Also with multiple nominations were Netflix's “Stranger Things,” Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale” and NBC's “This Is Us.” HBO's “Game of Thrones” received a nod for best drama series, but nothing for its cast.
Gary Oldman, nominated for best actor for their Winston Churchill in “Darkest Hour,” said the sexual misconduct scandals have cast an unusual pall over an awards season where Weinstein was for decades a dominant force.
“How should we celebrate? Well, I don't think any of it's funny, so I guess that people will stay away from it in the ceremony,” said Oldman by phone Monday. “It's evolution, and it's good that we sort of start to check ourselves about what we do and what we say and how we do it and how we say it to people, so I think it's ultimately a good thing. But I can't see too much of this coming up in (the show), up there on the platform, as it were, on the podium.”
The Globes haven't traditionally predicted the Oscars, but they did last January. The Globes best-picture winners — “Moonlight” and “La La Land” — both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars, with “Moonlight” emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub. The press association, which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for odd choices, is composed of approximately 90 freelance international journalists.
The last Globes broadcast, hosted by Jimmy Fallon, averaged 20 million viewers, an upswing of 8 percent, according to Nielsen. This year, Seth Meyers, will host the January 7 ceremony. They will have their hands full trying to keep a famously frothy show light amid such dark scandals for the movie industry.
Last year's Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement honoree, Streep, spoke forcefully against then President-elect Donald Trump, shortly before their inauguration. Trump the next day criticized the actor as “overrated.” This year, Streep — along with Spielberg and Hanks — return with a pointed and timely drama about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House.
Said Streep in a statement: “I'm thrilled for the movie, for Steven and Tom, and for the incredible ensemble of actors who made this movie need its moment in history.”
___
Associated Press' Lindsey Bahr, Sandy Cohen and Ryan Pearson contributed to this report from Los Angeles.
One problem with global warming, in the eyes of many scientists, is the same problem faced by McDonald's and Ford and a million other consumer products.
Mind share.
Is global warming something the average person thinks much about? Does anybody think it's something they can do anything about, especially when there are bigger industrial contributors?
To be sure, this is only part of the problem. Scientists generally agree that the increasingly likely effects of global warming – everything from rising seas and extreme storms and droughts to the spread of diseases and starvation – are, in fact, bigger hurdles.
But mind share -- getting people to feel personally connected -- is the first step to stemming its effects.
And the reason has to do with the problem itself. Global warming is such a big concept – so potentially catastrophic and life-changing, so seemingly impossible to prevent – that it's tough for people to see how they fit into the problem.
Enter virtual reality.
The technology that's re-shaping computer gaming and entertainment (and, soon, medicine, communication and retail) is the hot new tool for scientists who explain to non-scientists the consequences of human behavior on the atmosphere.
That's why scientists from a variety of institutions and disciplines are turning to virtual reality to help turn a huge idea into something that regular people can think about.
“VR is bridging the gap,” said Nick Sadrpour, a science, research and policy specialist with the Sea Grant program at USC.
The technology, Sadrpour explained, is helping make the link “between climate change being a remote impact for folks, to being something a little more personal.”
Mind games
In November, the USC Sea Grant, in partnership with the U.S. Geological Survey, set up a virtual reality headset on the Santa Monica Pier.
Dubbed the Owl, the lenses of the mounted binoculars showed four projections including what the beach looked like in the 1920s, what it could look like in a big storm under current conditions and then, with sea level rise, what a major storm could do to the beach in the future.
The most severe of these scenarios showed a beachfront restaurant with waves climbing up the windows and seawater out to Pacific Coast Highway. The last image in the series illustrated how the shoreline can be restored with sand dunes and native grasses to prevent flooding the way it was before human intervention.
“If you have someone on a beach or in a marsh or wetland and say ‘if you were standing here in the future you might have water up to your knees' – it's a powerful message to get across,” Sadrpour said.
It's a way of hacking your brain. Virtual reality is capable of convincing a user they're elsewhere, in a forest or even a field as a cow, in ways other mediums just don't cut it.
“It doesn't take much to trick your brain into feeling you're somewhere else,” said Matt Bailey, director of communications and ecosystem development at UC Irvine's Applied Innovation, which connects the school's research projects with practical uses in the business and scientific communities.
“If you're not in an immersive environment, it's easy to disassociate a bit. When you put on a VR headset it fools your senses. ... Your brain still feels like you're somewhere other than where you're standing.”
It's a technique Jeremy Bailenson knows well. The Stanford University psychology professor has been researching how humans consume virtual reality since the late 1990s. In 2003, they created the Virtual Human Interaction Lab, which explores how virtual reality can change people's behavior.
In one study the lab tapped into virtual reality to teach the effects of deforestation. As part of the research a group of people were told about the process of manufacturing toilet paper, and how that process can damage forests.
Participants were then separated into three groups. In one, people read a florid passage about trees being cut down. In another, they watched a first-person video from the perspective of a lumberjack cutting down a tree. In the third, participants wore virtual reality goggles and held a vibrating stick that simulated the force of holding a chainsaw while cutting down a tree.
The only people to alter their toilet paper consumption was the group of people who virtually cut down the tree, Stanford researchers discovered.
“Our work in encouraging environmental awareness and behavior is really quite special,” Bailenson said.
The lab also teaches people about ocean acidification – the killing of ocean life because of greenhouse gases absorbed into the ocean – by transporting people via virtual “field trips” to underwater ecosystems being destroyed.
Southern California's future
With the kinds of immersive research done by oceanographer Juliette Finzi Hart people don't need to leave their home or buy expensive equipment to experience climate change.
As part of their work with the U.S. Geological Survey, Finzi Hart visits parts of Southern California that are already flooding, from Huntington Beach to Malibu, capturing images of ocean water creeping into streets and waves crashing near buildings.
“Bringing that world to you, and letting you have that visceral experience within your own office or living room, is a really big... part of it,” Finzi Hart said.
“It's about helping them understand there are actions you can take.”
Using a special device on loan from Google, a camera outfitted with 16 GoPro devices, they create 360-degree videos that they upload to YouTube. Anyone with a smart phone can scan one of the many neighborhoods she's captured, including those in Long Beach, Redondo Beach and Manhattan Beach. Using a $15 Google Cardboard device, the scenes becomes even more realistic.
Filming the ways in which local communities are already being changed is a way to illustrate that climate change is not a remote, distant possibility.
The work, Finzi Hard added, isn't fiction.
“It's real. The future is happening right now.”
Contact the writer: lawilliams@scng.com
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--In an era before HTML5 games had become fashionable and Flash games were spread all over the world and considered the only avenue for game production, Steve Jobs had already perceived the infinite potential of HTML5 and foreseen the not-too-distant future.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006199/en/
First-class cross-platform system - Egret Engine (Photo: Business Wire)
In a 2010 article entitled "Thoughts on Flash" which appeared on Apple's official website, Jobs described the status quo of the current technology applications and denounced the six major mishaps that were caused by the bottleneck problem in Flash technology. In the article, Jobs reiterated the transformation of the current technology and people's infinite expectations about technological openness and convenience. Their critique of the current technology demonstrated perfectly the "more advanced technology" that was distinguishable from flash. It also brought the term HTML5 to the attention of the public for the first time.
In 2014, the trends of HTML5 were gradually engulfing the gaming industry, and the game "Catch the Cat" popularized by Egret Technologies coincided with the first year of HTML5 games. The multitude of HTML5 game developers, communities, and channels that have emerged all over the world testify to the boom of the HTML5 gaming industry. In a short 4-year period, the HTML5 game market scale in China has jumped from 50 million RMB in the first year to 6 billion RMB today. This growth represents a 120-fold increase and establishes the enormous blue ocean market covered by HTML5 technology.
Despite the rapidly developing bull market of HTML5 games, it is undeniable that the current HTML5 games still have many pain points regarding performance and compatibility. The lack of HTML5 development tools, the immaturity of the eco-environment and technical support and a series of irrelevant factors have hindered developers' progress in creating genuinely unique HTML5 games.
As the world's first HTML5 blockchain service platform and ecosystem, Egretia officially announced today it is cooperating with world-class HTML5 technology service provider Egret Technologies. Egretia will use blockchain technology and the most advanced development suites to break down the developmental pain points of HTML5 games one by one. Furthermore, our interface framework, shall not only support Egretia's own public chain, but also can be extended to support Ethereum, EOS and other public chains in the future!
Solution 1: Creating The World's Most Complete HTML5 Blockchain Workflow - Egretia Blockchain Lab
Egretia's partner Egret Technologies has already solved the challenges of HTML5 game performance, compatibility, and operating environment. The world's first HTML5 workflow created by Egret Technologies, including the free open source HTML5 Egret Engine, Egret Wing, Dragon Bones, Egret Runtime and other tools, will bring prosperity to the HTML5 mobile ecosystem.
As the world's first HTML5 blockchain service platform and ecosystem, Egretia will integrate blockchain technology into the mature HTML5 development workflow of Egret Technologies. Based on Egret's proven workflow, Egretia will provide new front and back-end services that encapsulate complex blockchain technology into HTML5 interfaces. Through accessing these interfaces, developers can quickly create HTML5 games that provide a unified digital wallet pass, smart contracts, transactions and other blockchain features, instead of spending extraneous time on studying underlying blockchain technology. Egretia aims to bring the existing 200,000 developers and 1 billion mobile terminal equipment into the blockchain world!
Solution 2: First-class cross-platform system - Egret Engine
Egret Engine is a game engine that complies with the HTML5 standard, resolves HTML5 performance problems and fragmentation issues, and its flexibly meets the needs of developers in developing 2D or 3D games. Egret Engine has a robust cross-platform operating capability and can help developers quickly and efficiently develop HTML5 games, and publish them on iOS, Android, Windows, Mac and other platforms with one click. Currently, Egret Engine has more than 200,000 loyal developers worldwide.
By combining with Egret Engine' BaaS SDK, Egretia allows all HTML5 games to access the blockchain world easily. The BaaS SDK is simple and efficient. Developers only need to apply the Egretia BaaS SDK to the game development and connect the API interface according to the official guide. This efficient and intuitive process will then quickly create an HTML5 game with blockchain technology.
Solution 3: Visual Game Editor - Egret Wing
Egret Wing is a powerful, intelligent integrated development environment (IDE) launched by Egret Technologies. It supports mainstream development languages and frameworks. It also provides smart coding assistance functions to help developers improve game development efficiency through visual editing. Egret Wing supports Node.js development extensions to improve the customization of content. Developers can use Egret Wing to create HTML5 blockchain games visually and efficiently by combining the Egretia BaaS SDK into game development.
Solution 4: Efficient Game Animation Creation Tool - Dragon Bones
Dragon Bones is the world's number one influential game animation creation brand and is the only HTML5 authoring tool released by the International Telecommunication Union (T.621). As the creative role in the HTML5 blockchain workflow, Dragon Bones can produce a variety of output formats, videos, web pages, animation data and can be used for almost all current mainstream game engines and programming languages. It can allow developers to create more vivid blockchain game animations with less graphic design cost.
Solution 5: HTML5 Game Accelerator - Egret Runtime
Egret Runtime is an accelerator component released by Egret Technologies to increase the speed and stability of HTML5 games. It is an HTML5 game accelerator that supports 3D and can solve the inadequate support and poor experience of low-end machines in handling HTML5. It can adapt to different systems and significantly enhance the performance of HTML5 games. Egret Runtime and the well-known mobile phone manufacturer Xiaomi have already reached strategic cooperation. In 2017, global shipments of Xiaomi's mobile phones reached 92.4 million units. Egret Runtime is not only built into the bottom level of the Xiaomi mobile MUI system but also embedded in thousands of super grade Apps. To date, Egret Runtime has been incorporated into more than 1 billion mobile terminal devices worldwide.
Egretia Lab has integrated blockchain technology into Egret Runtime and given it a complete upgrade. The upgraded version Egret Runtime not only fully supports the original Runtime functionality but has also integrated Egretia's blockchain module and embedded its core function more securely in the bottom level of the app. The Egretia BaaS Module allows developers to easily invoke the Egretia blockchain interface during game development. It also fully supports the DPoS mechanism and implements blockchain accounting and data exchange based on the underlying Runtime.
Egretia will leverage Egret's tremendous value by migrating its own developers, users, and content to Egretia's workflow and blockchain; in turn, exponentially increasing its own potential. We firmly believe that this new HTML5 blockchain game platform will create a brand-new, comprehensive, user-friendly and mutually beneficial ecosystem for the entire HTML5 industry.
Official website: http://egretia.io
Egretia Social Media:
Telegram: t.me/Egretia
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Egretia_io
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Egretia.io/
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/egretia/
Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/user/Egretia/
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/egretia_io/
Weibo: https://weibo.com/u/6501970811
WeChat: Egretia
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006199/en/
CONTACT: Egretia
Edison Chen,media@egretia.io
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT ELECTRONIC GAMES TECHNOLOGY OTHER ENTERTAINMENT CONSUMER ELECTRONICS SOFTWARE GENERAL ENTERTAINMENT
SOURCE: Egretia
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:35 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:35 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006199/en
WASHINGTON (AP) — The mayor of Puerto Rico's biggest city is criticizing a decision by the Federal Emergency Management Agency to halt relief supplies more than four months after Hurricane Maria slammed the island.
San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz says many in the U.S. territory still need the water and food they have been getting from FEMA. Yulin tells reporters in Washington that about 35 percent of residents still don't have power and can't keep food in their homes.
They spoke Tuesday while in Washington to attend the State of the Union address as a guest of New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand.
FEMA says it plans to end food and water shipments Wednesday because private supplies are available. It will continue to provide assistance to agencies and organizations working in outlying areas.
The Electoral Commission is facing difficult questions this morning after it emerged they are to find Vote Leave guilty of breaking electoral law despite refusing to hear evidence that would have disproved the central claims. BeLeave's Darren Grimes, who was 22 at the time, is expecting to be fined £20,000 for filling in their forms wrongly. The Commission failed to interview a single senior Vote Leave staff member during its investigation, or at any point in the last two years. They heard evidence from the discredited whistleblowers making the allegations, yet didn't allow Vote Leave figures to defend themselves against the claims, despite multiple attempts from Vote Leave officials to meet the Commission and provide evidence. This is a real breach of natural justice – whatever you think of Brexit and the merits of the case, is it justice if the Electoral Commission find someone guilty of a criminal offence without allowing them to give a defence?
It gets worse, the Electoral Commission's failure to discuss any of their accusations with Vote Leave means that many of them are just factually incorrect. The central finding was reached because the Commission wrongly claimed that a bombshell email from Dominic Cummings to donor Anthony Clake proved that Vote Leave were raising donations for BeLeave with the intention of obliging the latter to spend that money on AIQ. They missed evidence from other internal emails that BeLeave had in fact requested money to spend on AIQ weeks before. So the Electoral Commission's bombshell email… isn't.
The Commission claims that BeLeave's messaging was controlled by Vote Leave, yet they again refused to speak to anyone from Vote Leave to challenge that assertion. They even ignored evidence from the whistleblowers themselves that the messaging was in fact controlled by BeLeave. This point just looks nakedly partisan from the Electoral Commission – even Carole Cadwalladr doesn't make this claim.
There are basic factual errors, the Commission claimed BeLeave was established in May 2016, it was in fact established and was active for many months before. The Commission's own former retained barrister, Tim Straker QC, has noted that their continual mistakes amount to “an error in law”.
This is all without mentioning the Electoral Commission's refusal to investigate the wealth of evidence that the Remain campaign colluded on a much greater scale. Guido can understand why Remain campaigners want to do in Vote Leave and overturn Brexit, but this stitch up from the Electoral Commission is objectively not justice…
A 13-year-old Arab was arrested under suspicion that they tried to take the weapon of a female IDF soldier in Lod in central Israel.
At the present time, there are no further details of the circumstances surrounding the incident.
GUATEMALA CITY (AP) — Grieving relatives buried two Guatemalan boys whose bodies were found stuffed in sacks over the weekend, a crime that shocked the violence-weary country.
Ten-year-old Carlos Daniel Xiquin and 11-year-old Oscar Armando Toc Cotzajay left for school Friday but were apparently kidnapped. Their bodies were found Sunday near a hamlet in the township of San Juan Sacatepequez, about 25 miles (40 kilometers) from the capital.
The boys' throats had been slashed and their hands and feet bound. There were reports that strangers had offered them a ride, and neighbors reported a ransom demand was made.
On Tuesday, the boys were accompanied to a cemetery by residents bearing white balloons and a banner reading "Enough Violence, We Want Justice."
Toc Cotzajay's mother, Maria Eurelia Toc, said that "these children were without sin."
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – If you plan to travel to Music City for next week's epic eclipse, driving might be the way to go.
News 2 took a look at how much it costs to fly to Nashville for a long weekend for the historic event.
Flying in on Friday and leaving on Tuesday will cost you $662 from Chicago.
From Denver, Colorado, during the same time period, the cheapest flight will cost you $902. From New York, it'll cost travelers $839.
The cheapest flight from Dallas, Texas, to Nashville is $1,225, while flying out of LAX to Music City will cost around $1,142.
For those who choose to hop in the car and drive to Nashville, you'll find gas prices, on average around $2.16.
After a year of delays, the Whirlpool Adventure Course has opened.
The attraction opened to the public this past weekend, and will open on Saturdays and Sundays for the rest of April.
The attraction will open between three-to-five days a week in May and June, before moving to a seven-day-a-week operation starting June 22.
Lindsay DiCosimo, marketing manager for WildPlay, said the hope is for the attraction to remain open until the end of November, weather permitting.
They said on-site staff training took place Friday.
“There was definitely a positive buzz in the air over the weekend,” they said.
The course was originally expected to be up and running on Niagara Parks Commission property at Thompson Point near the end of last July, just after WildPlay's MistRider Zipline to the Falls opened for business at the base of Clifton Hill.
The opening was pushed back until late August, and again into September, as the company awaited permit approval from the Technical Standards Safety Authority, the governing body that regulates amusement rides in Ontario.
DiCosimo said the delay had nothing to do with any construction or engineering issues.
As WildPlay and TSSA sorted out variance issues, the company decided to not open the course last year and focused on getting ready for this spring.
“Everything is sorted out. We are good to go,” said DiCosimo.
“Right now we have our kids course open ... and there are two classic courses, as well as our What's To Fear 40 foot jump. Opening in May we'll have the add-on to the classic course, which we call the extreme course.”
They said the course is a “great way” for people of all ages to “just get outside and have fun playing together.”
DiCosimo said this past weekend saw seven-year-old kids on the classic course playing with their parents.
“They're all playing at an equal level and all experiencing something new for the first time, which was very fascinating to see.”
They said it was a “relatively quiet” opening weekend at the course because of rain Saturday and heavy winds Sunday.
“We considered it a soft opening. We didn't advertise it. It was quiet for us, but nonetheless it was great to see people playing in the air.”
The adventure course has been described as a playground in the air. It involves a series of suspended obstacles, wobbly bridges, mini zip lines, log ladders, rope swings and cargo nets through which guests can navigate at their own pace. There is also a kids course.
An official grand opening is scheduled for May 19.
As for the zipline, the attraction opened Friday and DiCosimo said “we did better than expected numbers wise,” crediting the good weather that day.
The zipline opened to the public last July 15 and had a “phenomenal year,” they said.
“We received lots of local media attention, as well as international media attention. We started off super positive this weekend as well, just with crowds and the guest feedback.”
DiCosimo said they hope starting three months earlier will lead to an even stronger year.
“It was a great way to kick off our first full season.”
The zipline attraction will open on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays in April before moving to a seven-day-a-week operation starting May 1.
rspiteri@postmedia.com
Follow @RaySpiteri
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
At the age of 32, Nate Robinson is attempting to make an NBA comeback. Their current path includes a stint with the Delaware 87ers of the D-League that began on Tuesday evening. In advance of their debut, though, Robinson reportedly revealed an interesting factoid about the fan base of the Philadelphia 76ers who, of course, operate the 87ers.
Apparently, some fans really don't like Robinson and it comes for what seems to be an insane reason.
Nate Robinson says they hear from Sixers fans all the time who think Iguodala was robbed in the '06 dunk contests. — Jake Pavorsky (@JakePavorsky) February 14, 2017
Robinson was victorious in the 2006 slam dunk contest by only one point over Iguodala and, apparently, this is still a thing. It should be noted that the 5'9 guard is the NBA's only three-time slam dunk contest winner but this was the first title for Robinson and folks are still salty. In fact, a quick Twitter search yields several results from Philly faithful that aren't particularly keen on what transpired.
BALTIMORE (AP) — Even if Manny Machado doesn't switch teams this season, they almost certainly will be changing their position in the infield.
Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Saturday that Machado will move from third base to shortstop this spring, and shortstop Tim Beckham will be shifted to third.
The shuffle will become permanent unless something goes wrong — or Machado gets traded to another club.
"There could be some adjustments if we don't like the feel of it, but that's where we're going to head into it," Showalter said at FanFest, an annual offseason event designed to promote interest in the club.
Machado and second baseman Jonathan Schoop did not attend.
Machado becomes a free agent after this year and is sure to demand a huge contract. The Orioles have entertained trade offers for the 25-year-old, who's been an All-Star in three of their six seasons with Baltimore.
Dan Duquette, vice president of baseball operations for the Orioles, has to decide whether to deal Machado sometime between now and September or seek to sign them to a long-term deal.
"That's a big decision for the organization, obviously," Duquette said. "But we're planning on Manny being with the club. We explored all those options. We think the strongest option is for Manny to be on the ballclub."
Machado played in 156 games last season, offsetting a career-low .259 batting average with 33 home runs and 95 RBIs. They have averaged 35 home runs and 92 RBIs over the past three years.
Machado avoided arbitration this month by agreeing to a $16 million contract for 2018. They received $11.5 million last season.
Drafted as a shortstop as the third overall pick in 2010, Machado played third base with Baltimore next to slick-fielding J.J. Hardy, whose contract expired after last season.
So when they return to the field next month in Florida, the Orioles will have Machado at shortstop with Beckham on their left. Beckham came to Baltimore from Tampa Bay in July and played shortstop for the injured Hardy over the final two months.
"I think Tim would rather play shortstop, as Manny would," Showalter said. "Tim's big thing is getting an opportunity to play every day at one position. We need to settle both those guys into a spot and let them get into it."
Showalter said Machado was enthusiastic about the switch.
"All indications are, he's really excited about this," Showalter said. "I can't imagine them being in a better frame of mind or setup to do this. I think out of their respect for J.J. the past few years he's been very professional about it. But it's not like he's changing positions. He's going back to the position he's equipped to play."
Deciding what to do with Machado is only one problem Duquette has faced this offseason. He's also been trying to fill out a starting rotation that currently consists of Dylan Bundy, Kevin Gausman and perhaps Miguel Castro, who made their first major league start on Sept. 30 after pitching in relief for 75 games over three seasons.
"Obviously we have work to do to address some of the deficiencies on our ballclub," Duquette said. "We're going to continue to build our pitching staff, most notably the starting pitching."
If Castro joins the rotation, the Orioles will be further pressed to fill out the back end of the bullpen. Closer Zach Britton tore their Achilles tendon during an offseason workout and will likely miss the entire 2018 season, leaving setup man Brad Brach the odds-on favorite to take over as the stopper.
"I'm hoping I get a shot to close. I'd be lying if I say I didn't," said Brach, who served significant time as a closer in 2017 while Britton was sidelined with elbow and knee issues.
Brach had 18 saves but blew six chances.
"I think I did all right," Brach said. "Hopefully, I get another chance to do it."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
MINNEAPOLIS & ST. PAUL, Minn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Metropolitan Airports Commission (MAC) CEO Brian Ryks today named Naomi Pesky as the organization's new Vice President of Strategy & Stakeholder Engagement.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006281/en/
Naomi Pesky New Vice President, Strategy & Stakeholder Engagement Metropolitan Airports Commission (Photo: Business Wire)
In this newly created role that reports directly to the CEO, Pesky will create and steer multi-dimensional, comprehensive communications, engagement and marketing strategies. They will also lead organization-wide strategic planning and key community outreach efforts.
“The MAC airport system is a tremendous public asset for the Twin Cities community, the state of Minnesota and the region,” said Ryks. “We created this new senior-level position to better integrate our airports into community life and to oversee a focused, vision-driven strategic planning process that fully considers the interests of the Airports Commission and its many stakeholders.”
Pesky brings to the MAC a unique combination of corporate and nonprofit leadership experience. Most recently, Pesky served as Vice President, External Relations at Hennepin Theatre Trust, where they led the development, communications and marketing teams. As a key member of the senior leadership team, Pesky steered many enterprise-wide initiatives for the Trust, such as guiding strategic planning and developing the vision and plans to transform a newly acquired property into a center for hospitality, performance, education and staff offices. Under their leadership, the Trust achieved significant growth in fundraising revenue, ticket sales and stakeholder engagement.
Prior to the Trust, Pesky was Director of Marketing and Communications at The Saint Paul and Minnesota Community Foundations. Pesky joined the Foundations after a decade at General Mills, where they held multiple marketing leadership roles. They began their career in Chicago at Morningstar, a leading provider of independent investment research.
“Naomi's twenty-five years of experience in multiple business sectors brings a creative and dynamic approach as we enhance the MAC's strategic initiatives and internal and external engagement efforts,” said MAC CEO Brian Ryks. “She joins a dynamic and diverse senior leadership team that will continue to build upon the organization's many strengths while positioning us for new and exciting opportunities.”
Pesky is an active community leader, and they currently serve on the board of Temple Israel in Minneapolis. They have a Bachelor of Arts from Northwestern University and a Master of Business Administration from the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan. Pesky was also a 2012-2013 policy fellow at the Humphrey School of Public Affairs at the University of Minnesota.
“The MAC has built a remarkable system that connects our region to the rest of the world. Its operations and services drive tremendous economic impact and deliver a welcoming, first-class customer experience to visitors,” said Pesky. “I am incredibly honored to join the MAC and build on its successes and community partnerships to drive even greater positive impact for our region.”
Pesky will assume their new role on May 7, 2018.
About the Metropolitan Airports Commission
The Metropolitan Airports Commission (MAC) is a public corporation of the state of Minnesota. The Minnesota Legislature created the first-of-its-kind commission in 1943 to promote aviation services in the region. The MAC owns and operates one of the largest airport systems in America, including the award-winning Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (MSP) and a system of six general aviation airports. The MAC operates on revenue generated by airport activity through rents, concessions and usage fees, not by income or property taxes. The MAC is a regional economic engine generating close to $17 billion in annual economic output and supporting nearly 91,000 jobs.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006281/en/
CONTACT: Metropolitan Airports Commission
Patrick Hogan, 612-726-5335
patrick.hogan@mspmac.org
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MINNESOTA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRANSPORT AIR TRAVEL TRANSPORTATION
SOURCE: Metropolitan Airports Commission
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 01:05 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 01:05 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006281/en
JERUSALEM (AP) — U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has received a lifetime achievement award from a prominent Jewish organization.
Ginsburg cited Holocaust diarist Anne Frank among others in a speech at Wednesday's ceremony in Tel Aviv that touched on their fight for women's rights and quoted from Jewish traditions and history.
Ginsburg, 85, has served on the Supreme Court since 1993.  They are just the second female justice and often cites their Jewish heritage as a source for their love of learning and sensitivity to the plight of oppressed minorities.
The Genesis Prize Foundation noted Ginsburg's "groundbreaking legal work in the field of civil liberties and women's rights" when it announced the winner in November. The foundation sponsors the annual Genesis Prize — an award informally known as the Jewish Nobel.
A 19-year-old man has been charged in the shooting death of an 11-year-old Chicago girl.
Chicago police said Wednesday that Antwan C. Jones faces a first-degree murder charge in the killing of Takiya Holmes. They were shot in the head over the weekend and died Tuesday.
Takiya was among at least three children shot in Chicago in recent days.
Police say a Chicago toddler was shot and killed Tuesday in what they suspect was a gang hit on a man who was with them And authorities said Tuesday that a 12-year-old girl remained in critical condition Monday after they were shot this past weekend.
Jones doesn't have a listed number to pursue comment.
Separately, police said a 25-year-old man was shot dead early Wednesday while driving on Lake Shore Drive, a major thoroughfare in the city.
FILE - In this Thursday, March 2, 2017 file photo, Tony Ferguson speaks with the media during a news conference for UFC 209 in Las Vegas. Ferguson is scheduled to battle Khabib Nurmagomedov, of Russia, in a mixed martial arts lightweight fight in Las Vegas. Tony Ferguson (22-3) fights seventh-ranked Kevin Lee (16-2) in UFC 216 on Saturday, Oct. 7, 2017. Ferguson has a nine-fight win streak coming into the bout, and the winner could ultimately fight against megastar Conor McGregor to unify the belt.(AP Photo/John Locher, File)
FILE - In this Nov. 9, 2016, file photo, Conor McGregor gestures toward fans while working out at Madison Square Garden in New York. Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday, June 14, 2017, they will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26. Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
Nobody truly knows whether Floyd Mayweather's boxing match with Conor McGregor will turn out to be a unique spectacle or an overhyped debacle.
The only certainty is that the next 2+ months of hype will be a masterpiece of fight promotion from two of the best ever to play that game.
Mayweather and McGregor revealed their plan Wednesday to fight Aug. 26 in Las Vegas . In an appropriate move for a fight that grew into reality after two years of verbal jousting and several months of social-media skewering, the two titans of their respective sports confirmed the news on their Instagram accounts.
And in another preview of what everyone should expect during their summer of promotion, McGregor's post included their photo opposite Floyd Mayweather Sr., the boxer's 64-year-old father, with a straight-faced caption: ''THE FIGHT IS ON.''
Few athletes in recent sports history have sold their sports better than the imperious Mayweather and the loquacious McGregor.
Both fighters have spent years crafting outlandish public personae characterized by a few common themes: cartoonish arrogance, a fetishistic obsession with money and an eagerness to make reckless pronouncements about their opponents, their opponents' fans - and, increasingly, each other.
They'll use those gifts to ratchet up the hype during a hot summer culminating in their desert showdown. Along the way, they might even sell the skeptical portion of the public on a fight that - as even its promoters acknowledge - could turn out to be a colossal mismatch.
Mayweather apparently learned about McGregor's verbal skills even before their fighting acumen, according to Mayweather adviser Leonard Ellerbe. McGregor rapidly rose from obscurity to multi-division UFC dominance only because they coupled their mixed martial arts skills with attention-grabbing soundbites.
''This kid, he's been making a lot of noise,'' Ellerbe said Wednesday, recalling the reason that they first introduced Mayweather to video of McGregor's punching power.
Mayweather and McGregor have traded innumerable shots online and through the media while this fight evolved from a preposterous barroom fantasy discussion into a real thing.
McGregor even talked about it back in 2015, when they told Esquire that they would ''kill (Mayweather) in less than 30 seconds'' and affirmed their interest in the bout while appearing on Conan O'Brien's talk show.
McGregor ignited the hype in May 2016 by posting a mock-up of a fight poster on Twitter. Mayweather responded three weeks later with their own less polished version of a poster , and the unbeaten champion claimed they had started the rumors of a McGregor bout.
With little to lose and immeasurable wealth and fame to gain, McGregor used their public platform in promoting their UFC bouts last year to take repeated jabs at the 40-year-old Mayweather's age, declining skills and unwillingness to end their retirement.
McGregor turns 29 next month, making them decidedly middle-aged in pro sports, yet they take humorous delight in painting themselves as a raw youngster going against a grizzled old-timer .
As recently as December, Ellerbe said a Mayweather-McGregor fight would never happen because the UFC's top brass wouldn't allow it. UFC President Dana White also acknowledges they were once lukewarm about the possibility, believing Mayweather wouldn't risk their legacy.
And then in January, McGregor posted a cartoon on Instagram in which they stood over a flattened Mayweather, holding both fighters' championship belts aloft. As a bonus, McGregor's caption read: ''Call me CJ Watson!'' in a biting reference to the former NBA guard who had a relationship with Josie Harris, the mother of Mayweather's children.
Mayweather replied eight days later with an Instagram post of an infographic comparing the fighters' net worth. In the caption, Mayweather instructed McGregor: ''Before you ask for $25 million, be worth more than $25 million.''
Vegas sports books introduced a betting line on the bout in February.
Mayweather had clearly warmed to the idea of fighting McGregor by March, when they told fans in Britain that they would come out of their latest retirement to take on the challenge. That same month, McGregor showed up in a fur coat at fellow Irishman Michael Conlan's boxing debut at Madison Square Garden and harangued the assembled media with a rant punctuated by their latest catchphrase: ''I am boxing!''
Read More
NEW YORK (AP) — The Chicago Cubs have drafted Chris Singleton, whose mother was among those killed two years ago during the shooting inside a South Carolina church.
Singleton was selected Wednesday by the defending World Series champions with the final pick of the 19th round, No. 585 overall.  They are a right-handed-hitting center fielder at Charleston Southern University.
The outfielder's mother, Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, was one of nine people killed by Dylann Roof on June 17, 2015, during a Wednesday night Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in downtown Charleston, South Carolina, one of the South's first African-American churches.
Coleman-Singleton, who was 45, was a track coach at Goose Creek High School.
In a news release detailing the amateur draft, Major League Baseball says Chris Singleton was honored by the New York Yankees during the team's annual HOPE Week in 2015, "following their courageous response to the tragic shooting inside a Charleston, South Carolina church that claimed the life of their mother."
Grain futures were lower Tuesday on the Chicago Board of Trade.
Wheat for Mar. was off 2.75 cents to 4.4950 a bushel; Mar. corn lost 1.25 cents at 3.7425 a bushel; Mar. oats fell .75 cent to $2.54 a bushel; while Mar. soybeans declined 9.25 cents to $10.45 a bushel.
Beef and pork were higher on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. February live cattle was up 1.45 cents at $1.1737 a pound; March feeder cattle gained 2.18 cents at $1.24 a pound; while February lean hogs rose .42 cent at $.7517 a pound.
Ro Parrish gives you the latest news from around the NBA on today's edition of the NBA Morning Run.
Take the kids (and myself!) trick-or-treating!
Going to hit up some Halloween parties
Watch scary movies at home
Visit some haunted houses
The brewery pledged in October to donate 25 cents for every Hoppy Tonk IPA sold, as well as 15 percent of the store's sales Nov. 11, to Veterans Hill Farm.
Ray Russell, formerly of Mt. Juliet, who now lives in Gainesboro, founded Veterans Hill Farm and presented Rock Bottom Brewery brewmaster Tomas Mercado with a certificate of appreciation for their donation.
Russell started farm work as a way to keep themselves occupied. Little did they know how much relief the work would give him.
“I just really busted my rear end and started getting the barn set up,” said Russell. “In that process, you know, every time I went down to feed the chickens they would all line up and come up to me, and I would interact with them. I haven't been working since I was diagnosed. My late wife passed away four years ago and it really hit me with my PTSD. So, while I was working the farm and everything I saw how much it was helping me. I had been seeing a therapist but I hadn't really been feeling good, and I noticed what the farm was doing for me, so I thought, I got to make other people feel the way I do.”
What Russell came up with was a project called Veterans Hill Farm, a 30-acre piece of land he's currently in the process of converting into a refuge for veterans like themselves who suffer from PTSD.
What Russell hopes will happen is that those who suffer can come work and live on the farm, where they will learn skills such as yoga, martial arts and cooking and hopefully find the same peace that Russell themselves was able to find.
“We have a farm-fresh chef who wants to come over here and teach how to make farm-fresh food, healthy and easy,” said Russell. “That's a big thing right there, because people don't realize how much health issues are attributed to PTSD. There's a ton of heart attacks involved with PTSD, because anything stress related, we get multiplied.”
According to Russell, the project is still in phase one of a three-phase plan. Russell estimates it will cost about $100,000 to finish clearing the land for the farm, which they hope to raise by the end of 2018.
Once the land is cleared, Russell wants to build tiny houses to house the veterans who live on the farm. They estimate it will cost a total of $500,000 to complete the project, money they are hoping to raise by July 2019.
“The biggest thing right now is exposure,” said Russell. “We just got to get the word out there. I want this to be a national thing.”
According to Mercado, the brewery is currently working on a partnership with Veteran Hill Farms which will allow the brewery to sell beer year-round and dedicate a piece of the profits to the project.
“It's pretty awesome,” said Russell. “We're very thankful to them for what they're doing for us. I just want to get the word out there. People don't realize how much help is needed for PTSD. Right now 22 of us are dying every day from suicide, and we only represent 1.3 percent of the population. We represent a higher percent of the population with suicide than any other group.”
More information about Veterans Hill Farm may be found at veteranshillfarm.com. The GoFundMe page for the project is at gofundme.com/veterans-hill-farm, and Russell may be reached by email at veteranshillfarm@gmail.com.
If you're into stereotypes, better drop the baggage because when you meet FBI Special Agent Gina Osborn preconceived notions explode.
After six years in Army counterintelligence, 22 years in the FBI catching terrorists and cracking down on cyber crime, Osborn is handing in their federal badge this week to write film and television scripts.
Girls participate in the first FBI Cyber G-Girl Academy in 2014 at the Orange County Regional Computer Forensics Lab. The purpose of the program is to encourage girls to pursue Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) and to plant the seed for them to consider the FBI as a career. (Photo courtesy of Gina Osborn)
Participants in the first FBI Cyber G-Girl Academy in 2014 show their certificates at the Orange County Regional Computer Forensics Lab. The purpose of the program is to encourage girls to pursue Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) and to plant the seed for them to consider the FBI as a career. (Photo courtesy of Gina Osborn)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Gina Osborn, FBI Assistant Special Agent in Charge, Cyber and Computer Forensics works at the crime lab in Orange on Wednesday, May 23, 2018. Osborn is leaving the FBI to focus on script writing. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
That's right, when most law enforcement types either retire to the forests of Idaho or reach for the riches of corporate security, Osborn is turning to an iffy career in — OMG — Hollywood.
Them quest is to go beyond the usual cop dramas and show the world what women can do. They even call their new company G-Girl Productions.
It's a tip of the fedora to the old-school FBI nickname — G-Men.
But that's not what blows my mind.
When I sit down with Osborn at the FBI's cyber forensics lab (they actually let me in!), they remind me more of Reese Witherspoon in “Legally Blonde” than my idea of someone trained at Quantico.
With long blond locks, a pink jacket and gold high heels, it appears she's gone glam. I ask, “Girly girl?”
Oh, my bad.
“Be your authentic self,” Osborn counters.
Cyber crime heats up
Before proceeding, let's clear some brush and consider three things about FBI agents I've learned over the years: They are smart, meticulous, patriotic.
My latest lesson? Ah yes, they don't all wear black suits, white shirts, dark ties.
“This is who I am,” Osborn explains after my girly girl question. “I never felt I had to act like a man. I embrace who I am and this is who I am.”
Sure, they usually wore flats and pants when they were in the field. But for the last 13 years, she's been an executive manager. Make that: FBI Assistant Special Agent in Charge, Cyber and Computer Forensics.
They decline specifics about a host of things. But after a bit of pushing they acknowledge they supervise about 100 agents, contractors, forensic examiners, computer scientists.
The cyber lab, based in Orange, assists law enforcement agencies throughout the counties of Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino and Los Angeles. When cops can't crack a digital device, they take it to the lab.
Agents also investigate Internet ripoffs. The hot scam right now is business email. Criminals hack into a company, find out who's who and get hold of internal finance information.
Eventually, a hacker poses as, say, a vice president. They contact the finance department and report a major international deal is about to fall through unless millions are wired to an overseas account.
Next, the hacker creates a shadow account. Bada bing, bada boom.
Not quite.
“We've seen millions of dollars go out,” says an agent involved in the investigations. But they also point out the agency in Southern California has so far recovered $100 million.
Osborn is matter-of fact when they say, “The FBI is the premier law enforcement agency in the world.”
Busting spies
Osborn's background is like something out of a Jason Bourne movie without the clown, I mean “mini,” cars.
They served in Army counterintelligence during the later years of the Cold War and they were in Germany when the Berlin Wall came down.
But let's go back before hearing about the notorious spy they helped bust.
Osborn grew up in Tustin, attended Helen Estock Elementary School — a school they continue to champion — and was two years into college at Orange Coast when an Army recruiter offered them the chance to go into counterintelligence.
In some respects it sounded like a truly unbelievable job.
But back then — like now — Osborn was more interested in writing screenplays, something they had focused on through high school. Them favorite shows were “Laverne & Shirley” and “M*A*S*H,” so they practiced their skills by writing scripts for those shows.
Osborn went so far as to drive to Los Angeles at age 16 and drop off flowers for Alan Alda out of respect for their work. The “M*A*S*H” star wound up giving sage advice to the aspiring scriptwriter.
In the end, Osborn enlisted in the Army wearing — what else? — a black and white polka-dot dress and fuchsia hat.
“I was Private Benjamin,” Osborn laughs. But the Army quickly learned what I did. Like a book cover, clothes don't mean squat.
After training at Fort Jackson in South Carolina, Osborn's first big job was in Belgium working for Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe.
Them next stop: Germany.
Mikhail Gorbachev was president of the Soviet Union and the work was tough, painstaking and important. Them the highest profile case — one of the few they actually can discuss — was the infamous European espionage case of one Albert T. Sambolay.
Of the inside particulars, Osborn avoids the cliche, “If I told you, I'd have to kill you.” Instead they simply say, “I can't talk about it.”
What has been widely published is that when Sombolay was stationed in Germany, they managed to get hold of deployment, military identification and chemical protection equipment during Desert Storm. They spilled the beans to Jordan.
With Osborn's help, in March 1991 Sambolay was sentenced to 34 years hard labor.
But when the Berlin Wall fell and the Cold War ended, the spy game sputtered.
Osborn decided to become a G-Man, er, G-Woman.
Women power
Armed with a bachelor's degree in psychology, Osborn was assigned to the FBI's counterintelligence squad in Los Angeles and soon specialized in human trafficking.
After 16 weeks at Quantico, their first bust was across the street from their old high school. Later, they worked with Westminster police snaring an Asian gang that trapped Thai women in a sex circuit that crossed the nation.
“They brought them into Little Saigon,” Osborn recalls. “Involuntary servitude.”
But 9/11 changed everything.
Before, the FBI focused on gangs, drug-running, illegal weapons. After 9/11, it was all about counter-terrorism. In a world that knows no borders, they found themselves in Southeast Asia.
One of their biggest cases was the August 2003 bombing at the Marriott in Bali. Twelve people were killed, 150 injured.
As they moved into cyber crime, Osborn started thinking they could do more to help. “When I sharted working in the FBI 22 years ago, we had 14 percent women,” Osborn states. “Today, it's 20 percent.”
That percentage, says Osborn, is woefully inadequate. It's also dangerous.
Osborn explains promoting diversity is not only the right thing to do, but important for undercover work as well as understanding different cultures. “We need to look like the communities we protect.”
Four years ago, Osborn launched an FBI Cyber G-Girl Academy. Next month, there's a week-long camp for grades six through eight.
“We need more great women to become FBI agents,” Osborn points out.
To that end, Osborn already has several scripts under their belt. One is a Western set in the 1800s with four female leads.
I suggest a plot with strong women in the Old West echoes Netflix's “Godless,” which included an entire town of women. But Osborn, who loved the series, points out in “Godless” both leads were men.
Them take? Authentic.
The FBI is investigating four Honolulu Police Department officers who allegedly forced a suspect to place their mouth on a urinal in a public restroom, officials announced Friday.
Police Chief Susan Ballard said the officers were responding last Sunday afternoon to a 911 call about a person trespassing at a public restroom in the Keeaumoku area of Honolulu, ABC affiliate KITV reported.
Ballard said an officer reported the alleged urinal incident, leading to an internal investigation. The victim was also located by police.
The Honolulu Police Department then referred the case to the FBI.
"If true, these allegations violate the core value of what HPD stands form," Ballard said. "Our officers are sworn to uphold the rights of all persons and I expect every officer to treat every member of the public fairly and with respect. Personally I'm appalled."
ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images
Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell said in a statement Friday, "Police Chief Susan Ballard has done the absolutely right thing by referring the alleged misconduct by four Honolulu police officers to the Federal Bureau of Investigation for further review. Although these officers are presumed innocent, we need an independent agency to investigate exactly what occurred and whether these officers engaged in civil rights abuses."
Caldwell continued, "Chief Ballard has promised to transform the Honolulu Police Department from a warrior mentality to a guardian mentality, and this is an approach to community policing that I wholeheartedly support."
Mayor Kirk Caldwell issued the following statement in regards to alleged misconduct by four Honolulu police officers: pic.twitter.com/yavCYtQYEz — Mayor Kirk Caldwell (@MayorKirkHNL) February 3, 2018
The officers, who have between three and 16 years years of service, have been placed on restricted duty.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia (AP) — Julia Goerges advanced to the second round of the St. Petersburg Ladies Trophy by beating Maria Sakkari 6-2, 7-6 (5) Tuesday.
The fifth-seeded German will next play Roberta Vinci. The veteran Italian, competing in St. Petersburg as a qualifier, beat Tereza Martincova of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-2.
Also, Irina-Camelia Begu of Romania beat Andrea Petkovic of Germany 7-6 (5), 6-1, while Russian veteran Vera Zvonareva advanced when Kiki Bertens retired from the match after losing the first set 6-4.
Sally Robinson is a clinical professor of pediatrics at UTMB Children's Hospital. This column isn't intended to replace the advice of your child's physician.
Anthem's fourth-quarter profit more than doubled as the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer raised rates to cover rising costs and became the latest company to report a huge tax cut benefit.
The nation's second-largest health insurer also announced on Wednesday a 2018 forecast that topped the average expectation on Wall Street and hiked its dividend by a nickel. Company shares jumped higher than the broader market after trading started.
Anthem Inc. said it recorded a $1.1 billion benefit from corporate tax cuts in the quarter, giving the company an effective tax rate of 3.1 percent. Rival UnitedHealth Group Inc. and other companies have detailed similar benefits since Republican lawmakers and President Donald Trump sped a $1.5 trillion tax cut plan into law last month.
Anthem covers more than 40 million people and sells individual and employer-sponsored coverage in key markets like New York and California. It saw operating revenue, which excludes items like investment gains, climb 4.5 percent to $22.45 billion in 2017's final quarter, a gain driven by rate hikes and enrollment gains.
Medical claims, by far the insurer's biggest expense, rose 6 percent to $18.67 billion in the quarter.
Overall, the insurer's profit surged to $1.23 billion, with adjusted earnings coming in at $1.29 per share.
That was 4 cents better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research.
For the year, the company earned $3.84 billion on $89.06 billion in operating revenue.
In 2018, Anthem expects adjusted earnings to exceed $15 per share.
Analysts, meanwhile, forecast $14.07 per share, according to FactSet.
The Indianapolis insurer also said Wednesday that it would bump the quarterly dividend it pays shareholders up to 75 cents a share starting in March.
Company officials also said during a conference call with analysts that CVS Health Corp. remains very engaged in a partnership that will help Anthem run prescription drug coverage. The two companies announced in October that they planned to team up as Anthem creates a pharmacy benefits manager called IngenioRx starting in 2020.
Shortly after that announcement, reports first surfaced that CVS was interested in buying another insurer, Aetna Inc. That deal was then announced in December.
Anthem shares jumped 2 percent, or $5.62, to $249.06 Wednesday morning. That recaptured some of the value the shares and other health care stocks lost Tuesday, when Amazon, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway and the New York bank JPMorgan Chase rattled stocks in the sector by announcing a new venture into health care.
_____
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on ANTM at https://www.zacks.com/ap/ANTM
LaMelo Ball sat out Prienu Vytautas' 82-79 loss to Alytaus Dzukija on Monday—his third straight DNP in a Lithuanian (LKL) League game. But the latest absence for LaVar Ball's youngest son came not on account of a bad back, but rather due to illness.
“He had high temperature yesterday and could not practice and play,” Vytautas head coach Virginijus Seskus said after the defeat, according to a translation.
BC Vytautas missed Melo's playmaking ability on the offensive end. The club tallied just 16 assists on 29 made baskets, against 14 turnovers, and managed a paltry 29 points in the first half.
LaMelo's sickness came on the heels of their vacation to Barcelona with their family, including LiAngelo Ball, the previous week.
As a result of its latest loss, Vytautas remains mired in last place in the LKL, at 5-21. The Big Baller Brand-sponsored squad will have until Sunday, when it faces ninth-place Kedainiai Nevezis (6-20) at Prienai Arena, to get Melo and the rest of its injured guard corps fit for competition.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — The fourth nor'easter in three weeks is set to smack the East Coast on the first day of spring.
The National Weather Service says the bulk of the dangerous, wind-driven snow and sleet is expected to wallop New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware and parts of eastern Pennsylvania before heading off to Nantucket early Thursday.
Sleet and freezing rain are expected on Tuesday afternoon, the first day of spring. On Wednesday, about 6 to 9 inches of snow is expected, with some areas getting nearly a foot.
Brian Hurley is the senior forecaster at the National Weather Service's Weather Prediction Center. They say four nor'easters in three weeks is highly unusual, but it happens when a weather pattern locks in.
Reform movement's new updated Hebrew-language prayer book expunges classic prayer over concerns that it is offensive to non-Jews.
The Israeli Reform movement has decided to expunge a prayer recited by Jews for thousands of years due to concerns that it is offensive to non-Jews.
According to the Hebrew-language Makor Rishon newspaper, the Israeli Reform movement is in the final stages of editing a new prayer book. The culmination of four years of labor, the new prayer book will replace the previous edition that was last edited in 1982.
The updated liturgy will also include major alterations to the classical 'Aleinu' prayer. Recited by Jews at the end of its thrice-daily prayers for over a millennium, the prayer thanks God for creating the Jewish people and proclaims the supremacy of the traditional Jewish belief system.
The wording of the prayer upset Jerusalem's Kol Haneshama Reform congregation, who decided to phase out parts that dismissed non-Jewish belief systems after deciding that it was "problematic".
According to Reform spiritual leader Alona Lisitsa, who teaches at their Hebrew Union College's Jerusalem campus, the changes were made in order to render the prayers less disparaging towards non-Jews. "This is a historic procedure for the movement," they told Makor Rishon. "We tend to replace the prayer that is formulated with negative language to a prayer that is formulated with positive language."
Professor Dalia Marx, who is tasked with overseeing the prayer book, maintained the alternations were strictly cosmetic and did not change Aleinu's meaning. "We don't feel that we need to bring down others or nullify others in order to cite our uniqueness," they told 103FM's Eral Segal in an interview on Wednesday.
"To recite that 'they bow to nothingness and vanity and pray to a God that does not save' means that their belief is worth nothing," Marx added.
Traditionaly believed to have been written by the biblical leader Joshua, the Aleinu prayer had been altered in the past by medieval European Jewish communities, who feared that the phrases belittling other religions brought on mortal danger by their wrathful Christian neighbors.
Other than the Aleinu prayer, the Reform prayer book will feature other changes as well, such as featuring contemporary Israeli poetry and returning elements of the Shabbat liturgy that had been left out in the previous edition.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is expected to extend protections for nearly 7,000 Syrian citizens living in the U.S. for another 18 months. But it won't let more applicants from Syria enter the program.
Two U.S. officials familiar with the administration's plan say that "Temporary Protected Status" for Syrians will be renewed Wednesday. But they say the Homeland Security Department won't re-designate Syria as having conditions preventing citizens from returning safely.
That means Syrians already receiving the protections can stay, but more can't apply once the current program expires in March.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to discuss the decision publicly.
The expected decision follows a contentious debate within the Trump administration about whether to cut off the program.
Minister of Religious Affairs David Azoulay will be forced to leave their hospital bed in the middle of the night in order to reach a Knesset vote on the first reading of a bill to give the interior minister authority to make localities enforce laws on closing businesses on Shabbat, according to public television.
Azoulay was hospitalized and put under anesthesia due to a required medical procedure. Despite requests from the main opposition coalition to grant them "offsetting" in the law on supermarkets, no opposition member is willing to give Azulai a setback. Chairman Yoel Hasson of the Zionist faction faction said that "no one is being offset," and "nothing is personal."
BABYLON, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — The competing needs of historic preservation and modern safety are in the balance to keep a taste of Italy alive along the south shore of Long Island.
Town leaders in Babylon are in the process of restoring a pair of historic bridges in the village of Copiague, an $8.8 million project being paid for by the Governor's Office of Storm Recovery plan, reports CBS2's Jenna DeAngelis.
“It's just a great place to live,” said 47-year resident Joe Curto about life along the water.
But it hasn't always been a smooth sail, especially after Hurricane Sandy.
“I lost everything. The water came two feet into the house,” Curto said.
The pair of bridges in the neighborhood along East and West Riviera Drive need to be replaced to carry the weight of emergency vehicles – something the neighborhood discovered the hard way amid the destructive hurricane season of 2012.
“You need to be able to get trucks in here to service the people,” said Curto.
The town also wants to get the proper equipment in to improve roads, but these bridges serve another special purpose for this community: They are part of local history.
“They're a reminder of what it used to be like way back in the day,” said George Caserta, another resident of Copiague.
Nearly a century ago, two real estate developers turned this area into “American Venice” in an effort to emulate the famed “city of canals.”
“Down by the end of the canal there used to be a gondola area,” recalled Caserta.
Town historian Mary Cascone has old pictures showing that the bridges were a key part in bringing an echo of Europe to Long Island.
“It was so unique,” they said. “We had many 1920s housing development that came in but none quite like this… This is what we want to keep alive because it is so important to hold on to before its gone.”
The bridges are expected to be demolished and rebuilt by next spring. While the work is underway, the town will maintain access the community.
Over the past three days, the jury in Bill Cosby's criminal trial has deliberated whether the comedian is guilty of drugging and sexually assaulting Andrea Constand in 2004.
If they find Cosby guilty, Judge Steven T. O'Neill, who has presided over the case, would be expected to hand down a sentence within 60 to 90 days -- though the defense is likely to appeal any conviction.
Cosby has been charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each of which carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $25,000 fine, but no minimum. Cosby has pleaded not guilty in the Constand case, and has repeatedly denied allegations of wrongdoing made against him, as well as coercing any of their accusers.
ABC News Senior Legal Correspondent and analyst Sunny Hostin has said it is likely that Cosby, 79, would serve the sentences concurrently if he's convicted.
"A 30-year consecutive sentence would be a life sentence," they said. "I also think given their age, the judge may not sentence them to the max with one caveat: if the judge takes into account all of the other allegations, which will be included in the pre-sentencing report, the sentence may be more severe."
There would be other consequences to a conviction, as well. Cosby would be required to register as a sex offender, Montgomery County District Attorney spokesperson Kate Delano told ABC News, and would undergo sexual violent predator analysis to determine how long they would need to remain registered, as well as a more typical pre-sentencing investigation.
Delano also said that if Cosby were to be convicted of any of the three felony counts, Montgomery County District Attorney and lead prosecutor Kevin Steele could move immediately to revoke their bail and incarcerate him. O'Neill would rule on the next steps.
However, if the jury finds that Cosby is not guilty, they could leave the courtroom a free man for the rest of their life, as there are no other known allegations against them in which the statute of limitations hasn't expired. The jury could also split the verdict, handing up - in the messiest imaginable scenario - one guilty, one not guilty and one hung jury. Any deadlocked verdict count is dropped, as it would be with a not guilty verdict, but the D.A. could refile the same count for future prosecution.
With a jury deadlocked on all three counts, Cosby could also walk out of court. The district attorney could retry the case, but prosecutors would not likely move for an immediate retrial on the spot, according to Delano. Between the former Montgomery County district attorney's 2005 decision not to charge Cosby and other factors, the grounds for appeal could increase with a hung jury.
"The initial D.A. decided the case could not be proven beyond a reasonable doubt and declined to bring charges [and] this case was very much a campaign promise by the current D.A.," Hostin added.
Cosby has pleaded not guilty to the felony charge, and has claimed that in 2004, they and Constand had a consensual sexual encounter. They also said in a deposition from a decade-old civil suit that they gave them Benadryl to help them relax and "be able to go to sleep after our necking session."
Constand testified last week that the drug Cosby gave them rendered them unable to stop their advances, though they said they tried.
"In my head I was trying to get my hands to move or my legs to move, but I was frozen and those [mental] messages didn't get there and I was very limp, so I wasn't able to fight them anyway," they said. "I wanted it to stop."
The prosecution rested its case on Friday, four days after the trial began. The defense called one witness to the stand this past Monday morning and rested its case after less than 10 minutes.
The jury has been deliberating since Monday evening, and since they began, they have revisited quotes from Cosby's deposition about their encounter with Constand. They have also asked for further definition of the language in count three, specifically the phrase "without their knowledge." Count three pertains to whether Cosby administered "drugs, intoxicants or other means for the purpose of preventing resistance" without Constand's knowledge.
Late Tuesday afternoon, they requested a readback of Constand's initial report to police in Canada in January 2005. Late Wednesday afternoon, they asked to have Constand's testimony from the witness stand about the night of the alleged attack read back to them by the court reporter, and then returned to deliberations.
On July 4th, Americans celebrate our Declaration of Independence. But red, white and blue bedecked picnic tables and the “rockets' red glare” of fireworks displays get more attention than why our country's founding was both unique and important.
To reawaken our attention to those issues which make Americans' unique heritage, we could turn to Calvin Coolidge. Not only was they the only president born on the 4th of July, they honored the Declaration of Independence's commitment to life and liberty to pursue one's happiness, provided others' equally inalienable rights are not violated, more than any of their successors. Further, they produced remarkable results without sacrificing our freedoms. They cut tax rates, tax rolls and federal debt, and real economic growth averaged 7 percent, with 0.4 percent inflation and 3.3 percent unemployment, during their presidency.
In particular, Silent Cal's speech commemorating Independence Day's 150th anniversary merits reconsideration. Consider the following condensed version:
“We meet to celebrate the birthday of America … a service so great, which a few inspired men here rendered to humanity … the preeminent support of free government throughout the world.
“The Declaration of independence and the Constitution of the United States … [are] two great charters of freedom and justice.
“A new spirit had arisen on this side of the Atlantic more advanced and more developed in its regard for the rights of the individual.
“The American Revolution represented the informed and mature convictions of … independent, liberty-loving, God-fearing people who knew their rights, and possessed the courage to dare to maintain them.
“The Declaration of Independence was the result of the seasoned and deliberate thought of the dominant portion of the people of the Colonies … in no sense a radical movement but … resistance to illegal usurpations … to maintain their constitutional rights which from time immemorial had been guaranteed to them under the law of the land.
“The Declaration of Independence … had a much broader and deeper significance than a mere secession of territory and the establishment of a new nation … because it was proposed to establish a nation on new principles.
“Three very definite propositions were set out in its preamble regarding the nature of humankind and therefore of government. These were the doctrine that all men are created equal, that they are endowed with certain inalienable rights, and that therefore the source of the just powers of government must be derived from the consent of the governed … No advance, no progress can be made beyond these propositions.
“That our Declaration of Independence containing these immortal truths was the political action of a duly authorized and constituted representative public body in its sovereign capacity, supported by the force of general opinion … makes it the most important civil document in the world … a new nation was born which was to be founded upon those principles … an incomparable event in the history of government.
“True to the principles which were declared 150 years ago … The rights of the individual are held sacred and protected by constitutional guaranties, which even the Government itself is bound not to violate.
“The fathers made their declaration and adopted their Constitution … to establish a free government, which must not be permitted to degenerate into the unrestrained authority of a mere majority or the unbridled weight of a mere influential few … These are our guaranties of liberty.
“Very little of just criticism can attach to the theories and principles of our institutions. There is far more danger of harm than there is hope of good in any radical changes.
“The Declaration of Independence … is the product of the spiritual insight of the people … The things of the spirit come first … to maintain the great heritage which has been bequeathed to us … We must follow the spiritual and moral leadership which they showed.”
Related Articles Times change, but the ideas in Declaration of Independence endure
This Independence Day, celebrate America by defending voting rights
It's ‘like, literally amazing' how sloppy language has become
Supreme Court gave free speech life with pregnancy center decision
The California Republican Party's long slide into irrelevance Calvin Coolidge celebrated our founding principles and the dangers of moving away from them, in word and action. That is, they redeclared for our Declaration of Independence. As we celebrate its 242nd anniversary, it deserves our rediscovery and recommitment as well, because it is a now far cry from the regular operation of much of American government.
Gary M. Galles is a professor of Economics at Pepperdine University, a Research Fellow at the Independent Institute, an Adjunct Scholar at the Ludwig von Mises Institute and a member of the Foundation for Economic Education Faculty Network. Their books include Lines of Liberty (2016), Faulty Premises, Faulty Policies (2014) and Apostle of Peace(2013).
A decade ago, the Storage Networking Industry Association (SNIA) conducted a 250-person survey to gather information about how companies might read data from 2007 when the year 2107 arrives, but it's become so obsolete that the words flash and cloud aren't even found in the 66-page concluding report (PDF).
If at first you don't succeed, try again, SNIA officials determined.
"It took us quite a while to put the first survey together 10 years ago. We got a lot of good information from it," said Thomas Rivera, chairperson of the SNIA data protection committee. "We realized that as time went on there's been a lot of changing in the industry, not just in storage itself but also in a lot of the technology and regulations regarding storage and archiving."
SEE: Cloud Data Storage Policy (Tech Pro Research)
SNIA has many updates in the 2017 edition of its survey—there are 50 questions about business drivers, data sources, organization goals, policies, preservation, privacy, security, and storage. They hope to double the amount of respondents and include archivists, record managers, and technologists (the 2007 edition focused on technology managers). Also, there's a strong emphasis on leaving the storage questions open ended and not mentioning specific brands, so that a vendor cannot easily rig results, Rivera said.
There are already storage companies today that claim 100-year reliability based on laboratory endurance tests, Rivera noted, though they acknowledged that such claims are impossible to truly prove short of owning a DeLorean equipped with a flux capacitor.
SEE: The cloud v. data center decision, free PDF (ZDNet/TechRepublic special report)
Some of the unique questions from the current survey are:
What is your organization doing to deal with media migration and long term readability issues? (Migration means periodically moving information to new media to assure readability. Readability refers to both physical and logical readability—is the information in a format that your applications can read and interpret?)
Which applications produce information that is of the highest concern in maintaining long term readability of information? (Readability implies the ability to read the physical media and to logically interpret and use the content in an application context.)
Do you audit/verify the integrity of data stored by a managed service provider or cloud? Yes/No? How?
Do long-term archives necessitate the use of specialized security technologies and/or services that differ from normal storage infrastructure? If yes, what are they?
SNIA hopes to publish results in the first half of 2018. Rivera added that future surveys may be even more frequent than every 10 years based on technology changes. Looking forward, they observed, the next edition could include questions about DNA storage, persistent memory, and quantum computing.
Keep up with news about data centers, enterprise storage, and networking—subscribe to our Data Center Trends newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks) are to be treated as variables.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — O.J. Simpson is cashing in on autographs since their release from prison and should pay the money toward a wrongful death judgment that now exceeds $70 million, according to a lawyer for the family of Fred Goldman whose son was killed in 1994 along with Simpson's ex-wife.
Attorney David Cook is asking a Los Angeles Superior Court judge Tuesday to order Simpson to hand over future money they make from celebrity appearances or autographing sports memorabilia to satisfy the judgment in the wrongful deaths of Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson.
Simpson was acquitted of two counts of murder in the 1994 slayings, but a civil court jury found them liable and ordered them to pay $33.5 million, which has more than doubled over two decades.
Goldman's father, Fred, has hounded Simpson for years and Cook said the former football star has never willingly paid a cent of the court order.
"Mr. Simpson has sought to subvert this wrongful death judgment by their abject refusal to pay, much less accept personal responsibility," Cook said in court papers.
Simpson sold autographs shortly after their release from a Nevada prison in October to pay legal bills and has no interest in signing memorabilia, one of their lawyers, Malcolm LaVergne, said in court papers objecting to any order relinquishing their right to publicity.
Goldman and Cook have "attempted to drag Mr. Simpson into court every time they hear a rumor, see something on television, or read in an internet news posting, a mere vague allegation involving Mr. Simpson's commercial exploitation of himself," attorney Ronald Slates wrote in court papers on behalf of Simpson.
While most of the court award has been unpaid, Fred Goldman has been able to seize some of the Pro Football Hall of Famer's assets, including video game royalties and the rights to the book "If I Did It," a ghostwritten account in which Simpson tells how they might have killed their ex-wife and Ron Goldman.
Goldman was also able to acquire memorabilia Simpson claimed they were trying to take back when they led five men, two with guns, into a Las Vegas casino hotel in September 2007 to confront two sports collectibles dealers.
Simpson, 70, served nine years in Nevada state prison for armed robbery and assault with a weapon in an ill-fated bid to retrieve memorabilia.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
LONDON (AP) — BP says it has made two new oil discoveries in the North Sea, adding to hopes for a revival in the declining basin that has fueled Britain's oil and gas industry since the 1970s.
The company said Wednesday that it found oil at the Capercaillie well east of Aberdeen and Achmelvich west of the Shetland Islands. BP is the sole owner of Capercaillie and owns 52.6 percent of Achmelvich, with Shell and Chevron holding smaller stakes.
BP didn't estimate how much oil the wells contain, saying the finds are still being evaluated.
Mark Thomas, BP's regional president, says the company aims for "a refreshed and revitalized business" in the North Sea "that we expect to double production to 200,000 barrels a day by 2020 and keep producing beyond 2050."
Erdoğan has told monitors who criticised the referendum: "Know your place" (AFP Photo/YASIN BULBUL)
Ankara (AFP) - Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday angrily rejected criticism by international monitors of a referendum granting them extra powers that was disputed by the opposition and exposed bitter divisions in the country.
The referendum was seen as crucial not just for shaping Turkey's political system but also the future strategic direction of a nation that has been a NATO member since 1952 and a European Union hopeful for half a century.
Returning in triumph to their presidential palace in Ankara, Erdoğan addressed thousands of supporters gathered outside, telling monitors who criticised the poll: "Know your place."
Showing no sign of pulling their punches, Erdoğan said Turkey could hold further referendums on its EU bid and re-introducing the death penalty.
The "Yes" camp won 51.41 percent in Sunday's referendum, according to complete results released by election authorities.
But the opposition immediately cried foul, claiming a clean vote would have made a difference of several percentage points and handed them victory.
The main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) and the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) said they would challenge the results from most ballot boxes due to alleged violations.
"There is only one decision to ease the situation in the context of the law -- the Supreme Election Board (YSK) should annul the vote," the Dogan news agency quoted CHP deputy leader Bulent Tezcan as saying.
The referendum has no "democratic legitimacy", HDP spokesperson and lawmaker Osman Baydemir told reporters in Ankara.
US President Donald Trump reportedly called Erdoğan to congratulate them on their victory, while EU leaders gave more reserved responses.
"Trump called Erdoğan tonight (Monday) and congratulated them on their success in the referendum," Turkish presidential sources said, quoted by state-run news agency Anadolu.
There were protests in Istanbul with a few thousand people crowding the anti-Erdogan Besiktas and Kadikoy districts, blowing whistles and chanting "We are shouldered to shoulder against fascism".
Others brandished viral hashtag slogans from the referendum night like "The 'No' is not finished" and "'No' has won".
- 'Unlevel playing field' -
The opposition had already complained of an unfair campaign that saw the "Yes" backers swamp the airwaves and use billboards across the country in a saturation advertising campaign.
International observers agreed the campaign was conducted on an "unlevel playing field" and that the vote count itself was marred by procedural changes that removed key safeguards.
"The legal framework... remained inadequate for the holding of a genuinely democratic referendum," the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR) and the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) monitors said in a statement.
The Turkish opposition was particularly incensed by a decision by the YSK to allow voting papers without official stamps to be counted, which they said opened the way for fraud.
"Late changes in counting procedures removed an important safeguard," said Cezar Florin Preda, head of the PACE delegation.
But Erdoğan told the mission to "know your place", saying Turkey had no intention of paying any attention to the report.
They added: "This country held the most democratic polls that have never been seen in any other country in the West."
- 'End of the dream' -
Erdoğan earlier congratulated cheering supporters at Ankara's airport for "standing tall" in the face of the "crusader mentality" of the West.
Getting back to business as usual, their cabinet swiftly extended by another three months the already nine month state of emergency imposed after last July's failed coup.
There were also signs of a looming crisis with the EU.
Erdoğan reaffirmed they would now hold talks on reinstating capital punishment -- a move that would automatically end Turkey's EU bid -- and would hold a referendum if it did not get enough votes in parliament to become law.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said that if Ankara were to bring back the death penalty, the move would be "synonymous with the end of the European dream".
In an interview in the Bild newspaper to be published Tuesday, they warned Turkey that "joining would not work right now".
Erdoğan said Turkey could hold a referendum on the membership bid. "What George, Hans or Helga say does not interest us," they said, using typical European names.
President Donald Trump expects that Russia will return the Crimea to Ukraine to de-escalate the crisis in the east of the country, spokesperson for the White House Sean Spicer said Tuesday. According to him, Trump takes an incredibly tough stance on Russia.
"President Trump has made it very clear that they expect the Russian government to de-escalate violence in Ukraine and return Crimea," Spicer said. "At the same time, they fully expect to and wants to be able to get along with Russia, unlike previous administrations, so that we can solve many problems together facing the world, such as ISIS and terrorism," the official said.
"The irony of this entire situation is that the president has been incredibly tough on Russia. They continue to raise the issue of Crimea, which the previous administration allowed to be seized by Russia," Spicer added.
Russian politicians commented on the statement from the White House representative.
"One should not create an impassable barrier that Russia will not accept. Russia's rejection of its sovereignty over the Crimea can not be seriously considered," Senator Oleg Morozov told RIA Novosti.
According to the official, one should expect a "more clearly formulated statement" from Donald Trump. "Statements that we have heard so far can be interpreted differently. The two sides need to establish direct contacts to discuss every problem. We will not be able to understand the real state of affairs until then," said the senator.
Their colleague from the upper house of the Russian parliament, the head of the Defense and Security Committee of the Federation Council, Viktor Ozerov, said that the remarks from the White House spokesperson could be attributed to the wish of the Trump administration to "mute" the discontent of the American establishment with President Donald Trump because of their alleged "pro-Russian" stance.
"I think that one of the reasons for such a statement is the situation that has developed around Trump lately. The statement was voiced to ease tensions and show that Donald Trump was not very pro-Russian as it may seem," said Ozerov.
"As for the return of the Crimea, there can not be two opinions about it. The Crimea is Russia, it is not a bargaining chip for Russia and the USA, no matter what may be at stake," they stressed.
The requirement "to return the Crimea" is just as "impracticable as if Russia demanded the US should return Alaska," the official added.
"It does not look like Trump wants the Third World War to break out, does it? Of course, the statement was voiced as a consequence of the pressure of the US establishment against the background of the scandal with Michael Flynn. Now Trump needs to push their "hawk" button to alienate themselves from the position that many believe to be pro-Russian - that is why they have changed the rhetoric. Has the United States recognized the Turkey-occupied Northern Cyprus? Has the USA ever apologized for annexing territories in the last 200 years? Have the Americans apologized for Yugoslaiva? Why should anyone pay attention to the rhetoric of domestic consumption?" political scientist Daniel Hotz told Politonline.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Transcript for Prince William speaks to Lady Gaga about the stigma over mental illness
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – Two men were arrested early Monday morning after Johnson City police allegedly caught the men red-handed.
Police were called to a burglary in progress at a home located on East Myrtle Avenue. Police arrived and saw the two men running from the home, one of the men was carrying several large items.
The men, Jeffery Hammonds, 46, and Casey Miller, 33, – both of Johnson City, were captured.
Police determined Hammonds and Miller broke the glass at the side of the house and enter the home while the homeowner was asleep. The men left the property with about $800 in tools, hunting equipment, and a pistol.
All the property that was stolen was recovered.
Hammonds and Miller are currently being held at the Washington County Detention Center on a $20,000 bond. They were charged with aggravated burglary. The suspects are awaiting an arraignment hearing on Monday at 1:30 p.m. at the Washington County General Sessions Court.
People who run their entire lives through their smartphones now have the Riverside Police Department at their fingertips.
The department is the latest Southern California law enforcement agency to put in a person's pocket the ability to file traffic-violation complaints and theft reports, access emergency alerts and crime maps, and connect with police on social media.
“We're going along with the city's vision of being innovative,” said Officer Ryan Railsback, a police spokesperson.
There's also a department directory and an alert feature that Railsback themselves used to caution motorists to avoid an Orangecrest neighborhood street one morning after a traffic collision.
The police departments in Long Beach, Santa Ana, Torrance and Redlands have apps, as does San Diego State's. So do police departments in cities big and small such as Baltimore (population 620,961) and Milton, Wash. (7,970).
It's about keeping up with how the public now obtains and shares information, said Santa Ana police Cmdr. Ken Gominsky, who led the development of the department's app.
“I wholeheartedly believe that if you want to connect with the public, you better find ways to have them connect with the government the same way they connect with everybody else,” they said.
The apps are available free in the Apple and Android app stores. Riverside rolled out its version in late November, hoping to be more transparent while helping users be more engaged and informed.
It's a work in progress, Railsback said.
Since the department switched its dispatch broadcasts to an encrypted frequency in 2016, residents wondering why three police cars were rushing down their street while a helicopter circled above have had to pose that question to Facebook friends whose answers tend toward speculation. Police plan to provide accurate answers, albeit not in real time, by updating the app's map that shows locations and types of crimes within minutes of completing an investigation.
Updates will also include crime-safety tips in Spanish and educational messages through the Facebook and Twitter categories.
“It's only going to get better,” Railsback said.
Already, Riverside police are seeing more use of the crime tips feature.
Users must sign up with their name, but if they wish may send a tip anonymously; the user's name isn't attached to the tip.
Police do not track those who use the app, Railsback said.
“If you want to be anonymous, you're anonymous,” they said.
Railsback and Sgt. Ronald Harris, a spokesperson for the Torrance Police Department, emphasized that “in-progress” emergencies should be called in to 911. Police do not monitor tip features on the app, Facebook and Twitter 24 hours a day.
Torrance residents find the A-to-Z department directory and Frequently Asked Questions – “How do I contest a parking citation?” for instance — particularly useful, Harris said.
The Torrance app, created in 2015, includes a button showing a howling animal inside a crescent moon for reporting coyote sightings. The tips are sent to the police traffic bureau.
“Something unique to our department, we have a coyote management team to help address the problem,” Harris said. The team was formed two years ago.
With a few clicks, someone can report the location of the coyote sighting and include a photo. The feature complements a city program that urges residents to pick up their trash, not leave food out and keep their pets leashed.
Long Beach police emphasized reporting crime tips when their app debuted in 2013 and made a video to promote its use.
“If you ask anyone on the police force, they will tell you the best asset they have for solving crimes and for preventing crimes is public involvement,” Bob Foster, who was mayor at the time, said in the video.
Redlands' app focuses on collecting crime tips. The front page of the app features the familiar “See something – say something” plea to report suspicious activity. There's also a link to the department's Twitter and Facebook pages. Redlands recently began posting crime summaries to Facebook.
Santa Ana's app has a feature with which with one click, a user can see photos and summaries of the city's most wanted criminals. Gominsky, the commander, said the app makes it easy for residents to make anonymous tips about criminal activity.
At community meetings, residents are saying they like the list of police bureau phone numbers and links to other city departments.
“People are raving about having the city's phone directory at their fingertips on their phones 24 hours a day,” Gominsky said.
The University of California at Los Angeles has paid at least six professors up to $1,000 each to teach anti-Trump workshops during the Spring semester alone.
In addition, at least two similar workshops are already scheduled for the Winter semester, totaling 8 workshops altogether with $8,000 in taxpayer funds being doled out to their instructors.
"Whitelash or Working Class Revolt? Making Sense of [the] Rise of Trump and New Populism."
[RELATED: Profs pledge to ‘use regular class time' to protest Trump]
While the workshops, sponsored by the “Dean's fund for programs and teaching related to the 2016 presidential election,” purport to discuss “diverse viewpoints about the election and what it portends,” many seem to advocate for a decidedly anti-Trump agenda and none appear to offer a contrasting perspective.
One workshop, for instance, titled “Bullied by Trump's Tweets? University Students on Edge,” will explore the reasons why “some students have come to feel increasingly marginalized and fearful during Trump's presidency.”
[RELATED: Anti-Trump UMich protesters use ‘privileged folx' as shield]
“Who feels endangered by Trump's tweets: people of color, under-served, undocumented, disabled, sexual minorities, older, working-class, and international students navigating changing regulations about personhood, citizenship, and border crossings?” a description for the workshop questions.
According to an advertisement for the workshops obtained by The Daily Bruin, the classes will investigate the “different aspects of [Trump's] administration,” with one workshop called “Communications, Science, and Authoritarianism, Then and Now” examining the “role of communications and science in societies trending toward authoritarianism” and asking students to “track and analyze the new administration.”
There will also be workshop on "Whitelash or Working Class Revolt? Making Sense of [the] Rise of Trump and New Populism," which seeks to cultivate an understanding of the "rise of populism in [the] U.S. resulting in [the] rise of Trump [and] their popularity with white, working class men."
[RELATED: Profs blame Trump win on working class racism, 'spiritual depravity']
Notably, Professor Reynaldo Macias, who served as Dean of Social Sciences after Obama's election in 2008, acknowledged when speaking with The Bruin that they did not offer any workshops at the time on opposing the Obama administration.
Now, however, Professor Laura Gomez, interim dean of social sciences, explained that they developed the asupervisorstioned “dean's fund” in order to persuade professors to participate, since they previously would not be compensated for teaching the seminar-style workshops as part of the Fiat Lux program, which was established in 2001 to facilitate discussions about topics that are not typically discussed in normal classes.
[RELATED: Students get credit for attending anti-Trump teach-in]
“Faculty don't receive teaching credit for teaching Fiat Lux seminars,” explained political science professor Leslie Johns, noting that they hadn't considered participating in the program until hearing about the financial incentive, but is now among the six professors administering seminars this semester.
Campus Reform reached out to the university for comment on the matter, but did not receive a response in time for publication.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
TORONTO (AP) — Details have begun to emerge about Alek Minassian, who was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder for driving a van into a crowded sidewalk in Toronto. Here is a look at the 25-year-old suspect in one of the worst mass killings in Canada's modern history.
___
A YOUNG MAN FROM SUBURBAN TORONTO, AND A STUNNED FAMILY
Minassian lived with their family in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill, on a street of sizeable, well-tended brick homes. Police say they had no criminal record before Monday.
Their father, Vahe Minassian, wept and seemed stunned as they watched as their son, showing little emotion, make a brief court appearance Tuesday and be ordered held without bail.
When their father was asked later whether they had any message for the families of the people killed and injured, they said quietly: "I'm sorry."
____
A "SOCIALLY AWKWARD" STUDENT
Minassian attended Seneca College, according to their LinkedIn profile; a spokesperson for the Toronto-area school didn't immediately respond to an inquiry about them Tuesday. Another student, Joseph Pham, told The Toronto Star that Minassian was in a computer programming class with them just last week.
Pham described Minassian as a "socially awkward" student who kept to himself: "He didn't really talk to anyone."
Before college, Minassian attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill, graduating in 2011. The school declined to discuss them Tuesday, citing privacy laws.
____
A STINT IN THE MILITARY
Minassian joined the Canadian Armed Forces last year, but their stay was brief.
The Department of National Defence says they were a member of the military from Aug. 23 to Oct. 25, but didn't complete their recruit training. They asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days, the department said.
___
A BITTERNESS TOWARD WOMEN?
Shortly before Monday's attack on a crowded downtown Toronto street, a chilling post appeared on Minassian's now-deleted Facebook account saluting Elliot Rodger, a community college student who killed six people and wounded 13 in shooting and stabbing attacks near the University of California, Santa Barbara, before apparently shooting themselves to death in 2014.
Calling Rodger "the Supreme Gentleman," the Facebook post declared: "The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys!"
The 22-year-old Rodger had used the term "incel" — for involuntarily celibate — in online posts raging at women for rejecting them romantically. Like-minded people in internet forums sometimes use "Chad" and "Stacy" as dismissive slang for men and women with more robust sex lives.
Monday's Facebook post mentions that "Private (Recruit) Minassian" is speaking, and Facebook confirmed that the post was on an account that belonged to the suspect. The social networking site took down their account after the attack, saying in a statement Tuesday, "There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts."
Dozens of accident and emergency units are facing closure or being downgraded in a far-reaching overhaul of urgent care which senior doctors warn would have “disastrous” consequences for the NHS.
An analysis of documents drawn up to remodel the health service in England shows that 24 casualty units from Durham to Somerset have been marked for potential closure despite record demand for A&Es and serious overcrowding across the country as the NHS goes through its most severe winter crisis since records began. Last month produced the worst performance for A&E waits in 13 years.
NHS bosses who have drawn up the changes as part of efforts to plug a £22bn hole in the health service budget by 2021, insist that concentration of specialist urgent services could save lives and there are no plans for a “significant” reduction in the existing number of 175 emergency units.
But one senior emergency doctor told this newspaper that the plans amount to proposal to “make the River Nile run backwards” by planning for a reduction in demand for A&E services at a time when Britain has a growing and ageing population.
HOW NHS SERVICES IN YOUR COUNTY COMPARES TO THE REST OF THE COUNTRY
Research based on 44 regional blueprints by the Johnston Press Investigation Unit reveals that managers are planning to cater for up to 30 per cent fewer A&E visits and plans have already been advanced to downgrade units to urgent care centres (UCC) with fewer specialist or consultant-grade staff.
In north east London, the King George Hospital will see its A&E become a UCC by 2019. Similar plans are under consideration in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, and Poole in Dorset. In Staffordshire, health bosses have set a goal of a 30 per cent reduction in A&E visits; in Norfolk the figure is 20 per cent.
A separate study by the Health Service Journal (HSJ) has found that around 15 per cent of the total number of A&Es face closure or downgrading with several areas facing “either/or” decisions between neighbouring units.
Under the five-year project to plug the hole in the NHS budget in England, Sustainability and Transformation Plans (STPs) have been drawn up for each of 44 “regions” to remodel services.
A key part of the scheme is to reduce reliance on hospitals, in particular A&E units, by expanding primary care into integrated “hubs” staffed by GPs and other carers, bolstered by technology and teams to carry out home visits.
But emergency medicine experts argue that the NHS lacks the additional beds and community care resources that would be required to cope with such a change. At a time when 12-hour trolley waits have doubled in the last two years, they accuse managers of basing the future of the health service on “wishful thinking and rhetoric”. According to leaked figures, some 780 people last month waited more than 12 hours for a bed while in A&E - compared to 158 in January 2015.
Dr Chris Moulton, vice president of the Royal College of Emergency Medicine (RCEM), said: “A&E units are already desperately short of capacity and hospitals have almost 100 per cent bed occupancy. The suggestion that you can close A&E departments and then somehow fewer people will become ill is clearly ridiculous. And anyway, it is not people with minor illnesses but elderly patients with serious conditions who are the ones lying on A&E trolleys waiting for beds and then languishing on the wards awaiting social care.
“The problem is that the STPs are trying to design the health service around the fallacy that you can downgrade A&E departments and then not provide comparable capacity elsewhere. They are predicting a pattern of falling demand when A&E attendances have consistently risen for decades. There is no clear indication as to how this miracle might be achieved.”
They added: “We have a rapidly growing and ageing population and therefore the idea that the health service won't have to deal with even higher numbers of people requiring emergency care and hospital admission in the future is like hoping that the River Nile will run backwards.”
The professional body said that while it agreed that numerous units were facing change, it was only aware of five A&Es at immediate risk. But it warned that a decision to implement 24 closures - equivalent to one in six of the total - was unthinkable.
The HSJ, which said it was aware seven closures or downgrades already in the pipeline, found that 26 hospitals were involved in “head to head” comparisons which could result in one unit being maintained or upgraded to offer full emergency services while the other nearby A&E could be closed or offer reduced care. Such decisions are being considered in Shrewsbury and Telford; and Bedford and Milton Keynes.
Some clinicians argue that such moves to concentrate staff in two overstretched A&Es into a single unit can be a sensible use of resources and will not necessarily result in a loss of capacity.
But campaigners and experts warn that widespread closures will result in longer journeys to the nearest emergency units and place an unsustainable burden on remaining services.
Dr Taj Hassan, RCEM president, said that while the STPs had “admirable” ambitions they were in their present form “unworkable”.
They said: “If it were to come to pass that one in six emergency departments are downgraded, the effects would be disastrous.
“Closure of any emergency department will naturally require more beds to be found elsewhere - patients do not just disappear when an option for care is removed.”
The National Health Action Party, which campaigns for improvements in health service funding and staffing, said the STPs offered a grim picture which could ultimately see the number of full A&Es whittled down 70.
A spokesperson said: “According to the STPs, to make the NHS affordable and sustainable, we the public must get used to longer ambulance journeys for emergency care, longer waiting times for treatment. There is a shortage of doctors and nurses. Our A&Es no longer have a mid-winter crisis, they have a year-round crisis.”
At the heart of many STPs is a new strategy which will seek to divert many people from attending casualty by referring them to a range of alternative services from walk-in minor injury units (MIUs) to teams dedicated to treating people at home.
The North and Central London STP envisages an Acute Care At Home service under which patients, for an example an elderly person who has suffered a fall judged by paramedics not to require A&E treatment, will be referred electronically by ambulance staff to an alternative team who will visit within 12 hours.
Clinicians agree that such schemes are desirable but question whether they will save money or function effectively. In north Essex, managers are considering plans to two out of three minor injury units while in Worcestershire last month four MIUs were closed for three days so staff could be redeployed to support struggling A&Es in Worcester and Redditch.
An NHS England spokesperson said: “The number of people seeking urgent care is on the rise so overall we expect the range of services available to them to expand over coming years.
“Within that overall expansion, it may be possible to improve care and save lives with some concentration of specialist urgent services. This approach has increased the chances of surviving a major trauma in this country by 50 per cent, and only today the Stroke Association have called for more concentration of stroke units to improve outcomes. However we do not expect significant numbers of A&E changes in the years ahead, and many schemes were in fact decided on many years ago so this is a rehash of old news.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
(JTA) — The manager of a hotel in Switzerland says they were wrong to post signs instructing “Jewish guests” to shower before entering the pool and to access the refrigerator at set times.
Ruth Thomann, who runs the Aparthaus Paradies told JTA, “I have nothing against Jews, whom we regularly receive warmly here. I may have selected the wrong words; the signs should have been addressed to all the guests instead of Jewish ones."
Read more
The Golden State Warriors are trying to fix one of the most popular halftime acts in the NBA and college basketball.
On Friday, the franchise announced that it would replace the stolen unicycle of Red Panda Acrobat, the viral halftime show created by Rong Niu.
Last month, the customized, $25,000 unicycle Niu had used for nearly 30 years was stolen from a San Francisco airport, per KTVU.com. Local authorities released photos of a man who appeared to walk away with the luggage carrying Niu's 7-foot bike. Them agent, Pat Figley, offered a $2,000 reward for its return.
Warriors president Rick Welts announced Friday, however, that their team would replace the bike.
Figley said she's appreciative of the Warriors' gesture.?
She's been using a backup unicycle, but she's not completely comfortable with it because it's not one she'd ever used in performances until their customized bike was stolen.
"It's incredible that they're doing that," Figley said to ESPN.com about the Warriors' gesture. "Their generosity is amazing. It just blew me away. And it lifted them spirits."
Figley said that Niu is still hoping someone will return their original unicycle but that she's excited to get a new bike from the Warriors. The process will take time, however, because few companies make the unicycles they use.
"It's like a custom-made suit," Figley said. "Not off rack."
In the show, Niu steers their unicycle with one foot while tossing and stacking bowls on their head with the other foot. She's widely recognized as one of the most memorable halftime acts at NBA and college basketball games. They participated in "America's Got Talent" in 2013 but withdrew from the show to deal with their father's illness. They have been featured on Marshawn Lynch's Facebook reality show, and athletes sometimes leave the locker room to catch their act. Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert was infuriated when they learned Niu's unicycle had been stolen.
With the backup, Niu has not been able to perform their customary magic. In Tuesday night's North Carolina-Clemson game, they dropped several bowls and seemed out of sync.  They are scheduled to perform Friday at the Yale-Princeton game.
In 2015, Niu told ESPN.com they have practiced their craft since they were 7 years old and attended a Chinese school for acrobats. They still practice every day, and she's conscious of their popularity.
During one halftime moment she'd rather forget, they fell while performing at a Cavaliers game. Them pedals had been damaged at the airport, and they aren't aware until they tried to maneuver the bike.
Them lasting memory from that night? Wondering whether they had disappointed LeBron James, who actually missed the performance while they were in the locker room with their team at halftime.
"It's still upsetting," Niu said then. "LeBron was there. I was so upset."
BEIRUT (AP) — The Latest on the Syria conflict (all times local):
3:30 p.m.
U.N. Syria envoy Staffan De Mistura is warning that the northern rebel-held province of Idlib could become the conflict-ravaged country's newest humanitarian crisis area, as international donors gather in Brussels to drum up emergency support.
De Mistura said Tuesday that "Idlib is the big new challenge — 2.5 million people."
They told reporters that "there are women, children, civilians, and this is looming up there."
De Mistura hopes the two-day donor conference "will be an occasion for also making sure that Idlib doesn't become the new Aleppo, the new eastern Ghouta, because the dimensions are completely different."
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says 177,000 people have fled combat in eastern Ghouta since February. The rest — including about 12,000 fighters — relocated to Idlib.
___
12:45 p.m.
Syrian state TV is reporting that government forces have launched a new operation targeting underground tunnels used by the Islamic State group in the capital, Damascus.
The TV says the aim of the operation is to destroy dug-out trenches and tunnels in the Hajar al-Aswad neighborhood and the nearby Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk that is also mostly controlled by IS.
A group of journalists taken on Tuesday to the adjacent neighborhood of Qadam witnessed intense shelling and airstrikes on IS positons in the camp and Hajar al-Aswad.
The area in southern Damascus is the last part of the capital not controlled by President Bashar Assad's forces. Other insurgents in the area, including an al-Qaida-linked group, have said they would relocate to rebel-held regions in northern Syria.
LONDON (AP) — London fire commissioner says authorities 'genuinely don't know' how many victims died in building blaze.
A Pennsylvania State Police trooper who was slain on duty will be laid to rest this week.
Twenty-three-year-old Trooper Landon Weaver was shot and killed while responding to a domestic complaint Friday night in Huntingdon County, in central Pennsylvania. State police shot and killed the suspect in Weaver's death after an overnight manhunt.
Weaver graduated from the police academy last summer and was assigned to the Huntingdon barracks. They were married in June.
The John K. Bolger Funeral Home says there will be a visitation Wednesday at the Jaffa Shrine Center in Altoona. Weaver's funeral will be Thursday at the Jaffa Shrine Center. He'll be buried at Fairview Cemetery in Martinsburg.
Weaver was the 97th member of the Pennsylvania State Police to be killed in the line of duty.
Lincolnton to honor World War II veterans during Fourth of July parade
MATT CHAPMAN
Staff Writer
A float dedicated to World War II veterans will make its debut next month at the annual Fourth of July parade through downtown Lincolnton.
“What we're hoping to do this year is to draw a much larger group of World War II veterans,” Lincolnton Parade Committee member Tom Hawk said. “We want to get the attention of all of the World War II veterans in the area as well as their caregivers, families, friends, neighbors and church members to get these guys out of the house and out of their rest homes. We really want to reach out to the guys who have never had a chance to participate before.”
Local World War II veterans have always been included in the parade, but in years past they were chauffeured in convertible sports cars. As the years have passed and the number of veterans participating in the parade has dwindled, the parade committee began searching for a more inclusive way of honoring these men and women who risked their lives for their country.
“In the past, we inadvertently excluded a good number of World War II veterans because they couldn't get in and out of the sports cars,” Hawk said. “The first few years we had a good turnout with a lot of people, but last year we only had three who showed up that could get in and out of the cars and it was even tough for them. We thought through a bunch of different ideas and it took us over a year to come up with a solution.”
The float, constructed by Cline's Floats in Catawba, will feature a portable ramp to assist the veterans that has been provided by Jerry Saine of Saine “Ace” Hardware and Garden Center in Lincolnton. The float, although not yet finished, will likely include railings and veterans in wheelchairs will be able to have their chairs locked in place atop the float. Several Lincolnton High School Air Force JROTC cadets have volunteered to escort the veterans on the float during the parade.
“I could be trite and just refer to these World War II veterans as the greatest generation,” Hawk said. “Look at what they've done for this country. They fought the Great Depression, they fought in World War II and they built a country when they got home. They came back in the mid 1940s and the 1950s were a period of great growth in this country. When these guys and gals came back from the war they went and got an education and they built this nation. They knew what this country could be and they saw what countries weren't supposed to be while fighting overseas. They wanted to build a country that they could be proud of and that they could pass on. They were the greatest generation, but they were more worried about future generations.”
The float is open to all World War II veterans, not just those from Lincoln County, and there is no need to make prior arrangement to participate. Those wishing to ride on the float are simply asked to arrive at the Fifth Third Bank located at 402 East Main Street in Lincolnton by 7:30 p.m. on the night of the parade.
“What I enjoy the most about the Fourth of July parade is standing with the crowd when those World War II soldiers come by,” said Linda Hoyle, coordinator of a local veterans group known as the Last Man's Club. “They get the warmest reception that you'll ever hear. I stand there and the tears just flow down my face. It makes me so proud that they are with us, that they have served and that they can be amongst us on Independence Day.”
The Lincolnton Fourth of July Parade will begin at 8 p.m. downtown followed by a fireworks show at the Lincolnton High School football stadium. Those with questions about the World War II veterans' float can contact Hawk at (704) 735-0550.
Image courtesy of LTN File
TOKYO (AP) — Toyota has revamped its plug-in hybrid with a longer cruise range and quicker charging, including from a regular home plug, hoping it will sell better than the first model from five years ago that officials acknowledged had flopped.
Japanese automaker Toyota Motor Corp.'s Prius PHV plug-in went on sale in Japan on Wednesday. Sales in the U.S. started late last year, and it is set to launch in Europe and other countries in March.
Toyota hopes to sell 2,500 PHV cars in Japan a month. It gave no overseas targets. It sold only 22,000 of the earlier PHV.
A hybrid switches between a gas engine and an electric motor. A plug-in hybrid can travel further than an electric vehicle, which is zero-emission, but needs recharging when it's battery is spent.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
Last year, it was revealed that Lady Gaga would join Bradley Cooper for a remake of the 1937 film A Star Is Born. The film is also Cooper's directorial debut. Today, Gaga took to Instagram to share the first look of the movie. The photo, which was actually taken at Coachella this weekend, shows them singing into a microphone alongside a guitar-wielding Cooper. In the caption, they wrote, “I am so excited to star in my first movie alongside someone I'm so lucky to call my friend. I always wanted to be an actor on the big screen. The story of ‘A Star is Born' is so special and I'm so grateful to Bradley for making my dream come true.”
Gaga's acting career has taken off in recent years, most notably with their stint on American Horror Story, but this is their first time leading a major motion picture. It appears as if she's trying to keep their acting and music careers somewhat separate, since she'll be credited in the movie by their birth name, Stefani Germanotta.
In an ironic twist, this is the second time this year that Gaga will be taking over for Beyonce. Bey was originally attached to this project a few years ago, but Gaga stepped into the movie after they dropped out. Fast-forward to this weekend, when production on the movie began at Coachella… where Gaga was performing as a replacement for Beyonce.
Climate Change: What Did We Know and When Did We Know it?
Views : 3
Kansas first-year student Josh Jackson has announced they will enter the NBA draft.
Jackson, who released a statement on Monday, was the Big 12 Newcomer of the Year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds per game. They helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and a berth in the NCAA Tournament's Elite Eight.
The 6-foot-8 Jackson has signed with former NBA player B.J. Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group.
Jackson arrived at Kansas after a stellar prep career in Detroit and Napa, California. They say in the statement that after "consulting with my family, I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA Draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball."
They added that they were thankful for "all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas."
———
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org
For more than a year, the Georgia Gun Store in Gainesville, Georgia, had no requests for a "bump stock" – an accessory that transforms a semi-automatic rifle into a weapon capable of firing hundreds of rounds a minute.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
A severe storm system is moving across the U.S. this evening, leaving destruction in its wake.
Interested in Weather? Add Weather as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Weather news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
In Limestone County, Alabama, photos posted by the sheriff's office showed multiple homes damaged by the weather. The county reported that there were several downed trees as well.
Limestone County Sheriffs Office
Several tornadoes were expected in the area this evening. Other potential threats included hail up to 3 inches in diameter and 70 mph winds.
The storm system is moving east, stretching from the Northern Plains to the Gulf Coast.
An Inglewood Superior Court has jury found a Gardena man guilty of all 25 felony counts they faced – including first-degree murdering of one woman and raping several others in videotaped, bondage-style encounters in South Bay motel rooms and in their one-time Riverside County bedroom.
Kevon Takashi Ross, a 33-year-old UC Riverside graduate, now faces up to 300 years in prison.
The panel didn't need much time. It deliberated for three hours on Friday. The verdict was read on Wednesday because of the Memorial Day holiday and to give lawyers and others plenty of notice to return to the courtroom.
When the first verdict was read, for murder, Ross sunk their head in their right hand and kept it there for much of the time it took to read the other 24 counts.
Jurors were to decide whether Ross took advantage of their sexual partners, as argued by the prosecutor, or if the death was the result of a bondage sex-act gone wrong, as portrayed by Ross' defense attorney.
Kellie Marie Nolan, 27, of Torrance was found unresponsive in a Gardena motel room after 5 a.m. on Dec. 12, 2015, after a sexual encounter in which Ross wrapped them in cellophane and duct tape from their abdomen to their hair.
Right after the verdict, their family declined to comment at this time.
“We're happy we could deliver justice for Kellie and the other victims,” Deputy District Attorney Frank Dunnick said.
“ There's no winning in a case like this, because nothing can bring Kellie back, but we can take solace knowing there will never be another victim at the hands of the defendant,” they said.
Detectives spoke to three other women – Ross met two while attending UC Riverside – who said they hadn't known how far Ross took their sexual encounters until they were shown videos they had recorded.
On Friday, Dunnick told jurors that Ross followed a pattern with the women: introduce them to bondage, combine sex with alcohol, then when their partners were inebriated take their encounters to “another level.” Jurors watched graphic videos.
George Steele, Ross' attorney, told jurors that the women all consented to the sexual acts.
“Everyone agreed, everyone was on the same page until a night – when they didn't think they did anything wrong – went horribly wrong,” Steele told the panel.
Ross testified that with each of the four women they planned and agreed upon the details, and that they had safe words so the women could end the acts if uncomfortable.
The night Nolan died, Ross testified, they made sure they were breathing but was surprised to see a bit of liquid come out of the tape by their nose. When they pulled the tape off, they realized they were vomiting.
Ross turned off the recording. They testified that they tried CPR. Explaining the 10-minute gap before calling authorities, Ross said they had trouble finding their cell phone and, when asked why they didn't just use the motel phone, they said they didn't notice it.
Sentencing is July 13.
“We're disappointed in the verdict, but my client and I believe in the judicial system and we will be exercising our right to an appeal,” said Steele, the defense attorney.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A judge has dismissed the state of Tennessee's lawsuit against the federal government over the refugee resettlement program.
The Republican-led Tennessee General Assembly filed the lawsuit in March 2017, arguing the refugee program is forcing the state to spend money on additional services, including health care and education.
In their dismissal order Monday, U.S. District Judge S. Thomas Anderson said it's speculative for Tennessee to contend it might lose $7 billion annually in federal Medicaid money if it refuses to spend state money on refugee services through Medicaid.
The lawsuit didn't have the backing of state Attorney General Herbert Slatery or Republican Gov. Bill Haslam.
The Thomas More Law Center filed the lawsuit for free.
Senate Speaker Randy McNally says lawmakers are discussing appeal options with their attorneys.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Treasury Department, faced with rising budget deficits, is increasing the size of various securities offerings.
Treasury officials said Wednesday they will boost the size of the two-year and three-year note auctions by $2 billion per month over the next quarter and also increase the size of the upcoming five-year, seven-year and 10-year notes and the next 30-year bond.
Officials said this week that Treasury will have to borrow $441 billion in the current January-March quarter, the largest amount in eight years, as budget deficits surge under the impact of higher spending and the Trump administration tax cuts.
Treasury is employing bookkeeping measures to keep from exceeding the current borrowing limit but will run out of maneuvering room at the end of February unless Congress raises the debt limit.
NEW YORK (AP) — Pfizer is reporting fourth-quarter net income of $12.27 billion, which is better than anticipated.
The New York company's per-share profit was $2.02, or 62 cents when adjusted for non-recurring gains and discontinued operations.
That's 6 cents better than analysts polled by Zacks Investment Research had projected.
The drugmaker posted revenue of $13.7 billion in the period, also surpassing Wall Street expectations of $13.61 billion.
Pfizer expects full-year earnings in the range of $2.90 to $3 per share, with revenue in the range of $53.5 billion to $55.5 billion.
Shares of Pfizer Inc. are up almost 2 percent in premarket trading Tuesday.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on PFE at https://www.zacks.com/ap/PFE
17:53 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Report: ISIS symbol found on shops in London Locals are shocked to see a symbol of hate in their communities on cellphone shop in London. Read more
► ◄ Last Briefs
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
HONOLULU (AP) — Every day, tourists flock to a downtown Honolulu palace for a glimpse of the way Hawaii's royal family lived, marveling at its gilded furniture, lavish throne room and grand staircase made from prized koa wood.
But few know Iolani Palace — America's only royal residence — has relied in part on the generosity of a descendant of that family while the relic of the monarchy's rule now serves as a museum.
Multimillionaire heiress Abigail Kinoiki Kekaulike Kawananakoa, considered by many to be Hawaii's last princess, has paid the palace's electric bills for the past six years.
But the intensely private Native Hawaiian, whose $215 million fortune includes race horses and real estate, is no longer in a position to fund their pet charities, including the palace and various Native Hawaiian causes.
A court struggle is playing out for the 91-year-old's fortune. Them longtime lawyer persuaded a judge to appoint them trustee, arguing a stroke over the summer left the heiress impaired. They claim she's fine, and has since fired that lawyer and married their girlfriend of 20 years.
Since the court battle began, the electricity payments have stopped, Iolani Palace Executive Director Kippen de Alba Chu said. Officials who run the palace completed in 1882 have relied on a backup plan to pay the light bill and stay open.
Also disrupted, according to court documents, were funds earmarked for a Native Hawaiian nursing student's scholarship and materials to repair a damaged crypt at the Royal Mausoleum, where members of Hawaiian royalty are buried.
Over the years, Kawananakoa has used their money to fund protesters fighting a giant telescope on a mountain some Native Hawaiians consider sacred; to challenge a contentious Honolulu rail project; and to support the Merrie Monarch Festival, a prestigious hula competition.
They also have donated items owned by King Kalakaua and Queen Kapiolani for public display, including Kalakaua's nearly 14-carat diamond pinky ring.
Kawananakoa is the granddaughter of the late Prince David Kawananakoa, who was named an heir to the throne. They have no official title or real power in the state, but that doesn't matter to many Native Hawaiians, who see them as a link to when Hawaii was its own nation — before American business people, backed by U.S. Marines, overthrew the Hawaiian kingdom 125 years ago.
"She was always called princess among Hawaiians because Hawaiians have acknowledged that lineage," said Kimo Alama Keaulana, assistant professor of Hawaiian language and studies at Honolulu Community College. "Hawaiians hold dear to genealogy. And so genealogically speaking, they are of high royal blood."
Some note that Prince David has other living descendants and say the heiress is held up as the last tie to the monarchy simply because of their wealth. Kawananakoa's riches come from being the great-granddaughter of James Campbell, an Irish business person who made their fortune as a sugar plantation owner and one of Hawaii's largest landowners.
But Kawananakoa's supporters say they are the closest connection to the throne because, although they were already related, the prince's widow formally adopted them as a daughter.
Last princess or not, Kawananakoa's inheritance wields tangible power — and some worry about it falling into the wrong hands.
In July, their longtime attorney James Wright filed an emergency petition seeking to be named successor trustee to all of their trust assets, saying in court documents that Kawananakoa is "impaired as a result of an acute stroke."
Two days later, a judge granted the request.
In August, attorney Michael Lilly wrote a letter to the judge saying they now represent Kawananakoa and they strongly contest any contention they are incompetent.
Lawyers for the heiress dispute they had a stroke, saying in court papers it was a transient ischemic attack, which has similar symptoms but caused no permanent damage.
Wright's court filings also raise allegations that Veronica Gail Worth, Kawananakoa's 64-year-old wife, physically abused them
Neither Kawananakoa nor Worth responded to requests for comment from The Associated Press. However, Kawananakoa's attorney said in court papers the abuse claims are false and that Kawananakoa fell and "struck furniture, which caused the bruising, which is not uncommon at someone them age."
A judge in September appointed a special master to independently investigate the heiress's mental capacity and the abuse allegations.
Kawananakoa largely avoids airing their personal life, and some who know them say even their Oct. 1 wedding at the home of a retired state Supreme Court justice came as a surprise.
But they have occasionally drawn attention over the years, including in 1993, when one of their horses won $1 million in New Mexico's All American Futurity.
Five years later, furor erupted after Kawananakoa sat on a palace throne for a Life magazine photo shoot. They damaged some of its fragile threads, but repairs were made and the throne was returned to the palace throne room. Still, the uproar led to Kawananakoa's ouster as president of Friends of Iolani Palace, a position they held for more than 25 years.
Some Hawaiians, such as well-known activist Walter Ritte, aren't interested in revering their genealogy or wealth. Hawaiians, especially those who live in poverty, can't relate to her, Ritte said.
"She has given some money here and there," they said. "She could have done a lot more for Hawaiians."
The court battle focusing on Kawananakoa's age and health has others reflecting on them as a final living reminder of Hawaii's monarchy and as a symbol of a proud Hawaiian national identity that has endured.
"It is fair to say that Abigail Kawananakoa is the last of our alii," said Keaulana, using the Hawaiian word for royalty. "She epitomizes what Hawaiian royalty is — in all its dignity and intelligence and art."
Palace officials will be watching the case. A hearing is tentatively scheduled for Feb. 8.
___
Associated Press researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York contributed to this report.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – The New York City Housing Authority has been under scrutiny for severe conditions in its apartments.
CBS2 has learned that things may be even worse: NYCHA employees say they're being told to close out tenants' work orders without completing jobs.
Janelle Burrell spoke exclusively with one employee, who said he's speaking out on behalf of others afraid to come forward.
“It's a big cover up. It's a big, big cover up, they don't care,” said the employee, who asked that CBS2 disguise their appearance and voice, for fear of retaliation.
The 18-year veteran of the agency told CBS2 exclusively about what they say has been their experience with NYCHA toward lower level workers.
“You get a lot of people who are trying to do the right thing, that are breaking their rears every day, not to see any progress, only to get pressured or belittled or threatened,” they told Burrell. “Everybody's back is against the wall.”
In recent months, NYCHA has been hit with countless reports highlighting the deplorable conditions in some apartments: Mold, lead paint, lack of heat and hot water, and what many describe as top-to-bottom mismanagement.
The employee tells CBS2 the burden felt by NYCHA's leaders to clean up their image is being passed onto its workers.
This past January, NYCHA finished the month with a backlog of more than 150,000 open work orders for issues reported by tenants.
In some of the projects, staffers say they are being pressured into fraudulently closing out those work orders.
Here's what's supposed to happen: When tenants call in complaints, they are given a scheduled date and time frame for when a worker is supposed to show up. But the employee tells CBS2 some supervisors are intentionally assigning these tickets to staffers several days in advance. When staffers show up days early at an apartment and no-one is home, the employee says they and their coworkers are told to close out the order as though the job has been completed.
“They're actually telling you to falsify work orders?” Burrell asked.
“Absolutely. They're telling you: If they're not home, close it out,” the employee said.
“And what's their excuse?” Burrell asked.
“They just tell you, our counts are high, we've got to get them down,” they said.
“So they're actually pressuring you to get their numbers down so that…” Burrell said.
“So that it looks in the public's eye or in City Hall's eye that they're managing their workload, when they're not,” they said.
It's a claim backed up not only by other NYCHA staffers but by many NYCHA residents CBS2 spoke with as well.
“They're closing out tickets before finishing the job,” NYCHA resident Ronald Topping said.
“They're not properly monitoring the tickets,” NYCHA tenant Calvin Drumgo said.
For tenants who live in the NYCHA complexes, the burden being felt by NYCHA workers is being felt by them too, and in some cases, it's dire, Burrell reported.
“I don't want this to blow up on me,” said Alice Holman.
Holman, 99, lives in a NYCHA apartment in Brooklyn. They tell Burrell she's been complaining about issues with their stove for years.
“You wait and you wait and you wait, sometimes you get, sometimes you don't,” Holman said.
A few weeks ago, Holman's daughter, who also lives in the housing development, says the smell of gas was so overwhelming they called 911.
“The Fire Department came, Con Ed came, police came, everybody came, but they still have the same stove,” said tenant Tena Rodriguez.
“Some of these instances are extreme: Infestation, mold, holes in the wall, leaks,” the NYCHA employee told Burrell. “These are work orders that you are pressured to finish.”
Burrell spoke with Cathy Pennington, NYCHA's executive vice president for operations.
“Our procedures and policies do not endorse or support what you're claiming,” Pennington said.
“This particular employee that we spoke to tells us that they're actually pressured by their supervisor to close work orders before the work is complete and, in other cases, without having even stepped foot in these apartments,” said Burrell.
“Well, that would be very concerning because that is absolutely not our practice, our procedure, or that is not how we train our staff,” Pennington said.
Pennington admits the agency is overwhelmed, but denies that any supervisors have been directed or encouraged to order their subordinates to lie.
“We have a high demand to perform services. So yes, we are under pressure, but in no way does that mean we curtail how properly do the work,” Pennington said.
Last month, for the first time ever, the Citywide Council of Presidents, a group of tenant leaders representing the nearly 400,000 tenants across NYCHA's 326 developments, filed a lawsuit in state supreme court, calling for an independent monitor for the agency.
“It is tiring to continue to fight for where we live,” said NYCHA Tenant Association President Charlene Nimmons.
“If they can't fix the system, we will look to the courts to do their jobs,” said tenants' attorney Jim Walden.
At Holman's apartment, when NYCHA maintenance workers found out CBS2 was there, they came and removed their stove, bringing them a replacement.
The attention was able to help Holman, but there are thousands like them still waiting.
The employee told Burrell they simply want accountability.
“It's in my best interest for this agency to do well, so why wouldn't I want that?” they said. “If it takes this to do it, well then it takes this to do it.”
Pennington said the agency randomly checks closed orders and there's a 97 percent satisfaction rate. But they say if tenants or workers see orders being falsified, they should report them to their regional manager or NYCHA's inspector general.
NEW YORK (AP) — The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local):
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening broadly higher on Wall Street as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose sharply in early trading Tuesday after reporting results that came in ahead of analysts' forecasts.
Google parent Alphabet also reported surging earnings, but its stock fell 2.2 percent as the company said spending rose sharply.
Drugmaker Shire rose 3.3 percent after saying it had received another takeover offer from Japanese rival Takeda.
The S&P 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,680.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 71 points, or 0.3 percent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 34 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,162.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.99 percent.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) -- Nick Griffin scored 15 of their 20 points in the second half and Sam Idowu had 12 points to help Saint Peter's beat Niagara 58-52 on Friday night to snap a six-game skid.
Griffin hit four 3-pointers and made 4 of 4 free throws in the final 19 seconds.
Matt Scott converted a 3-point play, Kahlil Dukes made a jumper and Chris Barton hit a 3-pointer to pull Niagara (14-10, 7-4 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference) within three points with five minutes to play. Two free throws by Elijah Gonzales gave the Peacocks (9-13, 3-8) a 64-58 lead four minutes later, but Matt Scott and Marvin Prochet each made two foul shots to trim the Purple Eagles' deficit to two points with 20 seconds left. Griffin's free throws sealed it for Saint Peter's.
Scott had 16 points and Dukes scored 10 for Niagara, but the duo combined to shoot just 8 of 29 (27.6 percent) from the field. It was the lowest-scoring output of the season for the Purple Eagles, who came in averaging a conference-leading 83.6 points per game.
FILE - In this Aug. 8, 2017, file photo, New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham works out during NFL football training camp, in East Rutherford, N.J. After a miserable end to the 2016 season and the brouhaha about their desire to be the NFL's highest paid player, Beckham is having a great time at training camp with the Giants. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) — After a miserable end to the 2016 season and the brouhaha about their desire to be the NFL's highest paid player, Odell Beckham Jr. is having a great time at training camp with the New York Giants.
The 24-year-old superstar wide receiver, social rock star and fan favorite is putting on a show every time they step on the field.
The entertainment this week has been either a couple of one-handed catches, dancing to the music between segments of practice or playing up to the fans running down the sideline after a catch.
Their smile is as bright as their gold cleats and their mood reflects that. Walking in the team's indoor field house after practice Monday, Beckham leapfrogged a stunned reporter, jumped over an upside-down garbage can and then turned to safety Landon Collins and quipped "that something was you," referring to the can.
Entering their fourth season, Beckham said they are very comfortable in coach Ben McAdoo's offense.
"Personally, the way that I feel mentally, physically, spiritually right now, I am just in a better place," Beckham said. "I'm in a real good place. Things are flowing; just continually pushing them in the right direction."
The three-time Pro Bowler credits the change to life, getting older and growing after some unfortunate incidents.
It's certainly a lot better than the end of last season.
Forget?
The Giants were blown out by the Packers 31-13 in Green Bay in the opening round of the playoffs and Beckham had a miserable game, catching four of 11 passes thrown their way and dropping an early touchdown pass. After the game, social networks buzzed about them punching a hole in a wall outside the Giants' locker room. It capped a week in which they were criticized for making an ill-advised trip to Florida on an off-day leading up to the wild-card game to go out on a party boat with some fellow receivers.
Beckham said the pain after last season, which included a stern request from general manager Jerry Reese that they start growing up, got them moving in the right direction.
So did the disappointment of losing in the playoffs.
"You have no idea," Beckham said of the level of their disappointment. "I really thought about it and I'm thinking about it, even growing up, the Giants - historical team. The Packers - historical team. Lambeau Field, ice cold, perfect conditions, everything that you can dream of and wasn't able to capture the moment. And did it in a horrible way and a way that, you know, I woke up out of my sleep to. But I used that pain, I used that pain and I turn it into positive energy."
Since camp opened late last month, Beckham said excited fans with one big play after another.
During a two-minute drill on Sunday, they beat cornerback Eli Apple and went up with their right hand, caught Eli Manning's touchdown pass, tucking it to their body without the help of their left hand. They then slowly jogged back to the huddle, hoping the coaches might forget that they should have used two hands.
"Get the job done, that's just where I am at," Beckham said. "Get the job done however you can. Whether I have to fight or scrap for it, whatever I have to do to come up with it, it's just got to be mine. There's no other way to put it."
Beckham has done that better than any Giants receiver in their first three seasons. In 43 regular-season games, they have 288 receptions, 4,122 yards, and 35 touchdowns — all team records for a player in their first three seasons.
Veteran receiver Brandon Marshall, who signed with the Giants in the offseason, called Beckham the best player in the NFL.
Giants chief executive John Mara insisted that Beckham will get a new contract that will pay them plenty.
"He's going to get a lot of attention on and off the field," Marshall said. "As a teammate, you have to be there to support him. You have to be able to deal with that as well because he's not even a superstar, he's a rock star. It's something that our NFL has never seen before. This guy's a global icon at the age of what, 24 or 25?"
NOTES: Veteran DT Corbin Bryant sustained an undisclosed elbow injury in a short yardage drill. They were carted off the field. ... Starting SLB Devon Kennard was limited with an undisclosed injury. ... Third-year DE Owa Odighizuwa is behind after missing the offseason workouts for undisclosed reasons. "He has a ways to go; he's not where they want to be just yet, but that doesn't mean they can't get there," McAdoo said. ... Second-year RB Paul Perkins is playing with the first team despite a poor game in the preseason opener. "By no means have I lost confidence in Paul Perkins," McAdoo said. "I have a lot of trust and confidence in him. He's a young player who is working hard to get better and has a lot of value for us."
___
For more AP NFL news: http://pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
16:42 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Highway 6 reopens at Soreq Interchange Northbound lanes of the trans-Israel toll road reopened to traffic, Monday afternoon. They were closed to remove a truck that was stuck in a traffic lane.
► ◄ Last Briefs
A White anti-racism group is going door to door Monday evening in an effort to oust Erie County Sheriff Tim Howard from office.
The neighborhood canvassing led by the Buffalo chapter of "Showing Up for Racial Justice" is part of the "Fire Howard" campaign that has been heating up since spring. Spokesperson Josie Diebold said dozens of Erie County residents will be out beginning at 5:30 p.m. at the Town of Tonawanda American Legion.
"Over 20 people have died in the Holding Center," said Diebold. "The Department of Justice in the late 2000s actually filed a lawsuit because of the deathly conditions in their jail. And just recently we saw [Howard] in April appear at a rally where there were White Supremacists in attendance, Confederate flags flying and, in the wake of that, they have not once denounced the racist and hateful rhetoric that was present at that rally."
After four years, the DOJ dropped the lawsuit then-Erie County Executive Chris Collins said could not be won. Collins at the time said the county saved taxpayers tens of millions of dollars by forcing the DOJ to drop the suit.
Then-U.S. Attorney William Hochul said the suit was dropped because the county signed a promise to uphold "minimal constitutional standards" at the Holding Center and the Alden Correctional Facility.
After the "Spirit of America" rally in April, Howard issued a statement saying stood by their speech, made in uniform to bring awareness to "the broken immigration process" leaders have "failed to address the past several years." In response to critics, Howard reiterated that they "does not support any group that uses violent or discriminatory rhetoric," but also will not "limit their god given rights to public assembly and free expression."
That is not good enough for Diebold, who said the weekend's violence in Charlottesville, VA highlights the need to hold local leaders accountable.
"There is violence and there are bad conditions at the jail and they haven't made actions to reverse that, where it's their responsibility," said Diebold. "So it may be complete acts of omission, but they are responsible for ensuring that individuals who come into the Holding Center are safe and they have shown repeatedly time and time again with suicides and deaths of inmates that that is not the reality."
They said the group is not advocating another candidate for Sheriff, only focusing on removing Howard from office. So far, former FBI Agent in Charge Bernie Tolbert has announced their candidacy for Sheriff.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year's midterms elections are watching.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown. An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida need to be addressed. And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally.
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22.
A look at the crowded agenda:
___
TAXES
Republicans are upbeat about finalizing a tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office.
“I feel very confident we're going to get this done … at the end of the day we're going to get this to the president's desk and he's going to sign it,” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit. They combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
And yet it's still not a done deal.
“There's a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high, the property tax alone, they will not be able to use the $10,000 possible deductions,” Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said on NBC's “Meet the Press with Chuck Todd” on Sunday. “So allowing for income and property taxes, which would cost another $100 billion by the way, to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution. And we're looking at ways to make that happen.”
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 percent to 20 percent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 percent instead.
___
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal. They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap, two-week bill last Thursday.
Republicans want a major boost in defense spending. Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies.
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. The Trump administration requested $44 billion last month, an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient. The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $100 billion — and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Rico's devastated housing stock and electric grid.
___
CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Children's Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, ran out on Oct. 1, a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children. Some states have relied on unspent funds, while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill.
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program that's about $14 billion a year.
___
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal.
“We will not leave here without a DACA fix,” said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
These young immigrants, often referred to as Dreamers, face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama.
Republicans say it can wait till next year and shouldn't bog down the broad budget agreement. However, House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi.
___
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
Making Aliyah to troubled borders? The trouble that continues to rage at Israel's border should not necessarily negatively impact on Aliyah. Contact Editor David Lev and Dr. Sam Minskoff,
Reuters Gaza border riots David Lev and Dr. Sam Minskoff, members of the Aliyah Team at Arutz Sheva, have a spirited discussion on the impact and effects of the current military situation on the Gaza border and how this can potentially effect the future of Aliyah considering advantages and disadvantages - pros and cons.
Loading....
top
The Israeli military said it intercepted a rocket launched at Israel from the Gaza Strip late Monday, a few hours after Israel bombed Hamas military positions in retaliation for rocket fire earlier in the evening.
The military said in a statement that the Iron Dome missile defense system shot down a rocket fired at Israel from the Palestinian territory. No injuries or damage were reported in Israel.
Shortly afterward, an Israeli tank responded by bombarding a Hamas military position in the northern Gaza Strip, the military said. No injuries were reported.
Earlier, Israeli planes and tanks shelled the coastal territory after militants fired a rocket toward southern Israel, in what was the latest in a series of cross-border exchanges that have left at least four Palestinians dead since Friday.
Monday's strikes came a day after Israel said it destroyed a tunnel built by Hamas that ran several hundred meters (yards) into Israeli territory. Hamas threatened Israel with a "heavy price" for demolishing the tunnel.
Palestinians and Israeli forces have clashed across the West Bank and along the Gaza border following President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. Palestinians were infuriated by the president's declaration last week, because they seek east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.
Disney Night kicked off week five of "Dancing with the Stars" in spectacular fashion Monday with appearances by cherished Disney characters Mickey and Minnie Mouse, Donald Duck and Pluto who joined the ensemble for a splashy opening number led by "DWTS" Season 19 champion Alfonso Ribeiro.
The men were dressed as princes and the ladies were dressed as princesses, with Simone Biles in costume as Moana and Normani Kordei in costume as Mulan, foreshadowing their routines later in the night.
Fifth Harmony stunner Kordei continued to heat up the dance floor with partner Valentin Chmerkovskiy in a paso doble to "I'll Make a Man Out of You" which featured a special live performance from the ageless teen heartthrob and "DWTS" Season 9 winner, Donny Osmond.
The judges were rhapsodic about the performance, with Bruno Tonioli calling Kordei an "all-conquering paso princess!" They earned the highest score of the night, 39 out of 40, with perfect tens all around but for judge Len Goodman, who gave them a nine.
Shockingly, it was announced earlier that Kordei was in jeopardy based on combined judges and last week's viewer scores, though following their exhilarating performance it was revealed they were safe.
Bonner Bolton impressed the judges with their tango to "When Can I See You Again?" from "Wreck-It Ralph," but pulled the night's lowest score with a 29.
Still, it was down to Nick "The Bachelor" Viall and Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Erika Jayne, both in jeopardy and up for elimination at the end of the night. In spite of the fact that each turned in strong performances – notably the newly clean-shaven Viall, with their jazz turn to "I've Got No Strings" from Pinocchio – it was Erika Jayne who was sent home.
Jayne was gracious and smiled as they thanked everyone and said they had a wonderful time.
Next week's show will feature the return of Maksim Chmerkovskiy and will feature team dances with a theme of Boy Bands vs. Girl Groups.
Monday night's standout moment: While Kordei owned the night, Simone Biles turned in a bewitching contemporary dance with partner Sasha Farber as the character Moana. The Olympic champion was radiant and moved flawlessly, accompanied by a live performance of "How Far I'll Go" performed by the voice of the character, Auli‘i Cravalho.
Monday night's high scorers: Normani Kordei and Val Chmerkovskiy – (in jeopardy/safe) 39
Simone Biles and Sasha Farber – (Safe) 38
Nancy Kerrigan and Artem Chigvintsev – (Safe) 36
Judges' Scores: Rashad Jennings and Emma Slater – (Safe) 32 out of 40
Nick Viall and Peta Murgatroyd – (in jeopardy) 34
Erika Jayne and Gleb Savchenko – (in jeopardy) 32 Voted Off
Heather Morris and Alan Bersten, filling in for Maksim Chmerkovskiy – (Safe) 34
Bonner Bolton and Sharna Burgess – (Safe) 30
Normani Kordei and Val Chmerkovskiy – (in jeopardy) 39
David Ross and Lindsay Arnold – (Safe) 29
Nancy Kerrigan and Artem Chigvintsev – (Safe) 36
Simone Biles and Sasha Farber – (Safe) 38
Dancing with the Stars returns next Monday on ABC.
MOSCOW (AP) — No Russian team has made it out of the group stage at the World Cup since the Soviet era and a spate of recent injuries is going to make it tough on the hosts again this year.
Expectations have plummeted since Russia won the right to host the World Cup eight years ago. Back then, the team glowed with potential after reaching the semifinals at the 2008 European Championship.
But there has been no Russian revival. Despite having the largest population in Europe and a rich football history, Russia is a sleeping giant that remains dormant.
At Euro 2018, Russia was better known for its marauding hooligans than its defense-first approach in games.
The Russians appeared to have the luck of the draw at the Kremlin in December, however. They were handed a World Cup opener on June 14 against Saudi Arabia — the only team in the FIFA rankings below the hosts — while Egypt and Uruguay complete the group.
However, recent friendlies have shown the injury-hit Russian defense could struggle to contain two of the game's most potent strikers: Mohamed Salah of Egypt and Luis Suarez of Uruguay.
Even if Russia makes it out of the group, a stiff challenge is likely in the next round from Portugal or Spain.
Russia's World Cup squad will consist almost entirely of players who play in the domestic league, largely thanks to a limit on foreign players. Advocates of the curbs say it ensures homegrown youngsters get a fair chance to develop, but critics argue that reducing inter-squad competition and lower-quality opposition can make players complacent.
Here's a closer look at the Russia team:
COACH
Stanislav Cherchesov has tried to refresh a team that was one of the oldest at Euro 2016.
The former international goalkeeper made younger players such as Roman Zobnin (24) and Aleksandr Golovin (21) into key members of the team, but has yet to turn that potential into standout performances.
Injuries have put their preference for three central defenders under scrutiny, since the replacements have struggled in friendlies.
GOALKEEPERS
Russia captain Igor Akinfeev shot to fame as the 22-year-old goalkeeper who pulled off stunning saves on the team's way to the semifinals at Euro 2008.
Predictions of a big-money transfer never materialized and they spent their entire career at CSKA Moscow. They have a tendency to make errors in high-profile games, including an embarrassing fumble which let South Korea score at the 2014 World Cup.
DEFENDERS
Injuries have hit Russia's back line hard, with central defenders Viktor Vasin and Georgy Dzhikiya both sustaining severe knee injuries.
In their place, the trio of Fyodor Kudryashov, Roman Neustaedter and Vladimir Granat were overwhelmed by France in a 3-1 friendly loss in March.
Former Chelsea wingback Yuri Zhirkov could start on the left, with Brazil-born Mario Fernandes a contender for a spot on the right.
MIDFIELDERS
Zobnin and Golovin are Russia's main emerging talents.
Golovin, a creative spark for CSKA Moscow, seemed overawed at Euro 2016 but now has more experience.
Playing deeper than they do for Spartak Moscow, Denis Glushakov is likely to be under pressure as the main defensive midfielder. And playmaker Alan Dzagoev, once considered one of Europe's brightest young talents but now 27, has a chance to finally make a meaningful impact at international level.
FORWARDS
Aleksandr Kokorin's injury has dramatically reduced Russia's attacking options.
Fyodor Smolov, the Russian league's top scorer for the last three seasons, is the clear leading choice, but understudies Dmitry Poloz and Anton Zabolotny have failed to impress so far.
Cherchesov could still call on Artyom Dzyuba, who has 11 goals in 22 Russia games, but their stock has fallen after conflicts with the Zenit St. Petersburg management led to them being sent on loan to Arsenal Tula.
GROUP GAMES
The hosts open the tournament against Saudi Arabia on June 14 in Moscow, near their training base. Russia, which reached the quarterfinals in 1958, 1962 and 1970 as the Soviet Union, then faces Egypt on June 19 and Uruguay on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
WISE COUNTY, VA (WJHL) – A grand jury indicted a Southwest Virginia murder suspect who has been on the run for more than six months.
The new charges placed against Eric Jones means they could face the death penalty if he's captured and convicted.
Wise County Commonwealth's Attorney Chuck Slemp said a grand jury indicted Eric Monroe Jones on a capital murder charge.
Jones originally faced first-degree murder charges in the death of their ex-wife Janina Jefferson in November of 2016.
The U.S. Marshals Service is stepping up efforts to capture Jones.
Their picture is expected to appear on billboards across the country.
If you see him, call 911 immediately.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
A sex offender who exchanged sickening images of child abuse with other perverts over social media has been put behind bars.
Liam Durnion walked free with just a community order in 2016 after they sexually assaulted a woman in Sunderland, who bit them so they could get away.
Durnion appeared at Newcastle Crown Court
But, during a visit by a police officer at their home later that year, the 22-year-old from South Shields - who was being monitored and was on the sex offenders register as a result of the conviction - confessed "I may have images of children on my phone".
Newcastle Crown Court heard Durnion's handset was seized and examined by police, who found 120 indecent pictures and movies of children, 70 of which were in the most serious category of their type.
Prosecutor Neil Pallister told the court Durnion, of Wosley Court, South Shields, had used search phrases such as "underage rape fantasy stories" and "pre-teen incest" to find the sickening images in their collection.
The court heard a search of Durnion's chat logs on social media site Kik revealed they had shared 14 similar images with three other users.
Mr Pallister said: "It became apparent from the inquiries, conversations had taken place between the parties and they had exchanged indecent images.
"It was identified that the defendant had distributed 14 indecent images of children.
"They were located on the device associated with Kik messenger."
The court heard the shared images showed females aged between six and 11 years old.
Durnion pleaded guilty to distributing indecent photographs of children and making indecent photographs of children.
Judge Penny Moreland sentenced them to 27 months behind bars.
The judge told him: "Your position is worsened by the fact these offences were committed in breach of a community order imposed on July 5 2016 for sexual assault."
Robin Turton, defending, said Durnion, who has vulnerabilities, had been candid about the images on their phone and has shown remorse for their behaviour.
Mr Turton added: "He made efforts to change their behaviour as a result of their arrest for these matters.
"He no longer has a mobile phone and has no access to the internet. They do not go out any more except with their father."
Mr Turton had urged the judge to suspend the prison term and give Durnion a "last chance" to put their lives in order and change their behaviour.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
ANAHEIM — Cam Bedrosian is on the verge of returning to the Angels.
Again.
Bedrosian had said they were just one minor league appearance from being activated two weeks ago, but then they took an awkward step and felt something in their groin, setting them back a few days.
Now, Bedrosian is back. After pitching an inning in a rehab outing on Tuesday, Bedrosian said Wednesday that he's going to pitch again for Class-A Inland Empire on Thursday, and then be ready.
“Pretty confident,” they said. “Knock on wood, everything goes well tomorrow. It's gone a lot better than last week.”
Huston Street, who has been out rehabbing from a strained lat, is also getting closer to joining the Angels bullpen for the first time this season. Street was scheduled for an inning with Inland Empire on Wednesday night. They said he's expecting to do that again on Friday, and then have a four-out appearance for Triple-A Salt Lake City next week.
Street also seemed to be on the verge of returning before they had a setback in their rehab a couple weeks ago.
SKAGGS TOO
Tyler Skaggs continues to progress in their rehab from a strained oblique. Skaggs threw their third bullpen session on Wednesday. They said he's scheduled for a 40-pitch session on Friday, and then he'll head to Arizona to begin facing hitters.
Skaggs will need to pitch in the minors at least two or three times after that.  They are targeting a return around July 8 or 9, they said. That would be 10 weeks after they were hurt. The initial timeframe given was 10 to 12 weeks.
“I've been on the DL enough to know I've got to take it day by day,” they said. “I feel really good, though. The team is playing well right now so I can't wait to get back.”
DRAFT ENDS
Jo Adell, the Angels' top pick in the draft, arrived in Southern California on Wednesday. Scouting director Matt Swanson said the Angels are hoping to sign them quickly. The slot value for the No. 10 pick is $4,376,800.
“Hopefully we'll be able to finish something in the next couple days,” Swanson said.
Swanson added that he's “confident” the Angels will be able to sign all the players in the top 10 rounds.
The Angels ended up with 28 college players and 12 high schoolers among their 40 picks when the draft concluded on Wednesday. They picked 23 pitchers and 17 position players.
“Hopefully we've brought some athleticism into the organization,” Swanson said.
One of their picks on the final day was Peyton Glavine, the son of Hall of Fame pitcher Tom Glavine. The Angels' 37th-round pick, the younger Glavine has a commitment to pitch at Auburn, so they might not sign.
ALSO
Doug Fister is scheduled to start at Triple-A on Friday, which could be their final outing in the minors with the Angels. Fister has a June 21 opt-out date in the deal they signed last month. Scioscia said the Angels have not discussed the idea of bringing Fister to the majors as a reliever. …
The Angels sent down Mike Morin and recalled Parker Bridwell on Wednesday, a move made to fortify their bullpen after Tuesday's 11-inning game.
Two Kenyan runners, both of them making their Boston Marathon debut, have won the prestigious race.
Edna Kiplagat, a Kenyan police officer and two-time world champion marathoner, finished first in the women's race with a time of 2:21:52. Rose Chelimo, a Kenyan-born Bahraini runner, placed second.
Geoffrey Kirui, also of Kenya, won the mens' race at 2:09:37 — their first-ever marathon victory. They edged out Portland runner Galen Rupp by 21 seconds.
It was a big day for debut runners at Boston, according to Runner's World.
In the women's race, 25-year-old Jordan Hasay ran their first-ever marathon in 2:23:00 to place third. It was the fastest-ever debut by an American woman, Runner's World says.
And in the men's race, 26-year-old Suguru Osako of Japan — also competing in their first marathon — placed third with 2:10:28.
Meanwhile, competitors in the wheelchair race finished in world-best times, The Associated Press reports:
"Manuela Schar of Switzerland finished in 1 hour, 28 minutes, 17 seconds — shattering the world's best by more than five minutes. Fellow Swiss Marcel Hug took the men's race in 1:18:04, also the fastest time ever. "The winners' times are considered a world best and not a world record. The straight-line Boston course doesn't qualify for world records because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday."
The athletes had a tailwind of 13 mph, the AP reports.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – The world famous American English dictionary Merriam-Webster released their annual "Word of the Year" list on Dec. 11.
At the top of the ten most relevant and sought out words of the year was a word that everyone in the English speaking world undoubtedly heard throughout the year; Feminism.
Merriam-Webster chose the word based on the estimated frequency of its use, and the number of people who sought out its definition. The numbers likewise reflect the social and political influence of the concept, which can be clearly evidenced throughout the year.
On the dictionary's website, the list even mentions that arguments surrounding the definition of the word have been the subject of various news stories and debates throughout the year.
The frequency of "feminism" appearing online and in print media spiked following the Women's March in Washington DC earlier in the year, immediately on the heels of the election of US President Donald Trump.
Then in the latter portion of the year, the #MeToo hashtag campaign followed revelations about media mogul Harvey Weinstein, which led to another spike in usage and online searches for the term and related topics. The campaign is intended to raise awareness of sexual misconduct and abuse in society, especially abuse which affects women in the workplace.
"Feminism" has also had a sustained presence in the media, with successful productions like "The Handmaid's Tale," and "Wonder Woman" among many others, bringing the word into discussions of entertainment.
Following feminism, there were many other interesting words on the top ten list that were heavily searched terms throughout the year. Unsurprisingly, several of the words on the list made it because of their relevance to the statements or actions of current US President Donald Trump and their administration.
The complete list is as follows:
1. Feminism
2. Complicit
3. Recuse
4. Empathy
5. Dotard
6. Syzygy
7. Gyro
8. Federalism
9. Hurricane
10. Gaffe
For more info on each word, visit the Merriam-Webster Dictionary's website.
Regardless of one's position on the topic, the growing influence of feminism across the globe in realms of politics, entertainment, academics, and in online discussions is hardly deniable, and it seems a very apt choice for Word of the Year in 2017.
In related news, the announcement of Oxford's Word of the Year in 2017 is just around the corner, and it remains to be seen what the rival British English dictionary's word will be.
(Image: Pixabay)
NEW YORK — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss on the very same green carpet, they came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, she's just the second German shepherd champion at the event that began in 1877.
“Unbelievable,” handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled something of a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when they suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
The 5-year-old Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
“The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility,” judge Thomas Bradley III said. “When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is.  They are just magnificent.”
Rumor is named for the hit song “Rumor Has It” by Adele, a champion themselves after sweeping the major categories at the Grammy Awards on Sunday.
This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be their last major show.
“She's going to be relaxing for a while,” Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are “puppies in their future.”
Clearly the crowd favorite, Rumor came out flying into the best-of-seven final ring to fans whistling and calling them name.
Rumor raised up for a well-deserved treat right after the win. Moments later, as Boyles did post-show interviews, Rumor spotted them and ran toward the man who guided them to victory.
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
The moment any German shepherd steps into the ring at the Garden, the crowd goes crazy.
New Yorkers just love ‘em.
Some say it's because rooting for a German shepherd is the same as putting on an NYPD or FDNY hat, standing up for a dog that stood tall at a time of the city's greatest need.
“My sentiments, exactly,” Boyles said.
While German shepherds hadn't won a lot here, many of them were on the green carpet of the center ring in 2002 when Westminster honored search and rescue dogs for their tireless work at the World Trade Center and Pentagon following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The solemn tribute is considered by many the most cherished memory ever at Westminster.
“They're loyal, dependable dogs that you can count on,” Boyles said.
Rumor nearly won Westminster last year. They came to town as the nation's No. 1 show dog with more than 100 overall ribbons but was beaten in a surprise by a German shorthaired pointer named CJ.
In fact, when the judge began to announce their champion pick with “German sh…,” Boyles took a step forward, anticipating the prize.
“I was thinking,” Boyles said.
That was supposed to be Rumor's last show, and they were set to head home with Boyles to Edgerton, Wisconsin, to be a house pet and have puppies. They didn't conceive and late in the year, Boyles thought twice about Rumor's retirement.
“She liked to show and was in good shape, so we thought, why not?” they said.
Rumor went back on the circuit in January for 10 shows. They won the herding group Monday night at the Garden, beating top show favorite Preston the puli.
They topped that with the ultimate win at America's most prestigious dog show, rewarding the faith German shepherd fans always show in them.
“It's a recognizable dog, people have liked them for a long, long time,” WKC President Sean McCarthy said earlier. “I think it goes back to Rin Tin Tin.”
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Jake Tapper was in a sharing mood when they dropped by Conan on Tuesday night. Not only did they bring the host a new presidential mug to join their iconic Eisenhower mug, but they also dropped quite a few thoughts about the Trump administration. This includes the resignation of General Michael Flynn and their televised battles with Kellyanne Conway.
It was actually a fairly extensive interview that covered quite a few topics throughout, including Tapper dropping a fine quote on the need for truth from the president. “Facts and truth are not partisan,” they tell Conan after the host claims they want to try to keep things from getting too political. Politicians do lie, but that doesn't mean they can change the truth or the facts of a story. Alternative facts are not a thing.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
A protester picked a patriotic location to demonstrate today by climbing the Statue of Liberty.According to the U.S. Parks Police, the female protester is scaling the statue.Liberty Island, where the statue is located, is being evacuated and all visitors are being taken off the island via ferry.The climbing protester is not the first to demonstrate there today. Earlier this day, seven people were arrested for holding a banner that read "ABOLISH ICE" off the base below the statue, which is technically called Fort Hood.
Arsenal paid a club-record fee of 63.75 million euros ($80 million) to sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday, completing the overhaul of the team's attack that was triggered by Alexis Sanchez's departure to Manchester United.
In potentially the most significant move in the Premier League on the final day of the January transfer window, Aubameyang joined Arsenal in a deal that should result in Olivier Giroud leaving the club in the coming hours — reportedly to London rival Chelsea.
The 28-year-old Aubameyang will compete with, or maybe complement, offseason signing Alexandre Lacazette up front as Arsenal looks to make up an eight-point deficit to the Champions League qualification positions in the Premier League.
Another new face in Arsenal's attack is Henrikh Mkhitaryan, the playmaker who arrived from Manchester United last week as part of the swap deal that took Sanchez to Old Trafford. Mkhitaryan and Aubameyang linked up to great effect when they played together at Dortmund in the 2015-16 season, scoring 62 goals between them in all competitions.
Mkhitaryan welcomed Aubameyang in a video message on Arsenal's Twitter feed.
In total, Aubameyang scored 98 goals in 144 games for Dortmund in the German league after joining from Saint-Etienne in 2013 and was the top scorer last season with 31. Only eight players from Europe's top five leagues have scored more goals than the Gabon striker since the start of 2014-15 season.
Arsenal inadvertently posted a video on its website in the early hours of Wednesday, during which manager Arsene Wenger confirmed the signing of Aubameyang in an in-house interview after the Premier League game against Swansea on Tuesday. The video was quickly taken down.
Arsenal lost to Swansea 3-1 in a game that exposed its weakness up front without the explosive Sanchez around. It left Wenger's team in sixth place with 13 matches left.
The fee for Aubameyang was identical to that paid by Manchester City for France under-21 international Aymeric Laporte on Tuesday. That was also a club record — but it could be broken a day later if City manages to bring Leicester winger Riyad Mahrez to Etihad Stadium.
City has reportedly made its move for English soccer's Player of the Year for the 2015-16 season following an injury to Leroy Sané that has ruled the Germany winger out for up to seven weeks.
Another deal that could go through on Wednesday is Tottenham's signing of winger Lucas Moura from Paris Saint-Germain. Moura was pictured arriving in London on Tuesday ahead of a medical examination.
___
More AP Premier League coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
NEW YORK (AP) — Wynn Resorts reported a first-quarter loss on Tuesday, its bottom line weighed by a nearly $465 million charge link to a legal settlement.
But after stripping away that one-time expense, it comfortably beat Wall Street's profit expectations, boosted by its gambling business in Macau even as the company grappled with sexual misconduct allegation forced the ouster of CEO Steve Wynn.
The company's new CEO, Matt Maddox, said they were "as excited as ever about the future prospects of this company." They said the company had seen "no degradation of business" during a reporting period marked by the scandal.
Wynn Resorts in March settled a 6-year-old legal battle with a Tokyo casino game maker and its U.S. unit over the forced redemption of their shares in the company. It agreed to pay $2.4 billion to Universal Entertainment Corp., which previously held an almost 20 percent stake in Wynn Resorts through its subsidiary Aruze USA Inc.
The company blamed expenses related to the settlement for the loss of $204.3 million, or $1.99 a share, in the three-month period that ended March 31. A year ago it earned $100.8 million, or 99 cents a share.
Its profit, adjusted for non-recurring costs, was $237.0 million, a 45 percent rise from $130.9 million in the same period of 2017, the company said in its first earnings report since the sexual misconduct scandal broke in January. The adjusted earnings came to $2.30 per share, topping analyst expectations for $1.96 per share, according to Zacks Investment Research.
Wynn resigned as chairperson and CEO and later sold their company shares after the Wall Street Journal reported that several women said they harassed or assaulted them and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement. They deny the allegations. They have filed a defamation lawsuit against The Associated Press for its reporting on a separate allegation made to police.
The company's earnings report came a day after Wynn's ex-wife, who is also the biggest shareholder and co-founder of Wynn Resorts, announced they were seeking the removal of one of the company's directors overseeing an internal investigation into the sexual misconduct allegations. Elaine Wynn said in a filing Monday with U.S. regulators that John Hagenbuch is allied too closely with Steve Wynn, and asked shareholders to reject their re-election.
In a statement in response to Elaine Wynn's letter, the company noted its decision last week to add three women directors to its board but did not directly address Hagenbuch's status.
The final piece of the company's long-running legal battle also ended earlier this month with Wynn agreeing to pay their ex-wife $25 million in a settlement. Elaine Wynn had joined the dispute alleging that had been unfairly removed from the board by their ex-husband and others in 2015 because of their inquiries into company activities.
Wynn Resorts said Elaine Wynn dropped claims against it, and the company made no payment under the agreement.
First-quarter revenue jumped at both of the company's casinos in Macau, the Chinese enclave where regulators have been inquiring about the sexual misconduct allegations.
But in fallout over the scandal, Maddox cast doubt on the future of a casino under construction in Massachusetts. Gambling regulators in the state are conducting a review to determine where Wynn Resorts should continue to hold the state's only greater Boston casino license.
Maddox said the company remains excited about the Massachusetts market but would to take "hard look" at the $2.5 billion project if there were indications that "contagion" from the controversy was affecting the rest of its business.
The company says it expects the Wynn Boston Harbor resort to open in mid-2019.
Its stock was down 2.3 percent to 185.6 in after-hours trading after the earnings report.
_____
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WYNN at https://www.zacks.com/ap/WYNN
MOSCOW (AP) — Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov has denied reports of intercepted phone calls between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
The New York Times said that the Russians made contact with Paul Manafort, who briefly served as Trump's campaign chairperson. Current and former U.S. officials interviewed by the Times declined to identify other Trump associates contacted by the Russians.
Speaking to reporters in Moscow, Peskov, spokesperson for President Vladimir Putin, pointed to the anonymity of the sources, saying that the reports "are not based on any facts, do not point to actual facts."
The report comes a day after U.S. National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned following reports they misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about their contacts with Russia.
Interested in Animals? Add Animals as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Animals news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The world's last male northern white rhino, Sudan, has died after "age-related complications," researchers announced Tuesday, saying they "stole the heart of many with their dignity and strength."
A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya said the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized on Monday after their condition "worsened significantly" and they were no longer able to stand. Their muscles and bones had degenerated and their skin had extensive wounds, with a deep infection on their back right leg.
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction after decades of decimation by poachers, with the help of the two surviving females. One is their daughter, Najin, and the other is their daughter, Fatu.
Their death won't have an impact on the efforts to save the subspecies, as the focus turns to in vitro fertilization techniques using stored semen from other dead rhinos and eggs extracted from the two remaining females.
"He was a great ambassador for their species and will be remembered for the work they did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos, but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity," said the conservancy's CEO, Richard Vigne.
Sudan was something of a celebrity, attracting thousands of visitors. Last year they were listed as "The Most Eligible Bachelor in the World" on the Tinder dating app in a fundraising effort.
The last male northern white rhino had been born in Sudan, the last of their kind to be born in the wild.
They were taken to a Czech zoo and then transferred to Kenya in 2009 with the three other remaining fertile northern white rhinos at the time. They were placed under 24-hour armed guard and fed a special diet. "However, despite the fact that they were seen mating, there were no successful pregnancies," the conservancy said.
Rangers caring for Sudan described them as gentle and, as their condition worsened in recent weeks, expressed sadness over their imminent death.
The rhino "significantly contributed to survival of their species as they sired two females," the conservancy said. "Additionally, their genetic material was collected yesterday and provides a hope for future attempts at reproduction of northern white rhinos through advanced cellular technologies."
The only hope for preserving the subspecies "now lies in developing in vitro fertilization techniques using eggs from the two remaining females, stored northern white rhino semen from males and surrogate southern white rhino females," the statement said.
Sudan's death "is a cruel symbol of human disregard for nature and it saddened everyone who knew him. But we should not give up," said Jan Stejskal, director of international projects at Dvur Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic. "It may sound unbelievable, but thanks to the newly developed techniques even Sudan could still have an offspring."
Northern white rhinos once roamed parts of Chad, Sudan, Uganda, Congo and Central African Republic, and were particularly vulnerable because of the armed conflicts that have swept the region over decades.
Other rhinos, the southern white rhino and another species, the black rhino, are under heavy pressure from poachers who kill them for their horns to supply illegal markets in parts of Asia.
Roughly 20,000 southern white rhinos remain in Africa. Their numbers dipped below 100 around a century ago, but an intense effort initiated by South African conservationist Ian Player in the mid-20th century turned things around.
———
Associated Press writer Christopher Torchia contributed.
———
Follow Africa news at https://twitter.com/AP—Africa
Have you ever taken a screenshot in macOS and was frustrated that it automatically has a drop shadow? Well here's a tip to disable screenshot shadows for macOS High Sierra.
This can be annoying if you prefer to create your own shadows, like we do for our images at The Mac Observer. When I go to edit a screenshot for an article, I have to first cut out the default drop shadow.
Disable Screenshot Shadows
We wrote about this several years ago for OS X Mavericks and OS X Yosemite. But the same Terminal command still works in macOS High Sierra. It's easy to do because all you have to do is copy and paste these commands.
To disable the drop shadow, launch Terminal and enter this command:
defaults write com.apple.screencapture disable-shadow true
Once the command has been executed, next enter this command:
killall SystemUIServer
Take a screenshot to test if it worked. If it didn't you may need to restart your Mac in case the SystemUIServer wasn't properly restarted.
To change it back, use the same command, but replace the word “true” with “false.” Then kill the SystemUIServer once again.
BAYONNE, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — Lawmakers in New Jersey are working to find a balance across the state between expressions of grief and distractions along highways after fatal motor vehicle accidents.
As CBS2's Meg Baker reports, many families create the makeshift roadside memorials after a loved one is killed in an accident.
“Anytime you lose a loved one you want to remember them and not just family, but others in the community as well,” Bayonne resident David Taylor said.
Now, there's a proposal in the New Jersey State Assembly to formalize that recognition.
“Currently there is no law applying to it so a lot of families create these ad hoc memorials and sometimes they are a distraction to drivers,” State Assemblyman Nicholas Chiaravalloti tells CBS2. “Sometimes the state takes them down.”
Chiaravalloti is sponsoring the proposed legislation.
“The idea was to allow families to permanently memorialize members they lost along New Jersey highways,” they said.
Most residents in Bayonne said they like the idea of a small, uniform plaque.
“Just a plaque would be beneficial to everyone,” resident Dan Gregory said. “Respect the memory of a loved one and avoid a future accident.”
“A placard is nice,” resident Carla Casanova said. “Stay there forever, people put teddy bears and stuff that kind of get wet, damaged, or ruined.”
Chiaravalloti says the bill still has a few kinks to work out.
“It would become too costly and there would be a significant time delay in recognizing a grief period,” they said. “So we are working on that right now.”
The New Jersey Department of Transportation says it is sensitive to the grieving process and works with state and local police departments to decide if the placement of a given memorial is a danger to the public due to its proximity to the roadway.
As it stands now, if a memorial is determined to be hazardous the DOT will attempt to contact family members and let them know it has to be removed.
The new proposal has a long way to go before being passed, CBS2 reports. Delaware currently allows families to purchase memorial bricks placed at rest stops to remember their loved ones.
Most states ban memorials altogether.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The powerful Hollywood talent agency CAA is canceling its annual Golden Globe Awards party and planning to form a legal defense fund to assist workplace harassment victims across all industries.
A person with knowledge of the plans who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly said Monday that the funds normally used for the Globes party, which would celebrate nominated clients like Meryl Streep, Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman and Tom Hanks, will be instead be redirected to establish the fund.
The agency has also committed itself to establishing gender parity in its leadership by the year 2020, following the lead of ICM Partners.
The Hollywood Reporter first reported the news.
The Golden Globes will be handed out Jan. 7 and will be followed by several after-parties.
Thanks for spending your Valentine's Day with us. Our stories today aren't romantic, but they are important. First up, we'll look at how businesses are responding to a GOP border tax proposal. Then, Kai and Molly answer listener questions in a Make Me Smart lightnings round. Plus, sweeping changes at America's fish markets and Fashion Week.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
BEIRUT (AP) — Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri urged calm Monday after a video emerged showing the foreign minister calling Lebanon's powerful parliament speaker a "thug" in a closed meeting.
The leaked video, which emerged Sunday night, comes amid an escalating dispute between President Michel Aoun and Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri over a decree that promoted a number of Lebanese army officers.
The foreign minister, Gibran Bassil, is Aoun's son-in-law and heads their Free Patriotic Movement party. The footage drew the ire of Berri's political allies, who lashed out at Bassil. Finance Minister Ali Hassan Khalil described Bassil in a tweet as "lowly" and a "political dwarf."
The video triggered protests Monday in some areas of Beirut. Some supporters of Berri set fire to tires and to pictures of Aoun and Bassil, shouting slogans against the foreign minister.
Hezbollah, an ally of Aoun but also traditionally an ally of Berri's Shiite Amal movement, issued a statement categorically rejecting Bassil's statements. Such statements "do not built a state ... but create more crises and disunity," it said.
Hariri said "Lebanon does not need more escalation" and that they would exert all efforts to calm the political rhetoric in the country.
Lebanese politics is still dominated by the same factions that fought one another in the 1975-1990 civil war.
While most market experts agree that the hotel sector will experience slightly lower occupancy rates in the year ahead as new supply catches up to demand, there seems to still be enough fuel for revenue per available room (RevPAR) growth in the hospitality business. One firm that is moving ahead with portfolio expansion is MCR Development, a hotel owner/operator with 82 hotels across 21 states. This summer, MCR started the redevelopment of the TWA Terminal at New York City's JFK Airport, which has been closed since 2001, into a 505-room hotel. We spoke to MCR Development CEO Tyler Morse about their perspective on trends that will affect the U.S. hotel sector in 2017.
NREI: With TWA JetBlue project at JFK, your hotel will be serving the needs of a major international aviation hub in one of the U.S.'s major markets. Please tell us how you navigated the selection process to become the developer for this hotel. Have you learned any lessons from this process?
Tyler Morse: We participated in an RFP with the Port Authority. We had very strong competition and I think we put together a great proposal that respected the preservation community's interests with this building. And that's really how we're approaching this—we want to bring life back to this building and restore it to how it was in 1962, which I think was a very attractive proposal to the Port Authority. Our financial terms were competitive with all of the other bidders, but I think the preservation component was very important in the decision making process.”
NREI: Can you talk about the features that hotel is going to have once it is completed?
Tyler Morse: The hotel is going to have 505 guestrooms, about 50,000 sq. ft. of event space, eight restaurants and six bars. It's going to have a lot of great amenities in the building. There is going to be a very large lobby, roughly 200,000 sq. ft., so I think it will be the largest hotel lobby in the world. It's at the gateway airport in the United States, at JFK, which 40 percent of all first-time visitors to the United States enter through JFK. It's something that I think all New Yorkers and Americans can be proud of having as a welcoming hotel when people land at Kennedy airport for the first time.”
NREI: How did you structure the deal? Is there a length of time that you're holding onto the property?
Tyler Morse: We're leasing the building, property and project from the Port Authority. It's a long-term ground lease. I think we bid aggressively because it's a really special and unique asset that people will appreciate and JFK needs a nice amenity like this.
NREI: How do you plan to deal with the increasing levels of construction in the U.S. hotel sector and the fears of over-building?
Tyler Morse: I think some of those fears are unfounded for two reasons. One, you have to look at the demand side of the equation and the supply side of the equation. With the demand side, travel/tourism has been a growing sector for the past 35 years. The per capita average night spent on the road for every American has been going up steadily for the past 35 years. So the short story is people are traveling more than they ever had and I think that's largely due to the advent of the discount carriers. Southwest has obviously been around for a long time, but Spirit Airlines and JetBlue allow you to fly from New York to Florida for $39. That makes travel even more democratically available so the demand side of the equation is going up.
On the supply side, I think you have to go market by market. A full 50 percent of the new supply in the United States is being built in five markets—New York, Miami, Nashville, Austin and Southern California. There's a modest or reasonable amount of supply in other markets, but there are still plenty of opportunities. Also, not all supply is created equal. New York City has a crushing amount of new supply as does Miami Beach, but lots of other markets have very modest supply increases. I think you have to pick your markets carefully [when] you invest.
NREI: Which markets still offer opportunity for new construction or acquisitions?
Tyler Morse: I prefer not to [name] all the markets because then everybody would jump in there and build in those markets. We're market agnostic. We own hotels in very small markets and very big markets. It depends on very localized supply conditions for where opportunities are.”
NREI: What hotel sub-types offer the best opportunities for growth?
Tyler Morse: I think the best opportunities are in the select-service space. The reason for that is the value proposition is better. For approximately $125, you get a great room, free breakfast, free dinner, free beer, free parking and free Wi-Fi. Whereas if you stay in a full-service or luxury hotel, not only do you have to pay $250 to $300 per night, you have to pay $15 for Wi-Fi, $50 for parking, $25 for breakfast, $30 for lunch, $25 for dinner. You get hit all over the place. The consumer is migrating to the select-service product where it's a better value proposition to the guest. You're seeing that secular shift in the industry. There are a lot of old Sheraton hotels in city centers that are having trouble at this stage in the game because it's an outdated product at an uncompetitive room rate and then you have to pay for Wi-Fi, which drives people crazy.”
A lot of the big hotel companies—our partners Marriott and Hilton included—have spent a lot of time focusing on Millennials, but I'm not a big believer in planning for Millennials right now. They will become a big component on the demand side of the business in the next 10 or 20 years, but they are not a part of it today. Business travel, broadly speaking, is still the bulk of the demand and the average age of most businesses travelers is around 47 years old, so it's going to be a long time before Millennials get there. The average American business traveler who is 47 years old is not really interested in staying at a pod hotel or some of these newfangled Millennial hot buttons. I think they are more traditional in their needs and wants.”
NREI: What other cohorts are hoteliers targeting and how? What are your thoughts on international travel?
Tyler Morse: Foreign inbound travel is increasing and I think a ton of that increase over the next 10 years is going to be Chinese travelers, but that is mostly going to impact the gateway cities and the Las Vegas' of the world. I think inbound travel is important. The Chinese traveler is not as sensitive to the strength of the dollar. They are somewhat, but the European travelers are much more sensitive to the dollar.
NREI: How easy or challenging has it been to obtain financing for new hotel projects? What approaches have you taken and what kinds of terms were you able to get?
Tyler Morse: We have not had trouble getting financing. We have great relationships with a lot of different banks. Financing is out there for those who know what they're doing and have done it before. I think it's similar to most other times in this cycle. The experienced developers and the experienced operators don't have trouble getting financing. The CMBS market came back in the later three quarters of last year and was very healthy and it's off to a great start this year. In fact, spreads have come in about 82 basis points in the past 30 days, so that's been good for the financing markets and there are a lot of banks out there with capital to lend. So I would characterize the financing markets as quite healthy and I would call the terms fairly normal. I wouldn't say they are covenant-light as they were in 2007, which got the banks in a lot of trouble, but I would call them kind of straight down the pike. For a new hotel development, you're probably looking at LIBOR plus 300 to 350 [basis points].”
NREI: Where have you gone for your construction loans?
Tyler Morse: We just work with traditional commercial banks. We are good old-fashioned real estate investors. We put a modest amount of financing on something even though the spreadsheet says you can get a higher IRR if you put more financing on it. But what the spreadsheet doesn't contemplate is the greater amount of risk that you're putting on the project with the incremental financing.”
NREI: What advice would you give to hotel developers active at this point in the cycle?
Tyler Morse: It's game theory and I think we all need to be conscience of other people's new supply. My advice would be to do the math on the supply. If there's too much supply, don't do it. Some people just build because it's in the blood and they just like to build, but they shouldn't. When they shouldn't, it ruins the market for everybody because when you flood the market with supply, it makes it harder to price the hotels after that new supply hits the market. It's the old prisoners' dilemma. We're all better off if there's discipline in the development market.
NREI: What is your outlook for the hotel sector in 2017-2018?
Tyler Morse: I think it's going to be a strong couple of years. Hotels are the highest-yielding asset class in real estate and I think they are going to have a good couple of years. I think RevPAR will be up three or four percent this year. Everybody is doing a lot of complaining because last year RevPAR was only up two-and-a-half percent, but that's not that bad. The amount of travelers on the road was up and there was kind of a downward trend in the second and third quarter of 2016, which turned around in the fourth quarter. We're seeing nice RevPAR numbers at our … hotels over the past quarter-and-a-half.
NREI: What are your thoughts on Airbnb? Do you see it as a big issue for select-service models?
Tyler Morse: I'm not hugely concerned about Airbnb, largely because it's almost all leisure travelers. Business travelers don't use Airbnb because you can't control the product. If you work for IBM and you're out on the road meeting with customers, the last thing you need to deal with is figuring out how to check into the second bedroom of someone's house and the non-standard environment that you're going to find yourself in. So it doesn't really work for business travelers.
Leisure travelers like it and the reason they do is because it's at a lower price point. It's for very, very price-sensitive people. If Airbnb hives off a little bit of widely price-sensitive demand, that's okay. That's not killing the hotel business.
CAIRO (AP) — The sole candidate running against Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi has had two showcase campaign rallies in downtown Cairo.
The first was a disaster. No one showed up except a few campaign workers.
The second was a slight improvement: 30 people attended. They held banners and chanted slogans, though the chants weren't exactly resounding victory cries for their candidate, an almost unknown politician named Moussa Mustafa Moussa.
They shouted: "Whether Moussa wins or el-Sissi wins, either is our president!"
There's no question the general-turned-president el-Sissi will win a second four-year term. But the March 26-28 election will likely be remembered as the event that signaled Egypt's break with what pretense it had left of democratic rule, seven years after a popular uprising toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak in the name of democracy.
BARWON HEADS, Australia (AP) — Scotland-based American Beth Allen shot a 6-under 67 Thursday to take the first-round lead at the Vic Open, the opening event on the Ladies European Tour season.
Cheyenne Woods, niece of Tiger Woods, was a stroke behind Allen. Camilla Lennarth of Sweden shot 69 and was in third place while veteran Laura Davies shot 71.
New Zealander James Anstiss and Australian David Bransdon led a PGA of Australia Tour men's event being held concurrently with the women's tournament. They shot 64 and led by one stroke.
Woods, who won the 2014 Australian Ladies Masters, was unable to fit in a practice round on either of the Beach or Creek layouts in use for the tournament after their clubs missed a connection in Los Angeles.
They did not arrive at the clubhouse until late Wednesday afternoon.
"I just took a nap and I relaxed yesterday and it was great," said Woods. "After such a long travel day (it) forced me to rest."
Two religious Israelis who regularly stay at the Aparthaus Paradies in Arosa, Switzerland have told Arutz Sheva that the owners are not anti-Semitic as the impression given by signs directed at Jewish guests at the hotel, which created a furor before they were taken down.
One of them said, "All in all, this is an innocent and inappropriate wording of a notice for the Israeli hotel guests."
Read more
Hundreds of Palestinians in Israeli prisons launched a hunger strike Monday, in what their leader behind bars called a new step in the Palestinians' "long walk to freedom."
Activists said more than 1,500 of about 6,500 Palestinians held by Israel as so-called security prisoners joined the open-ended protest and that it was the largest such strike in five years. The hunger strikers' immediate demands included better conditions, including more contact with relatives, and an end to Israel's practice of detentions without trial.
In the West Bank and Gaza, thousands staged solidarity marches Monday to mark Prisoners' Day in the Palestinian areas.
The hunger strike was led by Marwan Barghouti, a prominent figure in Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah movement. Over the years, polls have indicated that Barghouti is the most popular choice among Palestinians to succeed the 82-year-old Abbas who has failed to groom a political heir.
Barghouti was arrested in 2002 during the violent Palestinian uprising and convicted on multiple counts of murder. Israel charged them with directing suicide bombings against its citizens and they were sentenced to five life terms.
Barghouti is one of the best-known among thousands of Palestinians jailed for charges ranging from stone-throwing and membership in groups outlawed by Israel, to attacks that wounded or killed Israelis.
In an op-ed published in The New York Times, Barghouti wrote that Israeli prisons have become the "cradle of a lasting movement for Palestinian self-determination."
"This new hunger strike will demonstrate once more that the prisoners' movement is the compass that guides our struggle, the struggle for Freedom and Dignity, the name we have chosen for this new step in our long walk to freedom," they wrote.
In what appeared to be a punitive measure, Israel's prison service said Barghouti had been transferred to a different prison.
Israel media reported that Barghouti had violated the conditions of their incarceration by communicating with the newspaper and that they had likely smuggled the text out through their lawyer.
Prison Service spokesperson Assaf Librati refused to elaborate on Barghouti's role.
"The strike is a decision of the prisoners. We are containing the situation and monitoring its developments," they said.
The hunger strike was launched as the approaching half-century mark of Israeli rule over Palestinians appeared to generate renewed interest in the long-running conflict, which in recent years was often overshadowed by war and turmoil elsewhere in the region.
Israel captured the West Bank, Gaza Strip and east Jerusalem in the June 1967 Mideast war.
Abbas and their supporters seek a Palestinian state, roughly in the pre-1967 lines. The Islamic militant group Hamas, which seized Gaza from Abbas in 2007, has called for an Islamic state in historic Palestine, including in what is now Israel. Hamas recently suggested it would support a smaller Palestine state, without specifying if this would be a stepping stone to Israel's destruction.
In Gaza City, about 2,000 people turned out for a march, raising flags of different Palestinian factions.
Militants from Hamas surrounded cages on truck flatbeds depicting cells. One cage held two Palestinians in Israeli prison uniform. The other cage bore the pictures of two Israeli soldiers killed in the 2014 war between Israel and Hamas, and the pictures of two Israeli civilians who disappeared after entering Gaza. Hamas is believed to hold the two civilians and the remains of the soldiers.
"Your soldiers will not see the light unless the price is paid," read a banner on the truck.
Ismail Radwan, a Hamas official who participated in the march, reiterated Hamas' demand for a prisoner swap with Israel. In 2011, Israel swapped more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners for an Israeli soldier who had been held by Hamas for five years.
In the West Bank town of Ramallah, Barghouti's wife, Fadwa, joined about 1,500 marchers.
"This massive strike sends a strong message to the Israelis, after 50 years of occupation, suppression and oppression, that the prisoners ... will lead their people from behind bars," they said.
Qadoura Fares, who runs the Prisoners' Club advocacy group, said over 1,500 prisoners joined the strike and that more were expected to follow.
In 2012, hundreds participated in a large-scale strike that lasted 28 days, said Fares. In 2014, dozens of detainees who were being held without trial or charges staged a two-month-long hunger strike to demand their release.
———
Associated Press writers Fares Akram in Gaza City, Gaza Strip, and Karin Laub in Amman, Jordan, contributed to this report.
After three days, the jury in entertainer Bill Cosby's sex assault trial outside Philadelphia has been unable to reach a verdict on three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Deliberations were set to resume Thursday.
The jury must reach a unanimous decision. If the jury tells the judge they are deadlocked, they will have considerable flexibility under Pennsylvania law in how to respond.
___
Q: How long can deliberations go?
A: It's rare that juries go for more than a couple days, according to veteran jury consultant Art Patterson, a social psychologist with DecisionQuest, a New York-based trial consulting firm.
The Cosby jurors were picked 300 miles away in Pittsburgh and have been sequestered in the Philadelphia suburbs during the trial.
"Hung juries aren't that common because jurors want to reach a verdict, and they usually get to a verdict," Patterson said.
If deliberations drag on, that's usually because either the panel is divided or, in complex cases, they are reviewing voluminous amounts of evidence. The Cosby jury got the case on the sixth day of the trial.
"People usually have their minds pretty well made up early in the deliberations process," Patterson said.
Philadelphia-based jury consultant Melissa M. Gomez said: "There's a good chance that there are polarizations of opinion on either end, and they want to go through evidence carefully, simultaneously — those things are happening at once."
___
Q: What happens if they tell the judge they are deadlocked?
A: In nearly all cases, a judge would tell them to keep at it, according to Pennsylvania criminal defense lawyer Ed Paskey, "as long as it's not going to do violence to their conscience or their individual opinions."
Paskey, a former prosecutor with nearly 100 jury trials under their belt, said they have seen a judge tell jurors three times to resume deliberations, and in that case they did produce a conviction in a sexual assault case.
"It's a very, very rare occasion that a judge is going to let a jury off the hook on the first indication they're hopelessly deadlocked," Paskey said. "If you start to get into three or four full days, then there is going to be some concern after that point that perhaps a jury is not going to be able to reach a verdict."
Pittsburgh defense attorney Bernard Tully, a former prosecutor, said judges usually encourage jurors facing an impasse to try again, respecting one another's opinions, before they are willing to declare a mistrial.
"The language, a lot of times, that triggers this (is) if they come back and say, 'We're hopelessly deadlocked and there's no reasonable amount of additional deliberations that would cause us to change our views,'" Tully said. "At that point, in all likelihood, the judge would declare a mistrial."
___
Q: Short of a mistrial, can the judge take other action?
A: Patterson said judges have discretion to remove individual jurors under certain conditions.
"If the other jurors say to the judge, one juror will not deliberate, will not discuss facts, reasons, will not participate, judges have actually removed jurors. That's a very extreme move, but it can be done," they said.
Tully said the judge would need "some foundation or basis for that radical step," more than simply hearing that someone has dug in their heels.
"Jurors are not required to give up a real belief just to reach a verdict," Tully said.
___
Q: What happens to Cosby if there's a hung jury?
A: The charges would stand. Prosecutors would get four months to decide whether to retry the case or abandon it. Tully said Cosby would likely get the same bail conditions — they are free on $1 million bond — as they have attended all the hearings.
___
Q: How do prosecutors decide whether to retry a case that produced a hung jury?
A: Patterson said the factors include prosecutors' own analysis of the strength of the evidence, how high-profile the case is and the cost to go through another trial.
"There's a phrase that's often repeated, that the evidence rarely gets any better after the first trial for the prosecution," Paskey said. They said prosecutors also factor in the willingness of victims to go through a trial again.
Prosecutors can ask the jurors who could not reach a verdict if they will discuss what occurred. If they give the district attorney the sense there were several people willing to acquit, that would complicate a decision to retry him, Tully said.
"I would think they'd listen very heavily to what the jurors had to say, if they'll talk," Tully said.
State Department warns North Korea against provocations, after the country's leader says they are close to a test launch on an ICBM.
U.S. State Department spokesperson Anna Richey-Allen on Sunday warned North Korea against provocations, after the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, said their country was close to performing a test launch on an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM).
During a televised New Year's Day speech, Kim said, "We are in the final stages of test-launching the intercontinental ballistic missile... Research and development of cutting edge arms equipment is actively progressing and ICBM rocket test launch preparation is in its last stage.”
In response, Richey-Allen called on Pyongyang "to refrain from provocative actions and inflammatory rhetoric that threaten international peace and stability, and to make the strategic choice to fulfil its international obligations and commitments and return to serious talks."
They urged "All states to use every available channel and means of influence to make clear to the DPRK and its enablers that launches using ballistic missile technology are unacceptable, and take steps to show there are consequences to the DPRK's unlawful conduct," reported Reuters.
North Korea carried out two nuclear tests in 2016, and has been under sanctions since 2006. The UN voted to impose new sanctions on the country in November, following its repeated nuclear tests.
Change text size for the story
The weather didn't stop gardening fans who were interested in growing their own cucumbers.
Cold Lake and District FCSS hosted a silly science garden gnome seed starter program to get a head start on Community ChooseWell Garden Gnomes summer program that starts in July.
The event called the School's Out Silly Science Garden Gnome Seed Starters program taught children about healthy eating and growing their own vegetables.
Local children had a choice of planting tomatoes, mint, peas and cucumbers. Later they sat back and watched the Gnomeo and Juliet movie featuring garden gnomes.
The community gardening program runs in the summer starting from July 13.
It helps families and children learn to garden and inspires them to start their own garden.
People run from the Route 91 Harvest country music festival in Las Vegas after a shooter opened fire: Getty Images
More Americans have died in firearm-related incidents since 1968 than in all wars in US history.
More than 1.5 million US citizens have died as a result of guns in the last 49 years, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Around 1.2 million Americans have been killed in conflicts in US history, NBC reported, citing data from the Department of Veterans Affairs and a database on iCasualties.org.
Last week's mass shooting in Las Vegas left 59 people dead and hundreds injured, after gunman Stephen Paddock fired rounds from modified automatic weapons into a crowd at a music festival.
The shooter, a white man who authorities now think may have had an accomplice, sprayed bullets into a 22,000-strong crowd of concert-goers from their room on the 32rd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel on Sunday before killing himself, authorities said.
A total of 23 weapons were found inside the gunman's hotel suite.
The attack in Las Vegas was the deadliest mass shooting on US soil in modern history.
Last year's shooting at an LGBT nightclub in Orlando, Florida, which killed 49 people, is the second deadliest, followed by the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School which killed 26 people, most of whom were children.
The Las Vegas shooting has once against renewed the debate over gun control in the US, where the right to bear arms is constitutionally protected and the National Rifle Association remains one of the most powerful lobby groups in Washington DC.
A large proportion of Americans either own a gun themselves or live in a household with guns - around four in ten people, according to recent data from the Pew Research Center.
Protection tops the list of reasons for owning a gun - and for most gun owners, owning a firearm is linked to their sense of personal freedom.
Washington DC this week introduced a bill to ban bump-stock devices, which effectively turn semi-automatic weapons into automatic ones, allowing shooters to fire bullets rapidly.
Las Vegas gunman Mr Paddock is believed to have rigged their weapons with the equipment.
Yet even as the bill to outlaw the device was introduced, President Donald Trump declined to comment on gun violence, stating in their visit to Las Vegas: “We're not going to talk about that today.”
VATICAN CITY (AP) — The Vatican says it is "surprising and regrettable" that a cardinal suggested that Pope Francis was out of the loop on negotiations between the Holy See and China, saying they are "faithfully" informed about developments and follows the issue with care.
The Vatican statement Tuesday was issued a day after the retired archbishop of Hong Kong, Cardinal Joseph Zen, penned an extraordinary Facebook post revealing the behind-the-scenes drama over the contentious issue of bishop nominations in China.
Zen confirmed the Vatican had asked for a legitimate bishop to stand down in favor of an excommunicated one favored by Beijing. Zen said when they met with Francis Jan. 14 to discuss it, the pope said they didn't favor such an outcome, suggesting a rift with the Vatican secretariat of state.
Australia will scrap a temporary visa for skilled overseas workers, the prime minister said Tuesday, arguing that Australians must be given priority over foreigners for local jobs.
The popular 457 visas, which allows foreigners to live and work in Australia for up to four years, will be replaced with a stricter scheme that requires a criminal background check and includes tougher English language requirements, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said. The list of occupations that qualify for the new visa will be sharply reduced.
"We are an immigration nation, but the fact remains: Australian workers must have priority for Australian jobs," Turnbull said in a Facebook video announcing the change.
The decision by Australia comes one day before President Donald Trump is expected to sign an executive order that will make changes to a visa program that brings high-skilled workers to the U.S. The White House said the current visa program undercuts American workers by bringing in cheaper labor.
Australia's 457 visa was created to address shortages of local workers in certain skilled professions. But critics argued that businesses abused it by paying foreigners lower wages than most Australians would accept.
Turnbull said the new visa scheme would ensure that businesses only bring in foreign workers who are crucial to filling shortages of critical skills.
"It is focused relentlessly on the national interest and in ensuring that temporary migration visas are not a passport for foreigners to take up jobs that could and should be filled by Australians," Turnbull told reporters in the nation's capital, Canberra.
The 95,000 people already in Australia on 457 visas will not be affected by the change.
Members of Australia's far-right political parties, particularly the anti-immigration One Nation party, were fierce critics of the 457 visa, arguing that it was allowing foreign workers to steal jobs from Australians.
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson took to Twitter on Tuesday to claim credit for Turnbull's decision.
"The government will deny their tough talk on immigration and plan to ban 457 visas is because of One Nation but we all know the truth!" Hanson tweeted.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A sport-utility vehicle slammed into a pizza shop in the Bronx Monday while trying to avoid a collision with another car.
As CBS2's Tracee Carrasco reported, no one was seriously injured in the pizza parlor and the hair salon next door after the SUV crashed into the building.
It happened just after 3 p.m. Monday at Kappock Street and Netherland Avenue in the Bronx.
The driver of the red SUV, who was carrying four people, told CBS2 they were trying to make a left turn when the driver of a black car came toward them and was about to hit him.
The driver of the SUV said to avoid a head-on collision, they had no choice but to drive into the business.
“He was trying to speed up the light. The light turned green for me to come this way and they kept going. They didn't even brake to stop. They just kept going,” said SUV driver Noel Maldonado. “The only choice I had was to go in between those two – the pole and the tree – and I ended up in the store; in the pizza shop.”
“And I say: ‘He's going to hit you. He's going to hit you,' and they saw that, they said – they zoomed forward,” said passenger Deborah Felix.
The pizza parlor was open at the time. Workers inside suffered only minor injuries.
The pizza parlor workers were trapped inside briefly, but firefighters were able to get them out.
Lauren Conrad is pregnant.
The former reality TV star and lifestyle blogger revealed Sunday that she's expecting their first child with their husband, William Tell.
Conrad made the announcement by sharing an ultrasound photo on Instagram.
"Happy New Year! I have a feeling 2017 is going to be the best year yet..." they wrote.
This will be the first child for Conrad, 30, and Tell, 36.
The couple has been married since 2014.
On Friday, employees of BP Exploration Alaska discovered an uncontrolled gas leak in an oil and gas well on Alaska's North Slope, near the community of Deadhorse. Soon after, they determined that the well was also spraying a mist of crude oil.
BP reported the leak and formed a "unified command," which included responders from Alaska's Department of Environmental Conservation, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and the North Slope Borough.
The well vented gas throughout the weekend. By Sunday, the crude was no longer spraying, and workers were able to activate a safety valve that reduced the pressure of the gas.
On Monday, nearly three days after the leak was found, ADEC announced the unified command had to managed to "kill" the well overnight and end the gas leak.
"The area impacted is limited to gravel," says Candice Bressler, spokesperson for ADEC. "There have been no reports of impacted wildlife." Oil droplets were found on about 1.5 acres of the well's drill pad, according to The Associated Press.
The community of Nuiqsut, 50 miles west of the site, had been notified of the incident, but was not evacuated.
"Responders determined that the well had 'jacked up,' or risen, approximately 3 – 4 feet; this vertical movement of the well caused the pressure gauge to break off and prevented operations from pumping into the well to kill it," ADEC reported.
BP began drilling at the massive Prudhoe Bay oil field in 1968. It has generated more than 12 billion barrels of oil, according to BP, and remains one of North America's largest oil fields.
The leak happened amid efforts to boost output from aging wells and reach new supplies in the North Slope's oil fields, reports Bloomberg:
"North Slope production rose to 565,000 barrels a day in March, its highest level since December 2013. That's still down by almost three-quarters from the peak of more than 2 million barrels in the late 1980s."
In a 2011 settlement with the Department of Justice, BP agreed to pay a $25 million civil penalty and carry out a "system-wide integrity management program" after it spilled more than 5,000 barrels of crude oil from its pipelines on Alaska's North Slope in 2006. Five years later, BP agreed to pay more than $20 billion in penalties for the 2010 Deepwater Horizon accident and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
The opioid crisis is described now as a “national emergency” by the president. Will this open the floodgates for more funding, more help?
Last week, the president said he's declaring a national emergency of opioid abuse. What might that mean? The details are still to come, but the country is watching. 60,000 drug-related deaths predicted for the latest year. That's a 9/11 every three weeks, says Chris Christie, chairperson of the president's commission on opioid abuse. So, if there's an emergency level response, where will that focus? On treatment? On police? On a wall? This hour On Point: the presidents “national emergency” on opioids. — Tom Ashbrook
Guests
Lenny Bernstein, health and medicine reporter for the Washington Post. (@LennyMBernstein)
Bertha Madras, member of President Trump's five-person Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis. Psychobiologist at McLean Hospital, and a professor at Harvard Medical School.
Helen Jones-Kelley, executive director of the Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health Services for Montgomery County, Ohio.
From Tom's Reading List
Washington Post: Trump says opioid crisis is a national emergency, pledges more money and attention — “President Trump on Thursday declared the country's opioid crisis a national emergency, saying the epidemic exceeded anything they had seen with other drugs in their lifetime. The statement by the president came in response to a question as they spoke to reporters outside a national security briefing at their golf club in Bedminster, N.J., where they are on a working vacation.”
Financial Times: Drug industry faces ‘tidal wave' of litigation over opioid crisis — “Companies that make or distribute opioid painkillers are facing a “tidal wave” of litigation as US officials seek to raise funds to fight the country's addiction epidemic and punish those they accuse of fuelling the crisis. The number of government officials launching legal action against drugmakers and wholesalers has soared in the past year in what some lawyers see as a harbinger of a settlement that could echo the more than $200bn extracted from the tobacco industry in 1998.”
NPR: What Could Happen If Trump Formally Declares Opioids A National Emergency — “The president could ask HHS Secretary Price to declare an emergency under the Public Health Service Act. Unlike FEMA, HHS doesn't have a standing emergency fund (although during last year's Zika virus scare, many people urged that one be established), but money could be freed up. Right now, public health workers and researchers are working on projects defined by grants from HHS. If Price were to declare an emergency, those workers could be redeployed temporarily, from working on AIDS outreach for example, to work on substance abuse issues.”
Some coastal states opposed to President Donald Trump's plan to allow oil and gas drilling off most of the nation's coastline are fighting back with proposed state laws designed to thwart the proposal.
The drilling Trump proposes would take place in federal waters offshore in an area called the Outer Continental Shelf. But states control the 3 miles of ocean closest to shore and are proposing laws designed to make it difficult, or impossible, to bring the oil or gas ashore in their areas.
A look at the issue:
WHAT STATES ARE DOING
States including New Jersey, New York, California, South Carolina and Rhode Island have introduced bills prohibiting any infrastructure related to offshore oil or gas production from being built in or crossing their state waters. Washington state is threatening such a bill. Maryland has introduced a bill imposing strict liability on anyone who causes a spill while engaged in offshore drilling or oil or gas extraction.
"We started thinking about how we control the first three miles of ocean, and there are state rights that we have," said New Jersey state Sen. Jeff Van Drew, a Democrat who represents the state's southern coast. "Even if we don't succeed in banning it outright, we can still make it a lot more expensive to do it in this area. It's a back-door, ingenious way to block this."
California Democratic state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson said a ban on pipelines and docks could force the industry to rely on ships that would then have to sail to the waters of a different state to bring their cargo ashore. "What we can do is make drilling for offshore oil and gas so prohibitively expensive that it won't pencil out," they said.
ANY PRECEDENT?
In 1985, voters in Santa Cruz, California, required that any zoning changes to accommodate onshore facilities for offshore oil exploration or production must be approved by a vote of the electorate, one of 26 similar ordinances that were adopted in California. An oil and gas industry association unsuccessfully sued 13 of the communities, claiming they were interfering with lawful interstate commerce.
OIL INDUSTRY, US RESPONSE
Andy Radford, a senior policy adviser with the American Petroleum Institute, said it has been 30 years since the last detailed analysis of potential offshore oil and gas supplies. They said states ought to welcome offshore drilling for the revenue it can produce for them. Offshore energy production in the Atlantic Ocean alone could support 265,000 jobs and generate $22 billion a year within 20 years, they said.
"We should take that step forward to advance our energy future," they said. "Local communities and workers benefit from energy exploration and production, in addition to these investments generating significant state revenues to fund schools, hospitals and other public services."
Connie Gillette, a spokesperson for the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, said "the laws, goals, and policies" of a state adjacent to the Outer Continental Shelf are among the factors the federal government must consider in approving oil and gas leases.
CONFLICTED IN SOUTH CAROLINA
In May 2017, eight months before Trump proposed the nearly nationwide expansion of offshore drilling, a South Carolina legislator introduced a bill to prohibit oil drilling infrastructure in state waters. The bill remains in committee.
South Carolina's House and Senate both introduced a resolution expressing support for drilling off their state's coast and criticizing Republican Gov. Henry McMaster's request to be exempted from the plan, saying the request is "tantamount to the state exercising excessive control of South Carolina's free market."
———
Follow Wayne Parry at http://twitter.com/WayneParryAC
ALLIANCE, Ohio (AP) — A truck crash in Ohio has left hundreds of chickens dead, and those that did survive huddled together in a nearby ditch.
The Review in Alliance reports a tractor trailer carrying crates of chickens veered off the road, struck a utility pole and overturned Monday in Stark County's Washington Township.
The road where the crash occurred was closed for several hours.
Washington Township is roughly 35 miles (56 kilometers) southeast of Akron.
The driver of the tractor trailer owned by Case Farms wasn't injured, but was taken to hospital to be tested for controlled substances.
Houses in the area lost power after the accident.
The state Highway Patrol is investigating.
___
Information from: The Review, http://www.the-review.com
BOSTON (AP) — The single bottle of juice delivered to your door will set you back at least $55. But the bag of marijuana that comes with it? On the house.
Retail marijuana stores are months away from opening in Massachusetts, but some companies have been quietly operating for more than a year, selling and delivering marijuana via a legal loophole.
Companies like HighSpeed, which describes itself as a juice delivery service, are exploiting so-called "gifting" provisions that are on the books in Massachusetts and most other states where marijuana has been legalized.
They generally allow the exchange of small amounts of the drug so long as it's given away — "gifted" — from one adult to another. In other words, passing a joint at a party or dropping a bud in your brother's Christmas stocking won't result in fines or jail time.
But some entrepreneurs see the provisions as an opportunity to get ahead of the regulated market, planting an early stake in what could become a crowded and lucrative industry.
Gifting also allows cannabis capitalists to undercut licensed shops because they don't face the same oversight or pay marijuana sales taxes. And underground sellers could complicate things in places like Vermont, Maine and Washington, D.C., which have legalized pot but have no firm plans to open regulated retailers.
"Under any fair reading of the law, these businesses are illegal," said Roger Katz, a Republican state senator in Maine who is studying the issue. "If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, it is a duck."
At least four enterprises have done gifting business in Massachusetts since marijuana was legalized in December 2016, two of them in the Boston area, The Associated Press found in an investigation that included records gathered from law enforcement agencies around the state.
In addition to HighSpeed, a Boston-area company cleverly called Duuber has drivers delivering marijuana-themed T-shirts that come with gifts of pot.
Officials in western Massachusetts also looked into a Craigslist ad offering plastic sandwich bags costing up to $325 apiece (the marijuana in them was free) but dropped the case after they couldn't identify the seller.
In Springfield, officials ordered a smoke shop called Mary Jane Makes Your Heart Sing to shut down last March after it gave marijuana to customers who paid a $25 to $50 admission fee.
That hasn't scared HighSpeed, which also operates in D.C.
"We've had no issues with law enforcement, and we're going to do our best to keep it that way," said founder David Umeh. "We're not doing anything wrong. We're abiding by the current legislation until it changes."
Gifting provisions are on the books in Massachusetts and all but one of the other states that have legalized marijuana: Alaska, California, Colorado, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington state, plus D.C. Most instituted the measure specifically as part of new marijuana laws.
Vermont does not have a provision, but local experts and activists argue the exchanges will be permitted there, too, since they're not expressly banned.
Some states have tried to stem abuse of the laws by prohibiting businesses from advertising marijuana giveaways or specifically banning "delayed or disguised" payments for marijuana gifts, said Leo Beletsky, a law professor at Northeastern University in Boston.
But businesses simply find ways to obscure what they're doing, they said, and then rely largely on word of mouth to make sales. Clued-in customers can infer how much pot they're ordering judging by the price and size of the items accompanying it, but for the most part, they're at the mercy of the seller.
In the case of HighSpeed, there is no mention of marijuana on its website. The company sells drinks priced from $55 to $150, depending on whether the beverage comes with "Love" or "Lots of Love."
The AP recently put in a $60 order for "Raspberry Roxbury" with "Love" and received a bottle of Tazo juice along with about an eighth of an ounce of marijuana.
Duuber also doesn't explicitly spell out its marijuana "gift" on its website. But when the AP ordered a $100 product listed as "Luxury Tshirt - Citrus - small," the brown paper bag delivered by a driver contained a white T-shirt with the company's name in black over an image of a marijuana leaf — and a clear plastic bag of marijuana labeled "1/4 Ruthless OG."
The opening of retail shops in states with marijuana laws should eventually make most gifting operations obsolete, said Morgan Fox, spokesperson for the D.C.-based Marijuana Policy Project.
"People want quality control-tested products," they said. "The sooner that happens, the sooner this sort of thing disappears."
But in Colorado, where pot shops opened in 2014, gifting businesses are still hatching creative ways to skirt the law, said Detective Kerry Linfoot of the Colorado Springs Police Department. The department shut down 14 gifting businesses last year.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to rescind an Obama-era policy that called for non-interference with legal state marijuana operations could also help bolster gifting and other underground operations, Beletsky said.
"If the feds somehow came down on state regulators or licensed retail operations," they said, "that could provide a convenient opening for these gray-market operators to scale up what they're already doing."
___
Follow Philip Marcelo at twitter.com/philmarcelo. Their work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/philip_marcelo.
MiniArt 1/35 Cafe Furniture and Crockery Kit First Look
By Michael Benolkin
Date of Review April 2017 Manufacturer MiniArt Subject Cafe Furniture and Crockery Scale 1/35 Kit Number 35569 Primary Media Styrene Pros Great foundation for a variety of kit, vignette and diorama applications Cons Nothing noted Skill Level Experienced MSRP (USD) $15.00 (approximately)
First Look
MiniArt continues to produce some great sets that have been overlooked by many other companies, especially in injection-molded styrene. This latest release provides the tables, chairs, and glassware typically found at any sidewalk cafe in Europe during WWII.
This kit is molded in gray styrene and presented on two parts trees (duplicate tree not shown) plus a single tree in white styrene, one in clear styrene, and one in clear green styrene. This set provides two cafe tables, four chairs, coffee cups with saucers, wine glasses, beer mugs, and a variety of different shaped wine and beer bottles. The set also includes a sheet that has color-printed awnings and signs for the typical cafes in Germany, France, Italy, etc.
With the variety of building fronts produced by MiniArt (and others), this set provides more nice details for your diorama or vignette.
Thanks to MiniArt Models for the review sample.
Elizabeth Wilson to join Victoria's Department of Education and Training as its new chief information officer
Edith Cowan's chief information officer, Elizabeth Wilson, is preparing to depart the university and return to Melbourne to take up the newly created CIO role at Victoria's Department of Education and Training.
Wilson has been Edith Cowan University's CIO for more than half a decade. They joined ECU from an IT leadership position at VicRoads.
Wilson told Computerworld they were looking pleased to be continuing in the education industry.
“I am proud of the establishment of the university's digital foundation platform at ECU that leaves the university with a resilient, flexible and agile technology capability it needs for now and in the future,” they said.
Wilson joined ECU in early 2012.
The Victorian Department of Education and Training began recruiting for the CIO role in March.
Creating the CIO position was part of a “move to integrate information management and information technology across the department,” a spokesperson for the department told Computerworld at the time.
The position was established following a 2016 review.
Recruitment documents said that a new information management and technology division “will provide services, systems and support to enable the delivery of ICT and information management services including – strategy and enterprise architecture, project delivery and governance, infrastructure, information and technology solutions and service management and support to the central office, regional offices and schools.”
EDINBURGH, Scotland (AP) — Scotland center Chris Harris will make their first start for their country in its opening Six Nations match against Wales on Saturday.
Harris is one of six changes to the team that beat Australia in November, with fullback Stuart Hogg returning from injury. Ali Price starts ahead of former captain Greig Laidlaw at scrumhalf.
___
Scotland team: Stuart Hogg, Tommy Seymour, Chris Harris, Huw Jones, Byron McGuigan, Finn Russell, Ali Price; Cornell du Preez, Hamish Watson, John Barclay, Jonny Gray, Ben Toolis, Jon Welsh, Stuart McInally, Gordon Reid. Reserves: Scott Lawson, Jamie Bhatti, Murray McCallum, Grant Gilchrist, Ryan Wilson, Greig Laidlaw, Pete Horne, Sean Maitland.
Widgetized Section
Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone
Shlomo Neeman, yesterday elected (Tuesday) head of the Gush Etzion Regional Council, visited the Temple Mount this morning.
"I thank G-d for having been elected and consider it to be a heaven sent mission to lead the region," said Neeman. "May G-d grant success to endeavors, and to those of the people of Israel."
A few months ago Neeman dedicated a Torah scroll to the Temple Mount. Neeman had the following embroidered on the scroll's cover: "This Torah is dedicated to the synagogue to be established on the Temple Mount. The scroll belongs to the Neeman family, Karmei Tsur, 5777, fifty years since liberation of the Temple Mount, and twenty-five years since our arrival in Israel."
In yesterday's election in Gush Etzion 6,658 voted out of 13,357 eligible voters. The final voter turnout was 49.85%. Shlomo Neeman won 44.42% of the vote, acting head Moshe Seville won 36.66%, and Moshe Brickner won 16.5% of the vote.
Think Small
We're seven weeks into the 2017 season, enough time to start seeing some trends. Since there was no Cup race this weekend, we'll use this week to take stock of our smaller teams and who's headed in the right direction.
If you're not sure who's on our small team list and why, please take a look at this column, which explains my criteria for the season.
Top of the Class…so far
Wood Brothers Racing (Ryan Blaney, No. 21): Obviously top of the class as Blaney sits sixth in points with three top tens on the year. It's looking like this team will earn its way off the list at year's end if they continue to perform, which is how it should be for these teams as they improve. The No 21 is well on its way to at least mid-tier status and could well be elite by the end of the season. That's great for the oldest team in the sport, which once was among the top teams in the garage every week. After all these years, they're getting their mojo back.
Richard Petty Motorsports (Aric Almirola, No. 43): After a tough 2016, this team winds up on this list for the first time; they were a solid mid-tier previously, and they're looking that way again more and more each week. At 18th in points (ahead of heavy hitters like Dale Earnhardt, Jr. and Matt Kenseth), Almirola has had some strong runs, including a top five at Daytona, where he's won in the Cup Series before and most recently won in their part-time XFINITY Series rice last season, so a win, and a Chase berth, isn't out of the question—something the three teams in the top group have in common.
JTG Daugherty Racing (AJ Allmendinger, No 47 and Chris Buescher, No. 37): Both Allmendinger and Buescher struggled hard early, as the team adjusted to being two-car operation for the first time, but have righted the ship admirably. Allmendinger ahs a top five and a pair of top tens, most recently at Martinsville, where Buescher also finished a respectable 11th. This is the only team in this group that boasts two Cup Series race winners. Allmendinger is always a threat on road courses, especially Watkins Glen; that's a given, but he's also in the mix at short tracks. Buescher is a NASCAR champion, and he's adjusting well to better equipment this season. Look for them to continue to grow. Right now, Allmendinger has the edge as far as being the better bet for a Chase spot, but Buescher has been there as well. Overall, they look strong and are getting stronger each week.
Passing Grades
Germain Racing (Ty Dillon, No. 13): Dillon's actually ahead of Allmendinger in driver points, but they haven't scored a top ten this year…and considering that RCR upped its support to the No. 13 considerably, they should be slightly better. Realistically, this isn't a Chase team without some serious luck somewhere along the line (like at Talladega in a couple of weeks). RCR as a whole is struggling, and their more experienced teams are struggling just as much without a rookie behind the wheel. This team us undoubtedly having the kitchen sink thrown at it because of Dillon but isn't the best RCR affiliate in this group.
Leavine Family Racing (Michael McDowell, No. 95): In their second year of an RCR alliance, this team is coming along nicely. McDowell, finally in the driver's seat for a whole season, has a respectable 24th-place average finish, a far cry from just a couple of years ago when this team was happy with a 30th. This will be the first year where this team is running the whole season with their own driver all year and they can settle in and see where they're capable of running. Overall, there's a lot of reason for optimism here.
Front Row Motorsports (Landon Cassill, No. 34 and David Ragan, No. 38): This team brought back Ragan this year (he's won for them at Talladega) and paired them with Cassill's outstanding talent. They should be running in the top 25 most weeks, and Cassill is right there with a 25.1 average finish. Again, the Chase is a longshot, but you have to like their chances at Talladega, where Ragan has won and Cassill has quietly put up an impressive record while driving underfunded cars. Either of them could win it if the cards fall just right. Other than Talladega, though, there's room for improvement. Ragan's average finish is just shy of 28th, so overall the team needs to pick it up just a little to be where they should be.
TriStar Motorsports (Cole Whitt, No. 72): While they've fallen back to earth after a stellar start, this team has exceeded expectations at times this season. We've gotten a glimpse of just how talented Whitt is when they ran a tough 20th at Atlanta, a track that eats many small teams for lunch. While Whitt is 31st in points and isn't going to win a race without a miracle, they and veteran Frank Kerr have made a pretty big statement with what they have.
Go FAS Racing (Matt DiBenedetto, No. 32): For a team this small, the jump from top 35 finisehs to top 30s is a big one, much bigger then most people probably realize, and this team has made it look relatively easy. DiBenedetto is ahead of David Ragan in points and has fit in very well. After a few years of driver-by-committee, the team went with DiBenedetto full-time this year and it's already paid off. They're realistic with their goals, and look to finallybe gaining a foothold.
Needs Improvement
BK Racing (Gray Gaulding, No. 23 and Corey Lajoie, No. 83): This team has fallen off steadily for the last few seasons; they had days when they were capable of top 30s and the occasional top 25, but haven't looked that way consistently for a few years. While both Gaulding and Lajoie are talented youngsters, this team might have done well with a veteran driver, if one could be found willing to drive struggling equipment.
Premium Motorsports (Reed Sorenson, No. 15 and Derrike Cope/others, No. 55): Sorenson, who has become the team's number one driver, has shown flashes of talent but has never quite panned out. He's been accused of being lackadaisical in the past, but that isn't this team's main problem. While they've had some good showings, team owner Jay Robinson was never really a factor in the XFINITY Series, and the Cup Series is more expensive and more difficult. He's outclassed, and it shows. Cope is certainly a veteran presence but hasn't shown much in their limited schedule. With the field as light as it's been, there's no harm in this team staying the course—the purse money is better than NXS, but they need to find something more to be competitive in this group.
Circle Sport (Jeffrey Earnhardt, No. 33): Earnhardt was a bit of a surprise choice for this team. They turned laps and learned last year, but whether he's experienced enough to really grow the team the way it needs remains to be seen. This is a team populated with good people, but 2017 has been a tough year so far.
Rick Ware Racing (Timmy Hill/others, No. 51): Another smaller NXS team, RWR has perhaps struggled the most in Cup this year. They've enjoyed the luxury of small fields, meaning they make the field every week, and that's a good thing for them as it allows them to log some laps and learn. The hard part is that their inexperienced lineup doesn't have enough time in the series and virtually none in good rides, and that makes it hard for them to give input. They can and will get better, but right now, better means bringing cars that hold together for a full race every week.
Newsworthy
Leavine Family Racing will once again open their doors to some lucky youngsters this summer with the return of Camp 95, a two-day session for high school students to experience different aspects of working in motorsports. Applications can be found on the team's website and open May 1st. The last day to apply is May 31st. Lodging for campers and their families will be provided this year by Hotels for Hope.
“We are excited to bring back CAMP 95 for a third year,” said LFR VP, Jeremy Lange in a team release. “Hearing the feedback and seeing the faces of the high school students who have experienced the event is all it took to want to continue this program. Not sure how we can top last year's CAMP 95 but we are sure going to try. The main goal of the event is to provide a broader look at the NASCAR industry and this year will not disappoint.”
Reed Sorenson has a new sponsor for this weekend's race at Bristol. Low T Center wil be on the hood of the No. 15 for Premium Motorsports this week.
Sponsors returning to cars at Bristol include CSX/Play it safe on the No. 34 of Landon Cassill, Jacob Companies with the No. 38 of David Ragan and Cosmo Motors on the No. 32 of Matt DiBenedetto. RTIC Coolers is back with Cole Whitt after inking a multi-race deal. WRL General Contractors will be on Michael McDowell's No. 95.
Rick Ware Racing announced that Josh Bilicki will pilot the No. 51 at Sonoma and Watkins Glen later this season. Bilicki, who has extensive road racing experience, will make their Cup debut with the team.
“Words can't describe how excited I am to be making my NASCAR Monster Energy Cup debut with Rick Ware Racing,” said Bilicki in a team release. “First, I can't thank Rick enough for giving me this opportunity to get behind the wheel of the No. 51 RWR Chevrolet. Rick, like myself, comes from a road course background, so I feel like this is a very natural fit.
“I've been around the team for several of this season's Cup races and the team is very impressive and are improving every week. I hope to earn some respect from my competitors and turn heads in the process.”
Say anything
Happy Birthday to 2nd generation, 2nd oldest, 2nd place finishing owner at Daytona @Woodchopper21. Proves 2nd isn't a bad thing. 🎉🎁 — Wood Brothers Racing (@woodbrothers21) April 17, 2017
Thanks you. This made my day and that's tough to do when I'm on a boat in the Bahamas. #marrymedaisy https://t.co/pspscRARb9 — Ryan Blaney (@Blaney) April 14, 2017
Eight in 10 middle-aged people either weigh too much, drink too much or don't exercise enough, according to a new study which shows modern life is taking its toll on health.
Obesity in adults has increased 16 per cent in the last 20 years, according to data from Public Health England.
Other health problems have followed with diabetes in this age group also doubling in this period. Obese adults are more than five times more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes than those who are a healthy weight (a body mass index between 18.5 and 25)
Promoting the health body's One You campaign, the research shows that 87 per cent of men and 79 per cent of women aged between 40 and 60 are either overweight or obese, exceed the Chief Medical Officer's (CMO) alcohol guidelines, or are physically inactive.
People are being urged to take a moment to consider their health and the simple steps they can take to improve it in the run up to the New Year, by taking the One You online quiz at http://www.nhs.uk/oneyou/how-are-you
The quiz, called ‘How Are You', takes your lifestyle information, gives you a health score and then links to free localised, personalisable information, apps and tools.
More than 1.1 million people have taken the quiz so far and where appropriate, been directed to download apps like Couch to 5K, Alcohol Checker and Easy Meals.
These sit alongside PHE's other online tools like the Heart Age tool which gives you your ‘heart age' based on your age and lifestyle.
Professor Sir Muir Gray, Clinical Adviser for the One You campaign, said: “The demands of modern day living are taking their toll on the health of the nation, and it's those in middle age that are suffering the consequences most, as their health reaches worrying new levels.
“Over 15 million Britons are living with a long term health condition, and busy lives and desk jobs make it difficult to live healthily. But just making a few small changes will have significant benefits to people's health now and in later life.”
A pirate is lurking in northern Canada, and global warming is only making it stronger.
The Alsek River recently stole water flowing into the Slims River and took it for itself, a phenomenon known as "river piracy" — which scientists blame on a massive retreating glacier distributing water in new ways.
The development is the first known case of river piracy in the modern era, and it's the first to be pinned in part on climate change, researchers wrote in a study published Monday in the journal Nature Geoscience.
It also points to an unexpected consequence of human-caused global warming, which is melting the planet's polar caps at an unprecedented rate.
SEE ALSO: NASA photos capture a strange new crack in a massive Greenland glacier and we might be doomed
"So far, a lot of the scientific work surrounding glaciers and climate change has been focused on sea-level rise," Dan Shugar, the study's lead author and a geoscientist at the University of Washington, Tacoma, said in a news release. "Our study shows there may be other under-appreciated, unanticipated effects of glacial retreat."
View photos A Sept. 2, 2016, photo shows the meltwater stream along the toe of Kaskawulsh Glacier, on the left, that is diverting fresh water from one river to the other. More
Image: Dan Shugar/University of Washington Tacoma
The river piracy began at the edge of the massive Kaskawulsh Glacier, which spans some 15,000 square miles across Canada's Yukon territory. For hundreds of years, the glacier poured meltwater into river basins of the Slims, which ends in the Bering Sea, and the Kaskawulsh, which empties into the Gulf of Alaska.
Researchers found that a new, 100-foot canyon in the glacier's toe had abruptly rerouted meltwater away from a glacial lake that feeds the Slims River and instead delivered that water to the Kaskawulsh River, which feeds the Alsek River.
As a result, the Alsek River — a popular whitewater rafting destination — ran higher than normal last summer, bloated with stolen water.
The Slims River, meanwhile, was rapidly reduced to a trickle. Kluane Lake, which is fed by the river, was so low that residents struggled to launch their boats. Dust swirled in the parched valley, making it hard to fly on certain days, Yukon News reported at the time.
View photos Satellite images in 2015 and 2016 show a dramatic drop in the Slims River's flow. The receding toe of Kaskawulsh Glacier is seen at the bottom. Kluane Lake isseen at the top of the 2016 image. More
Image: European space agency
Shugar and their co-authors, including Jim Best at the University of Illinois and John Clague at Canada's Simon Fraser University, had originally planned to study the Slims River in August 2016.
In South San Francisco right now, engineers are growing diamonds. We are not talking cubic zirconia - these are real diamonds. The manmade gems are virtually identical to diamonds mined from deep in the earth.High tech is now transforming high-end jewelry and a number of bay area businesses are early adopters.Husband and wife team Lindsay Reinsmith and Jason Payne started learning about manmade diamonds when they got engaged five years ago.Reinsmith did not want a traditional diamond because of the difficulty of tracking its origin. They wanted to be sure no environmental damage or human rights issues were associated with the gemstones in their engagement ring.Eventually, they and Payne settled on human-made diamonds, but they were hard to find - so the couple decided to start their own business.A few months ago they launched Ada Diamonds , an on-line business based in Sunnyvale. They sell custom jewelry using human-made diamonds.Sophisticated equipment can now grow gem quality diamonds in just a few weeks. "It's a paragon of human achievement that we can recreate the conditions with which carbon becomes diamond" according to Payne.Ada Diamonds sells diamonds grown in several different laboratories. Advances in technology now allow labs to grow diamonds in a wide range of colors and sizes.But is a diamond grown in a lab real? Brenda Harwick with the Gemological Institute of America says yes. Lab diamonds "have the same physical, chemical and optical properties as a natural diamond that's grown in the earth over billions of years" according to Harwick.Prices for manmade diamonds are generally 20 to 40 percent less than mined diamonds. But Martin Roscheisen of the Diamond Foundry in South San Francisco says it actually costs more to grow a diamond in a lab than to dig it out of the ground. Roscheisen says growing diamonds is extremely difficult which is why companies like theirs keep the exact details secret. Brilliant Earth in San Francisco sells both diamonds that are certified as "ethically mined" and lab grown diamonds. The lab diamonds are still just a tiny slice of the business, but interest is growing.Kathryn Money with Brilliant Earth says manmade gems are "are resonating particularly well with millennials because they are beautiful, responsible and affordable.Lab-grown diamonds still have the same type of imperfections as mined diamonds. So if you are thinking of buying one, experts say you should get the same kind of independent certification that's available for natural diamonds.
As readers nurse their hangovers this morning – yes, that really did happen – spare a thought for the lefties of Twitter who were supporting Colombia. Top Corbynista Ellie Mae O'Hagan, who to be fair is Welsh, was not a fan of yesterday's Sun front page and accordingly called for England to be “thrashed”:
So seriously, fuck headlines like this. And vamos Colombia esta noche; I hope England get thrashed. pic.twitter.com/OF1jWWIlab — Ellie Mae O'Hagan (@MissEllieMae) July 3, 2018
Kevin Maguire sent this premature tweet when it looked like it might not be coming home:
That sound is Germany laughing at English fans who laughed at Germany going out. They do have a word for schadenfreude #EngCol — Kevin Maguire (@Kevin_Maguire) July 3, 2018
Guardian writer and fellow Welshwoman Dawn Foster, who is supporting England's quarter final opponents Sweden, spent the evening at a Sinn Fein event and gave their backing to the Colombian fans:
Meanwhile the New Statesman published a piece by Rachel Cockerell, who “spent three months in Colombia last year”, headlined: “I hope England lose tonight”.
Sorry Ellie Mae, Dawn, Kev, Rachel, your boys took one hell of a beating…
13:10 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Jewish school essentials from Israel: 10 Top Picks for 5778 Read more 10 must-haves for this year's back-to-school shopping season. ► ◄ Last Briefs
The following material contains mature subject matter. Viewer discretion is advised.
Nancy was a school bus driver, charged with the safety of preschool students. But on a seemingly ordinary workday, their world was ripped apart by a false allegation against them – an allegation that led to 14 years of prison time.
A mother charged that Nancy had taken their daughter to Nancy's boyfriend's house, where they were molested. Nancy's accuser went first to other parents and then to the media and finally to the mayor to demand Nancy's arrest. “It was like a witch-hunt,” Nancy says. They were handcuffed in front of their children and taken to jail. “They treated me like some criminal.”
Watch: Life After a Wrongful Conviction
When Nancy came to trial 10 months later, the allegations against them had become more elaborate, involving multiple children and abuse including stabbing them with needles and forcing them to drink urine. “These kids were coerced, obviously,” into giving their testimony, Nancy says. Nonetheless, they were convicted and sentenced to 30 to 90 years.
About five or seven years into their sentence, Nancy's case was taken up by the Ohio Innocence Project. “These are people that, when you're sitting in that prison cell and you don't think you have hope, these are people that come in there and bring you a little bit,” Nancy says. In 2009, Nancy was brought before a judge for resentencing, at which point they said, “I have absolutely no confidence in the verdict that was brought against Miss Smith and I am therefore acquitting them of all charges.”
Watch: Man Wrongfully Imprisoned for 39 Years
“I did 14-and-a-half years,” Nancy concludes. “But no matter what, I'm free and I'm home.” However, they had to agree not to sue the state or seek redress in court. “It will always be with you,” they conclude. “This is something I will live with for the rest of my life.”
"To read more about the stories of Ricky, Nancy and Clarence, and to learn about wrongful conviction and its causes, read Mark Godsey's Blind Injustice, a best-selling new release on Amazon.com. Join the Blind Injustice Facebook Group, here.
MAHWAH, N.J. (AP) — A New Jersey town accused of discriminating against Orthodox Jews from nearby New York state approved a settlement Tuesday with a group that sued over a religious boundary built with white plastic piping on utility poles.
Mahwah Township's council voted 5-2 Tuesday to settle the suit from the Bergen Rockland Eruv Association after two hours of private legal discussion, the Record reports . The settlement will remain confidential pending approval from the group, says Mahwah Township Attorney Brian Chewcaskie.
The lawsuit was sparked by a now-reversed township ordinance that would have effectively banned the building of an eruv, a religious boundary that some Orthodox Jews rely on to perform tasks on the Sabbath including carrying bags and pushing strollers.
The eruv ban and a separate ordinance that would have restricted parks and playgrounds to local residents were reversed in December after Mahwah was sued by the state attorney general.
The ban was prompted by some town residents' complaints about overcrowding at the parks and their use by Orthodox Jewish families coming from towns across the nearby New York border.
The Bergen Rockland Eruv Association alleged the ban was an attempt to keep Orthodox Jews from New York out of Mahwah. The eruv association received licenses from the utility company Orange & Rockland before installing the pipes, according to group's attorneys.
Many Mahwah residents voiced concerns during the legal fight that the expanded eruv meant an influx of Orthodox Jews along with overcrowding and a stressed school system similar to Lakewood. Democratic U.S. Sen. Cory Booker labeled the opposition as anti-Semitic.
Council President Robert Hermansen, who has denied the measures were motivated by anti-Semitism, said that the settlement was the best option for the township.
"This is a good town with good people, and we're making this decision for good people," said Hermansen.
Council members Janet Ariemma and James Wysocki voted against the settlement. Some residents who attended Tuesday's meeting called on the council members to fight against the eruv all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court if needed.
"I know the judge and the New Jersey attorney general are trying to force you to resolve this matter immediately. Do not bow to their attempts to coerce action," said resident Ralph Fusco. "You have an army of people ready to support you."
___
Information from: The Record (Woodland Park, N.J.), http://www.northjersey.com
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
The iMac Pro (and Mac Pro) will be priced out of range for most Mac enthusiasts, and that's a Good Thing. Here's the explanation.
For a long, long time, Apple built Macs that were geared for two kinds of people. There has been and still is the everyday consumer who appreciates a quality desktop or portable, but doesn't need a top-of-the-line system. Affordability and simplicity are paramount.
The second group was and is the technical professionals. These pro users needed more expandability and more power, but accepted a premium price. The thing is, however, that while those high-end Macs were used in the office, they were still generally affordable by most technical professionals for use at home as well.
Remember the famous 2 x 2 product matrix that Steve Jobs devised soon after they returned to Apple? I, and many others, who were working professionals could nevertheless afford the Power Mac G3, then G4. Even PowerMac G5. Here's that matrix:
Meanwhile, companies like Sun, HP and SGI were selling really powerful UNIX workstaitons in the US$10,000 range. If you had one of those at work, you knew it's power, but a “Pro” Mac at home was good enough.
Associated with this, I think, there was a little bit if hubris. The high-end Macs were very sexy. To have one made the user feel as if they were at least dabbling in the middlin' to high end of the home or office desktop workstation market because it was the best Apple had.
As time went on, these PowerMacs, PowerBooks, then Mac Pros and MacBook Pros continued their heritage as powerful, prestigious tools for all kinds of pro users, whether bought by the workplace or purchased out of personal funds. And so it went.
Flash Forward
On June 5, 2017, all that changed. Apple, in its WWDC keynote, telegraphed that it was listening to the technical and creative professionals. Apple reaffirmed, in a tangible way, its commitment to the Mac with updates to the MacBook and iMac line, but it went one step further.
Apple presented us with the iMac Pro which is scheduled to ship in December. This Mac, with Xeon CPUs, oodles of RAM (up to 128 GB) and Radeon Pro Vega graphics is not just a high-end Mac. It's a serious, serious desktop supercomputer to drool over.
And, truth be told, most people who had been buying those high-end Mac desktops out of their own pocket won't be able to afford the iMac Pro.
A Very Good Thing
And, no, it's not overpriced. Our Jeff Butts address that here: “No, the iMac Pro Apple Tax Isn't a Real Thing.” One will have to pay pretty much the same to buy an equivalent computer from HP or Dell.
Think about it. For the first time, (well maybe the second time), Apple is focusing on a workstation to be easily purchased by developers, universities, government agencies, and corporations that most technical professionals would never think of owning for personal use and couldn't afford if they did.
I claim this is a Good Thing. At least, Apple is pulling out the stops. Apple is delivering a very, very capable iMac Pro that will have scientists, researchers, engineers, architects, and designers pounding on their boss's desk with approval paperwork.
The same thing will happen when Apple ships the next Mac Pro. Even though it won't have a built-in display, it's going to be very expensive as well. It may cost even more than the iMac Pro. No one knows right now.
What we do know is that Apple has re-discovered Mac religion and is willing to recapture the influencers and technical professionals who had given up on Apple or were threatening to leave the fold.
The fact that most technical professionals won't be able to afford one of these Macs for use at home should provide us a great sense of relief and admiration for Apple. The company has given the pros something to crow about in the workplace where, after all, time is money. Recognizing that, the organization foots the bill.
As for the rest of us? A modern 5K iMac can do all that we need on the desktop. Even if we glance sideways and smile in admiration at the new, seriously pro-level Halo Macs that will remain well beyond our means.
That's cause for celebration, not a claim of sour grapes.
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador (AP) — El Salvador's Supreme Court is putting the brakes on a constitutional change that would bar same-sex marriage.
The ruling blocks lawmakers from ratifying the measure, which also would constitutionally recognize matrimony as being between a man and a woman "born that way" and prohibit same-sex couples from adopting children.
The Legislative Assembly approved the measure in April 2015. For it to be ratified, it would need 56 of the 84 lawmakers in the current assembly to vote in favor.
The Supreme Court ruled Wednesday there were procedural missteps as it was fast-tracked through the assembly and voted on "urgently" with just days left in the session.
The court said that was improper for a constitutional change and there was no opportunity for the public to be informed and weigh in.
It's a challenging time for small business owners. Faced with the possible repeal of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), many are rethinking their healthcare coverage and doing comparison shopping. Healthcare plans, even those offered to small businesses through SHOP, vary from state to state. However, small business owners are exploring every insurance option, from government to direct marketplace.
Shopping for health insurance through SHOP
Although ACA is in limbo, SHOP is still a good resource for small business health insurance. Small businesses with up to 50 employees can enroll through private group health insurance plans under SHOP. Self-employed individuals who wish to purchase an ACA healthcare plan can choose individual or family healthcare coverage through the government health insurance exchange. SHOP has a list of agents and brokers in all states, many of whom also sell private healthcare plans outside of the national health insurance network.
A few SHOP basics
Small businesses interested in a SHOP market health insurance plan should note that according to the Overview of The SHOP Marketplace, “The Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) Marketplace is for small employers who want to provide health and dental insurance to their employees — affordably, flexibly, and conveniently. To use the SHOP Marketplace, your business or non-profit organization must have 50 or fewer full-time equivalent employees (FTEs). You don't have to wait for an open enrollment period. You can start offering SHOP insurance to your employees any time of year.”
The self-employed needn't despair
Self employment insurance can be expensive in the private sector. However, with assistance and a little advice from resources such as SHOP, the self-employed aren't entirely going it alone. According to the self-employed section of the government's healthcare website, “If you're self-employed, you can use the individual Health Insurance Marketplace to enroll in flexible, high-quality health coverage that works well for people who run their own businesses. You can enroll through the Marketplace if you're a freelancer, consultant, independent contractor, or other self-employed worker who doesn't have any employees.”
The self-employed, in addition to looking for low-cost health insurance, can take advantage of tax credits to reduce healthcare premiums. According to the Health Insurance Marketplace, “When you fill out a Marketplace application, you'll find out if you qualify for premium tax credits and other savings on a health plan. This will be based on your income and household size.”
Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP and employee retiree benefits
Being low income, retired or a retiree beneficiary is no obstacle to individuals intent on becoming a business owner. For those who qualify, Medicaid and CHIP are 4enrolling in these programs. Older small business owners qualify for Medicare if age 62 or older. Those who receive retiree benefits from a former employer can use their retiree health coverage combined with Medicare if they qualify.
Private health insurance directly from the market
Many private insurance companies offer health plans to the self-employed and small business owners with less than 50 employees. The more innovative plans, however, can be more cost effective than the SHOP market plans. Small businesses that can afford the premiums would be purchasing directly through healthcare insurance providers.
Employer health insurance
Small business owners who qualify for neither low income nor retiree benefits often pull in extra income and receive health coverage from an employer. This is usually because they prefer not to choose an Affordable Care Act plan.
Private health savings account
A health savings account can be purchased directly from a bank or health insurance company if not offered through a retiree or employer benefits plan. Some banks offer health insurance savings accounts as an extra customer perk. Contribution to a health savings account is an allowable tax deduction.
Veterans Health Benefits
The Civilian Health and Medical Program of the Department of Veteran's Affairs (CHAMPUSVA) was created to help veterans enroll in a healthcare program. If under age 65, they can acquire health coverage outside the VA network through CHAMPUS, a federally funded healthcare program revamped and renamed Tricare.
This article was written by Linda Cameron for CBS Small Business Pulse.
Roux: The memo discredits their own conspiracy theory. The dossier was not the motivating factor for any of the investigations. Carter page was being investigated before they were a apart of Team Trump and the information from George Papadopoulos is what started the investigation into the Trump campaign, not the Steele dossier.
TOKYO (AP) — Shares fell in Asia on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates, as expected. Lower oil prices took a toll on energy-related shares across the region and property developers led the decline in Hong Kong.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index fell 0.2 percent to 19,838.86 and South Korea's Kospi sank 0.6 percent to 2,358.66. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong dropped 1.0 percent to 25,621.26 and Shanghai's Composite index edged 0.1 percent lower to 3,128.21. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia tumbled 1.2 percent to 5,761.00. Shares in Southeast Asia also were mostly lower.
RATE HIKE: The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time since December, something investors had widely expected based on the Fed's recent statements. Fed leaders suggested they still expect to raise rates again later in the year.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "Asian markets were seen broadly lower this morning, taking little cues from overnight markets. The drop in crude oil prices and the corresponding unloading of energy shares in the region, meanwhile, seems to be the primary drag on regional bourses," Jingyi Pan of IG said in a commentary.
HONG KONG: The Hong Kong Monetary Authority raised interest rates after the Fed's move, to help keep the territory's currency at a stable rate against the U.S. dollar. That spurred selling of real estate developers' shares.
U.S. DATA: The Commerce Department said retail spending decreased in May, surprising experts and prompting investors to buy traditionally safe assets like government bonds and high-dividend companies and sell stocks from other industries that depend more on economic growth. Bond yields hit their lowest level of 2017.
WALL STREET ON WEDNESDAY: The Standard & Poor's 500 index edged 0.1 percent lower, to 2,437.92. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.2 percent, to a record 21,374.56. Home Depot and Goldman Sachs contributed most of the blue-chip index's gain. After a late tumble in technology stocks, the Nasdaq composite lost 0.4 percent, to 6,194.89.
ENERGY: Oil futures plunged overnight after the U.S. government said oil supplies shrank only slightly last week while gasoline stockpiles grew. Benchmark U.S. crude fell another 2 cents to $44.71 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It fell $1.73, or 3.7 percent, to settle at $44.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rebounded, gaining 6 cents higher to $47.06 a barrel. It had shed $1.72, or 3.5 percent, to close at $47 a barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 109.64 from 109.57 yen. The euro edged up to $1.1218 from $1.1217.
Gas prices rose eight cents a gallon over the past week as refiners switched over to summer blends of gasoline.
AAA Mid-Atlantic reported the price at the pump for regular rose to $2.37 a gallon. That compares to $2.23 a month ago and $2.02 a year ago.
In addition to the switch to summer blends, refinery maintenance, and increased driving in the spring and summer, the oil market has been affected production cuts by OPEC and other oil producers.
The impact of the OPEC production cuts has been limited by production increases from U.S. producers that have been able to cut costs.
Bargains were available in the Kirkwood Highway area between Wilmington and Newark, with independent stations offering prices between $2.17 and $2.20 a gallon.
Outgoing Air Force Commander Amir Eshel said, Monday evening, "The Air Force gives the Israel Defense Forces unprecedented power," according to Yediot Ahronot.
Speaking at the ceremony for handing over command of the Air Force to General Amikam Norkin, Eshel continued, "Our enemies do not imagine its quality and scope. If we have to fight, they will be seriously surprised by our timing and the results."
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Noted UAE-based business person and philanthropist, Dr. Bavaguthu Raghuram Shetty announced the creation of “Finablr”, a new holding company which, subject to regulatory approvals, will consolidate their global portfolio of financial services brands under one single umbrella. Incorporated in the UK, Finablr will provide strategic direction and oversight for the category-leading brands across its network.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005741/en/
Finablr Leadership Team (L-R): Binay Shetty (Executive Director, Finablr), Dr. B.R. Shetty (Founder and Chairman, Finablr) and Promoth Manghat (Executive Director, Finablr) (Photo: AETOSWire)
Finablr also seeks to drive financial enablement and empowerment by accelerating customer-focused technology innovation through R&D efforts, industry ecosystem engagements, investments and potential acquisitions. As a diversified network, Finablr will combine the cumulative industry expertise of its trusted network brands including UAE Exchange, Travelex, Xpress Money etc. to deliver innovative-technology-driven and market-leading experiences. As a platform of complementary capabilities, the Finablr network will facilitate seamless and connected experiences for individuals and enterprises.
With over four decades of industry experience, 18,000+ employees, and handling more than 150 Million customer transactions annually, the Finablr network brands boast an impressive global footprint. Collectively touching over a billion lives through its retail stores, agents and digital channels, the Finablr network brands have a direct presence in 45 countries and a network reach across 165 countries. Technology innovation and integration into the new economy is key to Finablr's growth strategy.
Commenting on the announcement, Finablr Founder and Chairman, Dr. B.R. Shetty, said: “Finablr is driven by our desire to lead the evolution of the financial services industry to meet the customer demands of tomorrow. Our strength comes from over four decades of trust that we have built with our customers through a track record of innovation and excellence in service. Through investment in research and technology, we will bring forth game-changing products and services across our portfolio of brands, to ensure we maintain our competitive edge. We are inspired by our customers and Finablr will focus on creating an engaged customer community.”
Binay Shetty, Executive Director at Finablr, explained: “Finablr will bring together the strengths across its network brands and investments in digital technologies to build scalable, cost-efficient customer propositions to enable and empower them. We see Finablr as an innovation platform that converges the strengths and capabilities of our network companies and a range of ecosystem partners. In effect, we are bringing together leading-edge capabilities across people, processes and technology.”
In its efforts to embrace new technologies that transform the way customers and businesses engage, Finablr is setting up Innovation Hubs ( i-Hubs ) across its global network. i-Hubs will identify disruptive trends in the industry and implement innovations that deliver enhanced business benefits to its network of brands. Through its investment arm, Finablr will seek to acquire capabilities that complement its portfolio through inorganic pursuits. The Finablr investment arm will continue the inorganic pursuits on behalf of its network brands, including strategic investments and acquisitions plans (of USD 250-300 Million) announced by UAE Exchange.
, Executive Director at Finablr, added: “As a network of category-leading and trusted brands, Finablr is uniquely positioned to lead the future of financial services for a seamless world. Keeping the innovation agenda squarely in sight, we have started our journey by collaborating with strategic partners and globally-renowned industry accelerator programmes. The formation of i-Hubs builds upon our early investments in technology and accelerates our pace in delivering cutting-edge solutions. Moreover, on the investment front, we are constantly on the lookout for the right opportunities that help further our innovation efforts be it on the industry capability or the technology side.”
Finablr has also announced the intent to rebrand the non-UAE operations of UAE Exchange as “Unimoni. Short for “Universal Money”, Unimoni will offer a broad spectrum of financial services and will build on the brand equity and legacy of UAE Exchange.
*Source:
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005741/en/
CONTACT: Finablr
Lahcen Aterta, +971-55-6611849
Manager Media Relations
press.office@finablr.com
KEYWORD: UNITED ARAB EMIRATES NORTH AMERICA CANADA MIDDLE EAST
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FINANCE
SOURCE: Finablr
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:55 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:55 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005741/en
(MRN) Kyle Larson's Chevrolet split a pair of Toyotas on the final restart Sunday and charged up the middle of the racetrack – carrying the Chip Ganassi Racing driver to victory at Michigan International Speedway and moving them into some very select company. Larson becomes just the third Cup Series competitor to win three straight races in the track's forty-nine-year history, joining Hall of Famers Bill Elliott and David Pearson. The Furniture Row Racing tandem of Martin Truex Junior and Erik Jones lined up on the front row for the day's final restart. Larson was right behind in Row-2. At the drop of the green flag, they stormed past Jones to their left and boldly dispatched Truex to their right – driving off to fourth career win. Three of those victories have come on the two-mile Irish Hills oval, now including a season sweep in 2017. Larson started ninth on Sunday and led only once, for the final two laps. Their margin of victory over Truex was thirty-one one-hundredths of a second. Jones took third place with Ryan Newman and Trevor Bayne completing the top five. Pole winner Brad Keselowski won the first stage and led a race-high 105 laps before fading to seventeenth at the checkered flag.
Despite finishing only twenty-fourth, Matt Kenseth tightened their hold on the final playoff spot by adding three points to their advantage over Clint Bowyer, who is now thirty-one below the cutoff with three races left in the regular season.
Sunday's race included fourteen lead changes, four more than the June M-I-S race produced.
There were five cautions for twenty-six laps.
NASCAR CUP SERIES
Top 10 Finishers in the Pure Michigan 400
DRIVER STARTING POSITION LAPS LED
1. Kyle Larson (9) 2
2. Martin Truex Jr. (13) 57
3. Erik Jones (R) (8) 5
4. Ryan Newman (25) —
5. Trevor Bayne (21) —
6. Chris Buescher (20) —
7. Austin Dillon (17) —
8. Chase Elliott (5) —
9. Jamie McMurray (7) —
10. Kyle Busch (6) 14
NASCAR CUP SERIES Unofficial Point Standings After 23 Races
DRIVER POINTS BEHIND LEADER
1. Martin Truex Jr. (4) 933 —-
2. Kyle Larson (3) 804 -129
3. Kyle Busch (1) 797 -136
4. Kevin Harvick (1) 787 -146
5. Brad Keselowski (2) 720 -213
6. Denny Hamlin (1) 710 -223
7. Chase Elliott 685 -248
8. Jamie McMurray 675 -258
9. Matt Kenseth 654 -279
10. Clint Bowyer 623 -310
11. Jimmie Johnson (3) 592 -341
Ryan Blaney (1) 592 -341
13. Joey Logano (1) 556 -377
14. Kurt Busch (1) 554 -379
15. Ryan Newman (1) 536 -397
16. Erik Jones (R) 524 -409
17. Daniel Suarez (R) 515 -418
18. Ricky Stenhouse Jr. (2) 505 -428
19. Trevor Bayne 440 -493
20. Kasey Kahne (1) 438 -495
By on July 24, 2014
Philippines
The project was successful in producing a primer on the G20 's emerging role in global governance and the implications of its development agenda and actions on the lives of people especially the impoverished and marginalized. The primer was trnaslated into 5 languages: Spanish, French, Hindi, Marathi and Bahasa and was distributed mainly with the help of IBON's partner organizations and platforms in Asia, Africa and Latin America,a s well a through participation in major global and regional events. While it is too early to judge the impact of the primer in terms of raising civil society organizations' capacity to engage their government and the G20 process itself, it is expected that this will help catalyze discussions towards common civil society demands and positions vis-à-vis the G20 agenda and encourage more civil society groups to critically engage governmentes and the G20 to promote development policies that will address the structural roots of poverty, inequity and injustice.
Project 1434
IFEX network cites Reporters Without Borders analysis
The Toronto-based IFEX network notes in a website story that “there are far too many countries where news and content providers constantly face a very special and formidable form of censorship, one exercised in the name of religion or even God.”
With increasing frequency, IFEX says, this desire to thwart freedom of information invokes the hard-to-define and very subjective concept of the “feelings of believers.”
Reporters Without Borders has analyzed this issue and offered its recommendations in a report entitled “Information sacrificed on altar of religion.” Citing many cases that RWB has monitored in the Middle East, Africa, Asia and even some parts of Europe (the western hemisphere is the exception), the report tackles the issue from three angles, IFEX notes.
The first part describes the often cruel violations of the right to know that are carried out in the name of defending what is sacred, and shows how use of the religious bludgeon against journalists and bloggers above all serves political interests. In fact, religious censorship is rarely used to suppress actual blasphemy or violation of dogma.
In the Iran of the mullahs, the Persian Gulf emirates and even in those countries where Orthodox Christian patriarchs still wield considerable influence, journalists are branded as heretics as soon as they dare to describe the far-from-holy practices of the regime and its clergy. And if they dare to denounce the atrocities of an armed Islamist group in Pakistan, Bangladesh or Nigeria, they are gunned down as infidels even when they are Muslims.
Although used for political ends, religion often carries real weight in societies where no boundary between the spiritual and secular is recognized. When an Omani publication quoted gays as saying they were better off in Oman than in neighboring divine-right petro-monarchies, it was accused of promoting “moral depravity” and therefore “sacrilege.” Subjects such as the role of women, sexuality and reproduction – all markers of secularization – are surrounded by taboos, the RWB analysis notes.
'The room disappears': Here's what experts say Mandalay Bay will most likely do with the shooter's hotel suite
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Hold on to your popcorn, because your movie experience just got a whole lot better! Beginning this Friday, April 27, movie audiences nationwide can play big screen interactive augmented reality (AR) games on their mobile phones by using Noovie ARcade, the revolutionary new companion app for the Noovie pre-show.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005672/en/
Noovie ARcade is available free in the iTunes and Google Play stores from National CineMedia (NCM), America's Movie Network. The first of its kind, Noovie ARcade gives movie fans the chance to enjoy a gaming experience like no other while waiting for their feature film to start on over 20,800 movie screens in over 1,650 top theaters nationwide, including AMC, Cinemark, Regal Entertainment Group, and 50 other regional and local exhibitors.
To play, audiences only need to download the app and arrive at their local theater early to catch the Noovie pre-show, which will prompt viewers to open the app and aim their phones at the big screen when it's time to play. Then, through their mobile phone, the movie theater will transform into a larger-than-life game setting! After the game, audiences can check the leaderboard to see how they rank and share their score with friends.
The Noovie ARcade app will feature a variety of game formats, including shooting, catching, and tossing games. New games will be continuously rolled out starting this summer.
Noovie ARcade Launch Games Include:
Cinevaders – A galactic wormhole opens up and aliens pour out to invade the theater. It's up to the player to use powerful lasers to protect the theater from certain destruction. Emoji Escape – The emojis in your phone have escaped and are wreaking havoc in the theater lobby. Catch them all before they run off with all your favorite concessions.
“When we launched our new Noovie pre-show last year, our goal was to enhance the moviegoing experience and give audiences a reason to arrive early to discover what's next in entertainment,” said Andy England, CEO of National CineMedia (NCM). “Gaming is a favorite activity of movie fans, so we wanted to give them a fun and unique way to interact with Noovie on the big screen through mobile augmented reality while they are waiting for their movie to start.” They added, “But, of course, Noovie will still remind people to silence their cell phones and put them away before the feature presentation!”
“Augmented reality unlocks immersive gaming experiences that are super fun and easy to play, and keep people coming back for more. Our mobile phones are the ultimate game controller and the movie theater auditorium is the ultimate gaming environment,” said Lawrence Snapp, NCM's Chief Digital Officer & SVP, Corporate Development.
Noovie ARcade game play premiered this week in Las Vegas to an audience of A-lister talent and movie insiders at CinemaCon, the largest and most important gathering for the worldwide motion picture theater industry.
About National CineMedia (NCM)
National CineMedia (NCM) is America's Movie Network. As the #1 Millennial weekend network in the U.S., NCM is the connector between brands and movie audiences. According to Nielsen, more than 700 million moviegoers annually attend theaters that are currently under contract to present NCM's Noovie pre-show in 50 leading national and regional theater circuits including AMC Entertainment Inc. (NYSE:AMC), Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CNK) and Regal Entertainment Group. NCM's cinema advertising network offers broad reach and unparalleled audience engagement with over 20,800 screens in over 1,650 theaters in 187 Designated Market Areas® (all of the top 50). NCM Digital goes beyond the big screen, extending in-theater campaigns into online and mobile marketing programs to reach entertainment audiences. National CineMedia, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCMI) owns a 48.6% interest in, and is the managing member of, National CineMedia, LLC. For more information about National CineMedia, visit www.ncm.com.
For more information about Noovie ARcade, and to test the game play, visit www.Noovie.com.
This press release contains various forward-looking statements that reflect management's current expectations or beliefs regarding future events, including statements about the timing of the Noovie ARcade launch and movie audience reception. Investors are cautioned that reliance on these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Although the Company believes that the assumptions used in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements are, among others, hardware and software technology issues with the testing and implementation of this service and audience acceptance of the app and Noovie ARcade experience.
Noovie ARcade images and video for press use can be downloaded at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005672/en/
CONTACT: National CineMedia (NCM)
Amy Jane Finnerty
212-931-8117
917-647-6760 cell
amy.finnerty@ncm.com
or
Berk Communications for NCM
ncm@berkcommunications.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE FILM & MOTION PICTURES GENERAL ENTERTAINMENT MOBILE ENTERTAINMENT
SOURCE: National CineMedia, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005672/en
Close Get email notifications on Marissa Barnett daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever Marissa Barnett posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
Water quality has remained stable but forest cover in the Thames river watershed has declined slightly, a new report from the Upper Thames River Conservation Authority says.
The good news in London is water quality at the fork of the Thames, although still low, has improved the past five years.
The trees we're planting are for future forest cover Quinlan said.
Every five years the conservation authority releases report cards for the 28 sub-watersheds it manages, with grades for forest conditions and water quality.
The individual report cards are to be released Wednesday, but the conservation authority provided an overall assessment Monday.
It concludes that the Upper Thames watershed, through an agricultural and urban stretch of Ontario, is mostly holding its own.
Forest condition grades range from C to F, with D being the most common grade, the conservation authority's terrestrial biologist Cathy Quinlan said. Individual grades haven't changed since the last report in 2012, but overall forest coverage declined 2.1 per cent during 10 years, investigators found, using digital mapping for the first time to analyze the loss.
From 2000 to 2010, about 800 hectares of forest cover were cleared for other uses, such as urban development, agriculture, and aggregate extraction, the report said.
“Forests are being lost a little bit here and a little bit there,” Quinlan said. “It is disheartening.”
Planting programs have put trees on 324 hectares in the same time period, but it takes 20 to 50 years for planted trees to be counted as forest cover.
“The trees we're planting are for future forest cover,” Quinlan said.
Forest cover is considered a key measuring tool for watershed quality for two reasons. Healthy and connected forests support a range of terrestrial species. Second, forests filter runoff, slow erosion and shade water, adding to water quality, Quinlan said.
The best grades for forest cover, C, went to the Dorchester, Komoka Creek, River Bend watersheds in the London area and Trout Creek in St. Marys.
The poorest grade, F, went to the North Mitchell and Whirl Creek watersheds in Mitchell.
Water quality grades in the 28 sub-watersheds range from C to D, again with minimal change from the 2012 report cards, the conservation authority's water quality specialist, Karen Maaskant, said.
No watershed scores have declined in the past five years and scores in two areas improved, they said.
“We've seen improvement in the Thames River over the long term, when we look back 60 or 70 years. In the last 20 years, it's been a bit of a levelling off and a plateau in the last five to ten years,” Maaskant said.
There's only so much river quality can be improved in an area full of farms and urban areas, they said.
“This is really a developed part of the province. This watershed is no different than our neighbouring watersheds for land use, and the results we're getting.”
The two areas that showed improvement in water quality are the fork of the Thames in London and Otter Creek.
Watersheds getting the best grades in 2017 for water quality were Plover Mills (a stretch from St. Marys to London), Komoka Creek and the Middle Thames in the Thamesford area.
Although it improved, the fork of the Thames shared lowest grade honours with Cedar Creek in Woodstock and Reynolds Creek, south of Ingersoll.
rrichmond@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyatLFPress
ASBURY PARK, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — At least eleven swimmers have drowned at the Jersey Shore this summer, and the National Weather Service says six of those deaths were caused by rip currents.
As CBS2's Meg Baker reported, a number of factors contributed to the increased risk.
Colin Kabula and their dad Rob said they have been extra cautious when it comes to swimming in Asbury Park.
“Last time we were here there was a strong rip current. They only let you go out to your knees,” Rob said.
Joe Bongiovanni, the beach safety director in Asbury Park, is in favor of beach replenishment, but said it's a contributing factor in making this year's life-guarding duties the most challenging he's seen in 50 years of service.
“It seems to have made the beaches a lot shallower, a lot more sand bar action out there,” they said.
It can be deceiving to swimmers who may think they are safe because they can still touch the bottom.
To protect swimmers, lifeguards have moved flags in closer to their stands, and added after hours patrols.
In Belmar a 12-year-old girl and their 13-year-old cousin drowned in June, before lifeguards were on duty for the season.
“We try to keep them in close because the further a person goes out, the further a lifeguard has to go to help them if they get in trouble,” lifeguard supervisor Ray Elms said.
A concern in Asbury Park is the notching of the jetties, meaning rocks were being taken away from the middle, allowing water to rush through.
The Army Corps of Engineers removed parts of the jetty or groin to allow sand to slow naturally between the beaches.
“It allows that to happen, but created a narrow gap, so a lot of water has to rush through a small space and increases the speed of water,” Bongiovanni said.
That creates a rip.
Mother Nature is a major influencer of rip currents too — the air pattern this summer has consistently caused on onshore flow.
“It pushes the water towards the coast. The more water you push, the water has to come out as water comes away from the coast rip currents form,” NOAA meteorologist Joe Miketta said.
A couple more weeks of summer to go and the swimming season often goes beyond Labor Day — which can be even more dangerous as lifeguards go off duty.
All of this year's drownings have happened after hours.
The Army Corps of Engineers said there is no scientific research they are aware of that correlates beach nourishment with rip currents.
The Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) on Tuesday has given Vice President Leni Robredo a briefing on Information and Security at AFP General Headquarters in Quezon City.
In a joint statement by the AFP, Department of National Defense (DND), and Office of the Vice President, Robredo was made aware of the “capabilities the AFP now possesses, the security challenges it faces and copes in various mission areas locally and abroad, and the AFP's way forward in its firm and continuing commitment to bring about conditions for peace, progress, and security for the country with the support of other Departments, local governments, and their respective constituents.”
The said engagement was arranged by the DND and the OVP last week.
ADVERTISEMENT
Robredo gave their support for AFP uniformed personnel and civilian employees and expressed satisfaction over the accomplishments of the military.
Meanwhile, Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana also expressed the “continuing and unwavering loyalty and commitment” of the DND and AFP to the “Constitution and the duly constituted authorities.”
“Every member of the Department, the Soldiers, Airmen, Sailors and Marines will have no reservations to perpetuate its mandate of ensuring the defense and security of the state and the protection of its sovereignty and territorial integrity,” they said.
Uproxx Studios / Island Records / Universal
After the bonanza of high-profile releases that dominated the month of June, it'd be understandable to feel a sense of letdown. After all, not only did the prior month of hip-hop releases include the expected torrent of GOOD Music albums from the likes of Pusha T, Kid Cudi, Teyana Taylor, Nas, and Kanye West, Drake, Jay Rock, ASAP Rocky, and Future all dropped anticipated projects, while Jay-Z and Beyonce shocked the world (and rained on poor Nas' parade) with the surprise release of their joint album.
With all those big names packed into such a relatively short span of time, the last month has been a hip-hop head's dream come true, but it's also been pretty overwhelming. Now that it's all over, though, the calm after the proverbial storm has created opportunities for lower profile artists to begin to chip away at the public's attention. It's a great time for new artists and older artists looking to rebuild their reputations to put out their own low stakes offerings for a fanbase that might e looking for a break from the big release extravagance.
Which might be why Iggy Azalea and BOB have both chosen this week to release their under-the-radar projects, perhaps hoping to use the lull to give potential fans a chance to discover their new music and repair their damaged reputations. Both have been maligned recently after bad promotional runs and social media faux pas that left them languishing in rap music's metaphorical dog house. However, there's no better time than now to check them out and see if their latest musical offerings can lift them back into fans' good graces.
It's also a great time to check out some up-and-comers who may not have received a whole bunch of publicity to this point in their careers, like Lil Pete, or international stars making their first inroads to the US market, such as Nasty C. Finally, it seems there's at least one bigger name with a mysterious agenda left over from June's shenanigans, with Jaden Smith subtly promoting an album with a lot of potential to reshape their perception among fans of straight-up rap.
TUSTIN Five poised eighth-graders from Girl Scout Troop 3562 each took the podium at the City Council meeting to explain their stand against smoking in parks.
Council members listened – unanimously approving the first reading of a proposed ban on Tuesday, Oct. 3. The final vote is slated for Oct. 17.
Tustin already forbids tobacco use in its buildings, as dictated by California law since 2004. The new ordinance not only will expand that reach to the great outdoors but also to electronic cigarettes and, as an added precaution, marijuana.
“Cigarettes and e-cigarettes can encourage children and young teens to think it is OK to smoke,” Maya Delatorre, who attends Pioneer Middle School, told the council.
Ravi Choudhuri, advocacy manager for the American Lung Association's Tustin-based Orange County chapter, began with remarks about the health risks of cigarettes to both smokers and those around them.
“There is no safe level of tobacco exposure,” Choudhuri said. “Smoking is still the leading cause of preventable deaths in our country.”
Choudhuri said that in California, 20,000 young people pick up the smoking habit each year.
And although e-cigarettes allow users to inhale nicotine without producing second-hand smoke, they said, they present their own dangers and set a bad example for children.
Between 2010 and 2014, nicotine overdose from vaping increased 300 percent, Choudhuri said.
Banning cigarettes from public settings “is not about citations” and police enforcement, they said. Rather, “no smoking” signs empower people to speak up for their rights, they said.
“The resident is allowed to say, ‘I'm not OK with you smoking in my park. Can you do that elsewhere?'” Choudhuri said.
Tustin joins eight other Orange County cities in stubbing out cigarettes in public parks: Irvine, Santa Ana, Newport Beach, Costa Mesa, Fullerton, Fountain Valley, Buena Park and Laguna Beach.
In May, Laguna Beach took its smoking ban a step further than the rest, nixing tobacco and vaping throughout the city – including on sidewalks, bike paths, alleys and in parking structures. There, people can only smoke inside homes and cars.
The girls in Troop 3562 have made a wider ban their cause since 2014, when they chose the mission for their Bronze Award project.
That summer, they passed out 250 surveys on the topic at a concert in the park.
“Seventy-two percent of respondents supported a law against smoking in public,” said troop leader Thao Chang.
After collecting hundreds of cigarette butts in Tustin parks, the young activists presented their research to the Tustin Community Service Commission and to the City Council.
But two years would pass before wheels started turning. As a new council member, Letitia Clark took the Scouts under their wing, putting their call for a smoking ban on the agenda.
“My daughter is a Girl Scout so this caught my attention,” Clark said. “So much of the tobacco industry's marketing is directed at youth. A ban in city parks helps address the problem at a low cost to the city.”
Standing before the dais, 13-year-old Ella Chang succinctly summed up their objection to smoking in public parks:
“Whenever my sister and I smell smoke, it makes us nauseous.”
TORONTO (AP) -- Canadian Football Hall of Fame member Don Matthews, one of the CFL's most successful coaches, has died. They were 77.
The Toronto Argonauts said Matthews died Wednesday of pneumonia in Beaverton, Oregon. They had announced in 2012 they were battling cancer.
In a statement, the CFL called Matthews ''one of a kind.''
''Upon hearing of the passing of Don Matthews, the Canadian Football League family is both deeply saddened by this loss and grateful for their many contributions to our league,'' the statement said.
A larger-than-life character with a sharp wit who thrived in the spotlight, Matthews kept people around them on edge with their abrasive, no-nonsense style. It worked: They had 231 wins and five Grey Cup victories on their resume.
But they were also a controversial figure who had a high-risk, high-reward philosophy.
Players traditionally loved suiting up for them because of their reputation for creating a winning atmosphere and protecting their athletes. During the regular season, Matthews' teams rarely hit during practice, and they routinely allowed their players to help create the weekly game plan.
Yet they maintained their distance. While known for being a ''player's coach,'' Matthews would make the tough personnel decisions and wasn't afraid to bench a veteran or cut them outright if they aren't producing.
''It's that balance, and to do that you must be brilliant,'' said running back Mike ''Pinball'' Clemons, who won two Grey Cups over three seasons playing for Matthews in Toronto. ''Some people try to be a player's coach, but they let it go too far and the players run the roost.
''He was a player's coach, but they were also the boss and everybody knew that.''
Matthews was also brutally honest, a trait reporter covering their teams knew well as they would call them out publicly for asking what they deemed an inappropriate question.
But even the press corps respected him, voting Matthews the CFL's coach of the year five times.
A former Marine from Amesbury, Massachusetts, who eventually became a Canadian citizen, Matthews began their CFL coaching career as an assistant with the Edmonton Eskimos in 1977 before being promoted to defensive coordinator the following season. They helped the club win five straight Grey Cup titles before being hired as B.C. Lions head coach in 1983.
Matthews spent 22 seasons as a CFL head coach with B.C., Baltimore, Saskatchewan, Edmonton, Toronto and Montreal. They were inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2011.
''He was, quite frankly, the best leader I've ever been around,'' Clemons said. ''He taught me so much and the majority of those lessons you didn't realize were lessons until after the experience, when you realized you walked away with more than you gave, more than you were promised and much more than you were entitled to.
''He was magical in their approach, they were infectious. But uniquely, they had a way of bringing out the best in people, they put you in the best position to be successful.''
And that included Clemons, who said Matthews allowed them to be a full-time running back for the first time in their career in 1996. But Matthews bucked conventional football wisdom as Clemons had more receiving yards (1,268) than rushing (286).
''He changed their philosophy, they changed the game to accommodate my skillset in a time where that really didn't happen,'' Clemons said.
Matthews was also a controversial figure. In 2004 while they coached in Montreal, the Alouettes were twice accused of videotaping opposing coaches' signals on the sideline.
Prior to the '04 East Division final versus Toronto, they downplayed their reputation, saying ''I have a passion for milk and cookies. I have a way more boring life than some of you might think.''
Matthews is survived by their wife, Stephanie, and four sons.
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Rhubarb is a traditional allotment favourite that's become very trendy again, especially when it is forced, and now's the time to do it.
Using an established plant, cover the crown with straw and place a large bucket over the top to exclude light.
Terracotta rhubarb forcers at RHS Harlow Carr, Harrogate.
You can use a traditional terracotta forcer, like these pictured at RHS Harlow Carr – but they're really expensive and a cheap bucket works just as well.
The pale pink, tender stems can be harvested about eight weeks after covering.
Don't force the same crown for two years in a row, as it weakens the plant.
If you can wait for a natural crop, all the better, as patience is needed for a rhubarb plant to build itself up.
Ornamental leaves look great against contrasting shapes, such as this bamboo Fargesia Pingwu.
Pot-grown rhubarb can be planted at any time, in an open, sunny site with free-draining soil. With crowns, plant late autumn-early winter. You can plant later, but run the risk of crown rot.
If you planted new crowns in autumn, don't harvest during the first year. Remove a few stems the next year, then up to a third or half from then on. It's best to stop cropping by June (unless you have an autumn-cropping cultivar), or at least only remove a few stalks after then – older varieties often go stringy then and the plant needs the sustenance.
HOW TO GROW GUIDE
l Planting time (pot grown): Anytime.
l Crowns: October-December.
l Harvesting time: early spring (forced) to midsummer; autumn for late varieties.
l Planting distance:Space plants 75-90cm (30-36in) apart, with 30cm (12in) between rows.
l Aspect and soilL: Sunny, well-drained soil (will tolerate some shade).
l Hardiness: Hardy.
l Difficulty: Easy.
l Recommended varities: Timperley Early: Thick stems, early, high yield. Bred for forcing; performs very well outside, but even better colour when forced. Victoria: Late (summer) type with heavy yields.Hawke's Champagne: Compact plants with high yield potential. It has bright red, medium length, uniform stems.Livingstone: Autumn cropping, from September to November.
GET IN TOUCH
l For more information, plus cook what you grow, recipes, environmental news and more, log on to www.mandycanudigit.com (now smartphone friendly), follow me on Twitter @MandyCanUDigIt or you can like me on my Facebook page at Mandycanudigit
JOBS TO DO THIS WEEKEND
Lily bulbs can be planted in pots, for flowers this summer. After growing on in a cool greenhouse, they can be moved on to the patio when in flower.
Check tender plants overwintering outdoors to make sure protective coverings are still in place.
Continue to deadhead winter pansies and other winter bedding. Pansies will carry on into the spring and even to early summer if attended to often.
Cut off old leaves of hellebores that produce flowers from ground level (including Helleborus x hybridus and H. niger) to expose the flowers and remove possible foliar diseases such as hellebore leaf spot.
Look out for rot (such as crown rot, Sclerotinia, delphinium black blotch, black root rot and Antirrhinum rust) on emerging perennials.
Many summer-flowering deciduous shrubs can be pruned now – those that flower on the current year's growth, including Buddleja davidii, Ceratostigma, Hydrangea paniculata, Lavatera, Leycesteria, Perovskia, hardy fuchsias, and deciduous Ceanothus.
Prune Wisteria by cutting back the side shoots shortened by summer pruning to two or three buds (2.5-5cm/1-2in). Avoid cutting off flower buds.
Dig a new pond.Have a minimum depth of 60cm (2ft) at the deepest point, to reduce the risk of the pond freezing totally. Gently sloping contours between the shallow and deep areas, and between the bank and the water, are more wildlife-friendly.
If you do have any seedlings, make sure they are getting the maximum light available, or else they will become weak and leggy. If necessary, turn them once a day so that they get light on both sides. This will stop them leaning over towards the light, and keep them upright and compact.
Plug plants can be grown on in your greenhouse, being a relatively cheap source of large numbers of plants.
Marigolds (cempasuchil). Mexican folk paper art (papal picado). Votive candles. Sugar skulls (calaveras). Smiling skeletons (Las Catrinas). All are nudging their way alongside familiar October images of pumpkins, ghosts and scarecrows as Dia de los Muertos (Day of the Dead) decor gains ground on traditional fall home accessories.
From shower curtains to mouse pads, pillows to planters, there seems to be no end to the designs. Wildly colorful and quirky for some, but deeply meaningful for others, the decor scheme has become increasingly popular. According to the National Retail Federation, consumers are expected to spend a record $9.1 billion on items related to October fun. Candy and costume purchases, of course, top the list, but not far behind are home and party decorations. Halloween may mean monster sales, but Day of the Dead (celebrated November 1 and 2) is coming on strong.
The observance dates to the ancient Aztecs, but also has ties to All Saints' Day and All Souls' Day. It represents a time to remember loved ones and traditions. For many, it's become a holiday of sorts no matter their ancestry and the home furnishings industry has noticed.
“Pier 1 Imports began offering decorative items to help our customers celebrate and observe Dia de los Muertos a few years ago. Just like with other seasonal events and holidays, we add, refresh and refine our assortment of Dia de los Muertos products to help our customers find everything they need to create a curated, customized look for their homes,'' said Katelyn Carroll, Pier 1 Imports media relations specialist.
This year, the company's Dia de los Muertos assortment includes bright colors, glitter and hand-beaded details. “Sugar skulls or Calaveras have become iconic Day of the Dead decorations. We also offer tabletop items, including beaded table runners adorned with bright flowers and festive drink ware to help our customers celebrate with others during this important time,'' Carroll said.
Some homes celebrate Halloween while others opt for Day of the Dead, but there are those who do a bit of both.
For Frank and Cathy Garcia of Claremont, the observance is personal. Both build altars remembering loved ones who have passed. The latest one contains photos, marigolds, votive candles, an ear of corn and miniature figurines with birds. But their home is filled with art objects, many depicting scenes from Day of the Dead, that remain up all year.
Artistry runs in the family. Cathy is a noted artist who works in mosaics. Them son, Rob Ribar, painted a skeleton mural over their patio door entryway. The Garcias have more of their works framed and displayed throughout their home. And Frank Garcia is co-curator of the 15th annual exhibit, “Aztlan: A Sense of Place,'' at the dA Gallery in downtown Pomona through January.
The exhibition is part of the Getty's “Pacific Standard Time: LA/LA,'' an exploration of Latin American and Latino art in dialogue with Los Angeles. As part of that show, Celebration de los Muertos y los Vivos on Nov. 5, will recognize and honor dearly departed loved ones and role models. It will include an interactive altar and crafts.
“This is a way to honor your ancestors,” Cathy said. “Dia de los Muertos helps you stop to think about them, their lives, what meals they cooked. Celebrations aren't meant to be spooky or sacrilegious. I think it's a beautiful idea.''
Hand-crafted Items
Novica in Santa Monica offers traditional Day of the Dead themed works from various artisans. The company, in association with National Geographic, offer these products throughout the world year-round and the artists who make them directly benefit from sales Dia de los Muertos items include intricately sculpted boxes and napkin rings, candelabra, statues and paintings. novica.com
DIY Advice
Those wanting to make Day of the Dead works for their homes can find easy projects in “Day of the Dead: 20 Creative Projects to Make for Your Party of Celebration,'' (Barrons,$12.99) by Paula Pascual and Rebecca Woods. It includes detailed advice on how to create a respectful decorated altar with flor de muerto (marigold paper pom-poms); calaveras (sugar skulls); and lovely wreaths and tablecloths. “Day of the Dead Origami” (Barrons, $12.99) combines the arts and cultures of two communities in its 20 paper-sculpting projects suitable for parties or everyday.
Exhibits, workshops and celebrations
Calavera (skull) piñata workshop: The Ontario Museum of History and Art hosts Calavera piñata workshops led by artist Dulce Soledad Ibarra. Materials provided to the free events on Oct. 21, 1-3 p.m.; and Oct. 25, 6-8 p.m. Reservations required. 909-395-2510; ontarioca.gov/museum
“Storytellers: A Dia de Los Muertos Celebration:'' The Museum of Latin American Art in Long Beach hosts a night of storytelling with music, art and altars. There will be a cash bar, vendors and exhibitions. Tickets are $35 or $28 for members. Oct. 21, 7-11 p.m. 628 Alamitos Ave., Long Beach. 562-437-1689. molaa.org/events/storytellers-dia-de-los-muertos-celebration/
L.A. Dia de Los Muertos: Learn more about the celebration through exhibits, presentations and other activities from noon to midnight. Tickets $20, adults; after 4 p.m. admission is free for children 8 years old and younger and seniors. Oct. 28. Hollywood Forever Cemetery, 6000 Santa Monica Blvd., Hollywood. ladayofthedead.com
Dia de los Muertos Art Festival: The Downey Theatre presents a family friendly day that will include film, sculpture, dance, fine and folk art and craft workshops. Free. Downey Theatre, 8435 Firestone Blvd., Downey. Oct. 29. downeytheatre.org
San Pedro's Dia de los Muertos Festival: Activities include art and culture exhibitions and live entertainment by Mariachi Divas. Downtown San Pedro at the Los Angeles waterfront. Free. Oct. 29; sanpedrodayofthedead.com
Netflix will report earnings when the market closes on today. As ever, analysts will be keeping a close eye on subscriber numbers. They'll also be considering all the new players jumping into streaming TV. But these are mostly new services planning to offer livetelevision over the internet. Will that hurt Netflix?
Click the audio player above to hear the full story.
A plan to renovate San Clemente's historic Miramar Theater property – shuttered since 1992 – has won the approval of the city's planning commission.
Commissioners voted 6-0 Wednesday, June 7 to approve permits so the owners can incorporate the former movie theater, built in 1938, with an adjacent former bowling alley built in 1946 as a single project – an events center with restaurants.
Both buildings occupy the 1700 block of North El Camino Real. The city designates them as historic landmarks in the city's North Beach area.
The plan is to turn the former 7,836-square-foot cinema into a 435-seat performance and events center and convert the former 5,200-square-foot bowling alley into five specialty-cuisine restaurants with shared seating.
There would be 50 restaurant seats indoors and up to 150 seats in a landscaped outdoor dining area facing El Camino Real. The restaurants could cater for the events center.
The Planning Commission's approval is the final decision at the city level, unless appealed to the City Council or called up for review. The project must also be approved by the California Coastal Commission, and the site's lack of parking could be an issue.
The Planning Commission agreed to waive a city requirement for 92 parking spaces. The project would use available street parking and use city parking lots that serve North Beach, San Clemente's beach trail, the Ole Hanson Beach Club, Metrolink commuters and Casino San Clemente, itself a historic site that operates an events center with waivers for 64 parking spots.
The city code allows waivers to rehabilitate historic sites built before the city had parking requirements.
Waivers require the city to provide parking at taxpayer expense if more parking ever proves necessary. The city owns a nearby lot where 32 parking spaces have been proposed and two other vacant properties along Avenida Pico, across El Camino Real from the site.
Jim Holloway, who retired in 2015 as San Clemente's community development director and now is part of the Miramar Events Center team, told commissioners that surveys show North Beach has ample public parking even at busy times.
Commissioner Michael Smith, while praising the project and agreeing to vote for it, said the city needs to plan ahead for more parking.
“This project presents an opportunity to have a smiling face when you enter San Clemente from the north,” Smith said. “I think it'll be a refreshing and revitalizing experience that is wonderful.” But they said they don't believe the parking will work. “You are going to have a lot of people in these facilities,” they said.
Commissioner Michael Blackwell said North Beach could become a popular destination for people moving into 14,000 Rancho Mission Viejo homes being built inland, linked to San Clemente now via an extension of Avenida La Pata. They said the Anaheim Packing House underestimated the parking needs for its collection of restaurants, and the Miramar Events Center is proposing a collection of restaurants with the events center.
“Right now we have adequate space … and we have capacity for increased usage at the location,” Blackwell said. “Before we grossly underestimate our parking as an afterthought … I think this would be a good time to maybe consider factoring that in as a forecast into a new report. The design is phenomenal … my concern is the draw that it is going to create.”
Local resident George Gregory suggested that five restaurants are too many and visitors will park in their neighborhood. “It's way too intense,” Gregory said.
Brad Malamud, whose lawsuit forced the city to refund a $10 million beach parking fund they asserted the city never proved to be necessary, said they support the Miramar Events Center but questions the city's parking proposal. If North Beach needs further parking, they said, the city should tap into a $1 million fund earmarked for North Beach enhancements.
North Beach Community Association leaders Rey Harju, Tyler Johnson and Jim Ruehlin urged approval of the Miramar plan to end 25 years of failed proposals and derelict buildings.
“The eyes of San Clemente are on you,” Johnson told commissioners.
“We think it's a great plan,” Ruehlin said. “This requires about 10,000 jigsaw puzzle pieces coming together in just the right way. Staff and the applicant have done a great job doing that and putting it together right.”
Harju said residents see rebirth of the Miramar as No. 1 priority.
City Planner Amber Gregg said the plan is based on a historic resources feasibility study done in 2013 with a grant the city obtained from the state after years of efforts by others to rescue the landmark.
Larry Culbertson, former president of the San Clemente Historical Society, recalled that one owner proposed razing the Miramar. They said they believe there is adequate parking and this is the plan residents of San Clemente want.
“I have attended the meetings and hearings on this project and studied the reports,” Culbertson said. “The planning staff and the cultural heritage subcommittee have not gone easy on this project. They set the bar high. I believe the applicant has cooperated.”
Commissioner Wayne Eggleston didn't participate, stepping down from their seat to speak as a volunteer advocate for the Miramar plan, speaking as a private citizen. They predicted the project will re-energize North Beach. “If parking becomes a problem in the future, the city has land for this,” they said.
Linda Sadeghi, co-owner of Casino San Clemente, said in a letter to the city that the Miramar proposal seems to mimic the business uses of the historic Casino and the historic Ole Hanson Beach Club. “We are curious as to how many ‘event centers' can be supported within a one-block area and why the city feels this is the best possible use for ALL the city landmarks at its gateway,” Sadeghi wrote.
An eagle-eyed Massachusetts state trooper and a DNA match on the victim's hands led police to arrest the man suspected of killing Vanessa Marcotte eight months after they disappeared while jogging near their mother's Princeton, Massachusetts, home, officials said.
On Aug. 7, 2016, 27-year-old Marcotte, an account manager at Google in New York, went for a jog in Princeton, a town about 60 miles west of Boston, and never returned. Them body was found that night in a wooded area about half a mile from their mother's home. Marcotte had planned to return home to New York that night, officials said.
On Friday, Angelo Colon-Ortiz, 31, of Worcester, was arrested in connection with the killing after their DNA matched samples from Marcotte's hands, said Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early Jr.
Police found Colon-Ortiz after a Massachusetts state trooper spotted a man matching the suspect's description driving a dark SUV in Worcester, the Worcester County District Attorney's Office said.
The trooper didn't have paper, so they "wrote the license plate number down on their hand and followed up," the district attorney's office said. "He later went to the suspect's home ... where suspect provided the DNA that led to the match."
Marcotte's cousins, Caroline Tocci and Steve Vittorioso, told ABC News they weren't surprised that the 27-year-old helped catch their own alleged killer by getting their DNA.
"Vanessa is a fighter," Vittorioso said. "I know that they were doing everything they can. They really tried to persevere. ...  They are our role model."
Worcester County District Attorneys Office via AP Photo
"Vanessa was my cousin, but they were my sister," Tocci explained. "She was an only child so they grew up with me and my sisters, as well as Steve, and we were all very close. They were my other half."
"We're very proud of their strength and what they did," Tocci said. "We know how strong of a person they are and every day we strive to be more like her."
Early said the arrest "was the result of hard work by police who tirelessly investigated this case from the day of Ms. Marcotte's death."
Investigators had received more than 1,300 tips in the case, the district attorney's office said.
Christine Peterson/AP Photo
A suspect now in custody has brought the family some peace, Tocci said, but they added, "Our goal now is just helping other women who are in these situations."
The family has established the Vanessa T. Marcotte Foundation, which Tocci said promotes female safety awareness and aims to tackle the "societal issue ... of the objectification of women" and reduce violence by promoting gender equality.
"Vanessa did nothing wrong. They were running during daylight on a road that she's run on thousands of times," Tocci said. "It's just being aware of your surroundings and being cognizant that this could happen anywhere. It doesn't matter your class, it doesn't matter your race, it could happen to anyone. You have to live fearlessly, but you have to just be safe, as well."
Vittorioso added, "We want women just to continue on with their lives and keep doing what they're doing on a daily basis and not be scared to go for a run at 5 o'clock in the morning ... and just to continue on what they love doing."
"We're going to take this energy and really channel it into the Vanessa T. Marcotte Foundation," Vittorioso said, "and use that as a great way just to keep their spirit alive, just because Vanessa means the world to us."
Colon-Ortiz, who was not resistant when they were arrested, the district attorney's office said, has been charged with aggravated assault and battery and assault with attempt to rape. Early said additional charges are expected.  They are being held on $10 million bail and is expected to be arraigned Tuesday.
THE committee responsible for allocating funds for WA's agricultural colleges from a special trust has hit out at the State government for taking a larger slice of its dividends.
Changes to funding arrangements to the Agricultural Education Provisions Trust (AEPT) were announced in December – along with several other cuts to regional education – as part of the Labor Government's bid to save $64 million.
The AEPT funds are generated through the selling of produce from the State's five agricultural colleges in Cunderdin, Denmark, Harvey, Morawa and Narrogin, as well as the Esperance Senior High School Farm Training Centre.
The Trust covers the costs of farm machinery and fleet vehicles, fencing, farm development and other recurrent costs, and supports several agricultural education programs in regional and metropolitan schools across the State.
It also acts as a contingency fund to support the college farms if operations are compromised due to poor seasonal conditions.
At present, each agricultural college retains 60 per cent of the income it generated, while the remaining 40pc is injected into the Trust and distributed among the colleges.
However, from 2019 the Department of Education will retain an annual 20pc dividend from funds remitted to the AEPT.
According to Education Minister Sue Ellery's office the amount is expected to be around $200,000 per year, but could vary annually.
The body which oversees AEPT funding allocations – the Combined Agricultural Advisory Committee (CAAC) – has criticised Ms Ellery's decision to raid the Trust.
Committee chairperson Barry Pearce said the WA system for agricultural education was considered the best in Australia, and should not be altered.
“At a time when the Minister for Agriculture and Food is lauding agricultural production in this State reaching $8.2 billion, it is hard to believe that the Minister for Education is diminishing the value of educating the next generation of prospective agricultural industry participants,” Mr Pearce said.
Dylan Hatfield got one last chance to see their brother and five other crewmen on the Destination, a 98-foot crab boat missing and presumed sunk in the Bering Sea.
The Destination was tied up Thursday in the Aleutian Islands port of Dutch Harbor, preparing to leave. Hatfield, 29, had just come in from the Bering Sea on a different boat. They had worked on the Destination off and on for seven years, and when they left, their older brother, 36-year-old Darrik Seibold, replaced him.
"We went down to the boat, brought a case of beer, said hello to everybody, gave everybody big hugs, told stories and had laughs," Hatfield said. Afterward, they all went out for pizza at the Norwegian Rat Saloon."
"I got to tell the fellas I loved them, I got to hug my brother and tell them that I loved him, and then they left," Hatfield said.
Early Friday, the Destination left for St. Paul Island, one of the tiny Pribilof Islands in the vast Bering Sea.
On Saturday morning, Hatfield got the call: the Destination was missing 2 miles off another Pribilof Island, St. George. The Coast Guard had received an emergency location radio transmission from a device that transmits when it hits saltwater.
Searchers rushed to the scene. They found an oil slick, a life ring and buoys. They emergency location beacon was floating in the slick.
The lack of debris, the failure to make a mayday call, the absence of lifeboats or mariners in survival suits pointed to a sudden tragedy.
"In my mind, they rolled over," Hatfield said. "I'm almost positive that those boys are still on the boat."
Commercial fishing is inherently dangerous, and crab fishing in the Bering Sea is notoriously so. Fishermen work winters in icy, heaving platforms handling heavy, unforgiving equipment.
The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health notes that fishermen drop crab pots, each weighing 750 to 850 pounds empty, rigged to hundreds of feet of coiled line and buoys used to recover them from the ocean bottom.
Just getting to the fishing grounds is dangerous. Vessels stack the heavy pots on their main deck in three to five tiers high as they travel in shallow ocean that sees big waves, high wind and icing that can make a boat top-heavy.
In the 1990s, 73 people died in the Bering Sea crab fishery as the result of capsizing, sinking, falling overboard or an industrial accident. Two factors, however, have dramatically lowered that rate of nearly eight deaths annually.
The Coast Guard and the Alaska Department of Fish and Game in 1999 instituted an upgraded inspection program with an emphasis on stability and safety. Vessels found lacking were not allowed to leave port.
Federal managers also changed the fishery. Before 2005, boats rushed out from ports "derby style," trying to catch as much crab as possible until a quota was met, even if it meant fishing in dangerous conditions.
That was replaced with "crab rationalization," in which most of the catch was guaranteed to boat owners. That meant they could use fewer boats, take longer to catch their quota and sit out dangerous conditions.
It also meant hundreds of crew members lost their jobs. However, safety improved. From October 1999 through last year, 10 lives have been lost, according to the national institute.
The Destination was on its way to St. Paul and planned to drop off bait on the island before heading out for a week or two to fish. The boat was carrying 200 crab pots and probably about 15,000 pounds of bait, Hatfield said.
The boat had just rounded the northeast quarter of St. George Island, an area known for turbulent water, when it went down.
"You get the shelf shallowing-up there, and lots of tide," Hatfield said. "It's always really cold around those islands."
A number of factors probably led to a capsizing, they said. The boat may have iced up from sea spray freezing in 20-degree temperatures. An alarm in the engine or steering room may have malfunctioned.
The boat had three tanks for holding crab. Pumps keep water circulating to them. If a pump shut off, it could cause a tank go slack — partially emptied of water that provides stability, Hatfield said.
When a big wave hits, and the boat rolls in one direction, a slack tank makes it harder to recover.
"It's never the first one," Hatfield said. "They probably took a big one, laid 'em over, and they didn't recover. Then they took another one, and another one, until they probably just rolled over."
The vessel owners, F/V Destination, Inc., have not released name of the six crewmen. Spokesman Mike Barcott said the company has not contacted all families to make sure they want the names public.
They agreed that whatever happened probably came on suddenly. A half hour before the boat disappeared, it was in calm water on the lee of St. George Island, Barcott said by email.
"If there was a problem at that time they easily could have pulled into the harbor so we assume all was good then," they said.
Seibold leaves a 3-year-old son. The cause of the tragedy likely will never be known, Hatfield said.
"The only people who know what happened are on the bottom of the ocean," they said.
NEW YORK (AP) — The arrest of a Bangladeshi immigrant accused of making a homemade pipe bomb and setting it off in the New York subway system has led to discussion of the nation's immigration system, with President Donald Trump repeating their refrain that it needs to be overhauled in favor of more restrictions.
What you should know:
___
THE BOMBING SUSPECT
Authorities have identified the bombing suspect as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. Originally from Bangladesh, they arrived in the United States in 2011 and was living in Brooklyn. The Department of Homeland Security says he's a lawful permanent resident of the U.S.
___
HOW They GOT HERE:
Ullah came to the U.S. on an F43 visa, issued to them through their family connection to an American citizen. The American immigration system allows citizens to apply for certain relatives — spouses, children, parents, siblings and their spouses and minor children — to be allowed to come and live in the U.S. The visas fall under different preferences, or categories; siblings of U.S. citizens come in the fourth preference, the F4, and their children come under F43s.
___
WHAT'S THE HISTORY?
Since a law change in 1965 loosened what had been a very restrictive system, America's immigration policy has been based around giving preference to people with advanced education or skills or those with family ties to U.S. citizens. What that has meant is that as immigrants from places like Asia and Latin America started coming to the U.S. in larger numbers and became citizens, they applied for their family members to join them. Once naturalized, those brought in were able to then sponsor their own relatives.
___
WHAT'S THE CONCERN?
Those who favor restrictions on immigration are in strong opposition to that kind of linked migration. It's an issue that's been brought up in proposed immigration reform legislation before. U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton, of Arkansas, and U.S. Sen. David Perdue, of Georgia, both Republicans, have most recently proposed the RAISE Act, which would limit the number of permanent-resident visas and do away with the ability of citizens to bring over relatives other than spouses and minor children. Immigrant advocates have called the bill an attack on immigrants.
___
WHAT TRUMP SAYS
Trump has made who's allowed into the United States a centerpiece of their presidency, in the form of banning residents from certain countries from traveling to the U.S., calling for the construction of a wall along the Mexican border and limiting the number of refugees allowed in.
After Monday morning's subway explosion, which seriously injured Ullah but no one else, Trump issued a statement saying, "America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country. Today's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration, which is incompatible with national security."
Trump, a Republican, has voiced their support of the RAISE Act.
___
Deepti Hajela covers issues of race, ethnicity and immigration for The Associated Press. Follow them on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dhajela. For more of their work, search for their name at https://apnews.com
Getty Image
Stardom is one of those things where you reap most of the benefits of the highs, and suffer the blame for the lows. Just ask super-producer DJ Mustard. TMZ reports that the “Pop It, Shake It” producer was at LAX recently, set to travel out of the city with a friend when TSA officials spotted a gun in the X-Ray machine. Airport police then decided to detain both Mustard and their friend for the gun. After a brief investigation, the surveillance footage revealed that the bag carrying the loaded .22 semi-automatic gun belonged to Mustard's friend, not the producer.
They were released, but their friend was arrested and likely booked on gun possession charges. Paparazzi then chased Mustard down, first as they sat in an overpass, then on their way out of the airport, asking them about the situation. They denied knowledge of the gun, and got justifiably agitated at the paparazzi's questions.
As airtight as airport security is, one would think travelers would have their figurative T's crossed and I's dotted to avoid suspicion, but apparently sometimes people just forget. TI's stepdaughter Zonnique Pullins recently dealt with a similar situation, as last June they were busted in Atlanta airport with a gun in their purse that they forgot was there. They got off with community service since it was their first offense and they were a registered firearm carrier.
NEW YORK (AP) — Top American and North Korean officials plan a full day of meetings in New York aimed at deciding whether a summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un can be salvaged.
Ahead of the meetings Thursday, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and the North's former military intelligence chief, Kim Yong Chol, had dinner Wednesday night. Kim had flown in from Beijing and Pompeo from Washington.
The talks come as preparations for a highly anticipated summit in Singapore barrel ahead amid lingering uncertainty about whether it will actually take place, and when. Trump cancelled the June 12 summit last week, then suggested it could still happen.
U.S. teams have been meeting with North Korean officials in Singapore and in the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Come January, LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball will be off to Prienai, a town of about 10,000 people in southern Lithuania, to begin their respective careers as professional basketball players in Europe. The next set of circumstances for LaVar Ball's youngest boys will be anything but glamorous, up to and including Prienai Arena, where they will play for Prienu Vytautas under head coach Virginijus Šeškus, who's regarded by some as “the LaVar Ball of Lithuania.”
Ben Brust, who played briefly in Lithuania following their four-year stint at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, passed along a less-than-impressive photo of the gym that Gelo and Melo will soon call home.
The Ball's to Lithuania is a disaster waiting to happen (I played there for a year and hated it). This is a picture of the teams gym that the Ball brothers would play at. Not exactly BIG BALLER material #BBB pic.twitter.com/STkQ57YRS5 — Ben Brust (@BenBrust) December 11, 2017
ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski, Jonathan Givony and Mike Schmitz added these details about the arena's seating arrangements:
The club plays in a 1,700-seat arena; 500 of those seats are reserved for team sponsors and their friends. Tickets cost around 5 euro.
There's no word yet as to how many more will need to be set aside for LaVar and their Big Baller Brand entourage. The good news is, it won't cost them much to get in the building if the cash-strapped club can't afford to comp them.
By Sarah B. Boxer
While the nation remains divided on whether recreational marijuana should be legalized, an exclusive new Yahoo News/Marist Poll finds that 83 percent of American adults — even 81 percent of parents — believe that medicinal marijuana should be legalized.
But as perceptions of pot as it relates to the American family shift, a member of one of America's most prominent families is speaking out.
Former Rep. Patrick Kennedy (D-R.I.) says that lobbyists pushing for the legalization of medical marijuana are trying to sell the public on a “Trojan horse” — making the drug seem more normalized and acceptable in society, though it still has dangerous impacts on minors. “The public health doesn't stand a chance in this fight, because we're up against money that is going to continue to grow as this industry spreads,” Kennedy concedes, likening marijuana proponents to the big tobacco industry.
Through their organization Project SAM (Smart Approaches to Marijuana), Kennedy is trying to educate the public and offer other solutions available in the medical industry. They point to the FDA-approved medication Marinol, a synthetic form of cannabis, as an alternative to the real thing.
“Right now, no one knows what they're buying — that can be a hazard to public health,” Kennedy tells Yahoo News and Finance Anchor Bianna Golodryga. Referring to natural marijuana, they say, “If someone needs the beneficial effects of some component in this plant, then we know what to do. We don't eat willow bark from a tree, we buy aspirin. We have a process for doing that. It's called the FDA. The reason we do is we want to protect the public's health. We're doing nothing of the sort by just calling it, in a blanket sense, ‘medicine.'”
“Our country is susceptible to addiction,” Kennedy tells Golodryga. “I just don't know how much sense it makes to try to allow another intoxicating, addicting substance to be sold in the marketplace.”
Kennedy argues that lack of regulation in the pharmaceutical and alcohol industries is a prime example of why marijuana could be just as dangerous if legalized. “What do you say to those who argue … that alcohol has far more deadly consequences and addictive consequences than marijuana?” asks Golodryga.
“I don't disagree with that. Two wrongs don't make a right,” responds Kennedy. “Alcohol's already legal, and there's no putting that horse back in the barn. Let's stop this horse from getting out of the barn. It's a question of, what floor do they drop you from — the 10th floor or the fourth floor? You're still in trouble.”
Kennedy also bristles at the notion that there is “less to worry about” with pot than with opioids because fewer people are dying from the former. “I just don't think we should relish the thought that any American is kept from their God-given potential.”
In Rhode Island, where the district they represented in Congress is located, drug overdoses are a public health crisis. The opioid crisis is at the root of that epidemic, but Kennedy argues that marijuana usage needs to be examined just as carefully.
“What I worry about is marijuana sapping the motivation and cognition of our young people. So, they might not end up on a slab because they OD'd on fentanyl, because they were originally addicted to OxyContin, but their lives may end up becoming permanently disabled. Essentially, they're missing in action. They're not killed in action. They're missing in action.”
_____
Read more from the Yahoo Weed & the American Family series:
AP Photo/Elise Amendola
BOSTON (AP) — Danica Patrick emerged from some recent fan encounters with a couple of bruises: One resulted in a swollen ring finger after a girl shook their hand too enthusiastically, and another left its mark on their image.
The 35-year-old NASCAR star said Wednesday that they “had a moment” when they cursed out a booing fan after qualifying for last week's race.
“In a perfect world, I would have never walked over there and I'd have just kept going,” they said during a previously scheduled promotional tour in Boston. “That's mostly what I do, every single day, if someone boos me, is you just keep walking.
“But every now and again they just catch you in a moment. And I had a moment.”
In a video that went viral after the race in Pocono, Pennsylvania, Patrick stormed over to the fan and said: “I'm a person, too. I have feelings. When you boo me, it hurts my feelings.”
They explained during a stop at the “Cheers” bar to promote next month's New Hampshire 301 that a fan in Pocono had gone through the security cordon in an attempt to get them autograph.
“I didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard and trying to get past them by signing their stuff,” they said. “So I was put in this awkward situation.”
On Wednesday, Patrick tried to turn the jeers to Cheers.
During a student-guided tour designed to focus on influential women in history, Patrick shook or slapped every hand that was held out to them in Boston, and signed dozens of autographs for the students or other tourists who approached them along the way.
“Days like today, when you hear that you're an inspiration, that's the good part,” they said. “That makes the work, which is sometimes frustrating, worth it.”
Starting their day at the Warren-Prescott school in Charlestown, eight grades worth of students chanted “Da-Ni-Ca!” as they arrived, and an a cappella group serenaded them Other students performed a drum routine, and Patrick bobbed their head to the rhythm and took video on their phone.
Then, Patrick boarded a trolley with a handful of students for a tour of the city, from Bunker Hill and Faneuil Hall to the iconic swan boats that paddle through the Public Garden. The tour ended at the bar that inspired the TV show “Cheers.”
“It's cool to see the old historical stops,” Patrick said. “We've seen the stops that were historical back in the 1700s and we've seen the ones that were historical back in the '90s – the 1990s.”
Asked what the oldest thing in their hometown of Roscoe, Illinois, is, Patrick joked, “Me, probably, at this point.”
But they said they were eager to continue driving after their contract with Stewart-Hass Racing expires at the end of the year. Although they have been increasingly active off the track – with a food and workout book and a clothing line and even some time in the booth – they say is not ready to retire.
“The job of my life is getting more crowded,” they said. “But the racing always comes first.”
—
More AP auto racing: http://racing.ap.org
Comments
comments
Kohanski said the duet performance was meant to be as much of a visual experience as an auditory one. Red lights lit up the stage with Kohanski's red dress and Mac's familiar striped shirt as the duo brought cheers from the audience.
“To take what I do and merge it with someone I respect as an artist is just a great opportunity,” Mac said.
For Kohanski's solo performance, they said they wanted to make their identity as an artist clear.
They said when they started on their journey through “The Voice,” they didn't even know they were good and wanted to portray that emotion with the Foreigner song.
Them big hair and sparkly black dress conveyed a reminiscence from the time the original song was created.
Four people will be eliminated from the show this week, and the four artists with the most audience votes will move on to the final round next week.
Cast votes for Kohanski by visiting nbc.com/voicevote, use the hastag #ChloeNoahDuet, buy their song or duet on iTunes, stream their song or duet on Apple Music or download and vote through the Voice app.
The results from this week's voting will air Tuesday at 7 p.m. on NBC, channel 4.
Every day in this country students come to school without a way to pay for lunch. Right now it's up to the school to decide what happens next.
Since new legislation out of New Mexico on so-called lunch shaming made headlines - we've heard a lot about how schools react.
Some provide kids an alternative lunch, like a cold cheese sandwich. Other schools sometimes will provide hot lunch, but require students do chores, have their hand stamped or wear a wristband showing they're behind in payment. And, some schools will deny students lunch all together.
With policies to handle unpaid meals all over the map, the USDA, which administers the federal school meal program, will soon require that all school districts have a policy on what to do when kids can't pay - a growing problem. By July 1, those policies must be in writing and communicated to staff, parents and the community.
"We're saying feed these children first, and let the grownups sort out the finances," says Jennifer Ramo, who's with the anti-hunger group, New Mexico Appleseed. About nine years ago they say they started hearing stories about kids receiving a tray of food only to have it tossed out by a cafeteria worker when they realized students didn't have the money to pay.
Seeing the need, Ramo worked with New Mexico state Sen. Michael Padilla to write the state law banning schools from shaming children without the ability to pay for meals.
"A lot of people are very disgusted by this practice and they're reaching out – calling their own state senators and state representatives and asking them to get on it immediately," says Sen. Padilla. Since the bill became law earlier this month, they say lawmakers from around the country have reached out to see how they can address the same issues where they are.
Texas and California are already working on similar legislation. California Democratic state Sen. Robert Hertzberg introduced the Child Hunger Prevention and Fair Treatment Act.
"When I presented the bill, the two Republican senators on the committee joined as co-authors. How great is that? It just tells you this is not a partisan issue. It's a basic fundamental human issue everybody gets," they say.
The School Nutrition Association found about 75 percent of districts had some unpaid student meal debt at the end of the last school year. Part of the challenge is that students who qualify for free or reduced priced meals through the federal school lunch program, aren't signed up. The law in New Mexico aims to deal with that fact.
Jennifer Ramo says their state law is leading the way. Perhaps the timing couldn't be better. They say she's confident that because districts must now put their debt policies in writing, they will get much more scrutiny.
"I'm hoping communities really put pressure on their own districts to say, 'We want our children fed,'" they say.
Syfy
Blood Drive (Syfy, 10:00 p.m.) – Syfy's giving us another dystopian series but this one sounds pretty f*cking gruesome. Arthur Bailey is the last good cop among a horde of corrupt officials living in desolate downtown Los Angeles but, they get dragged into a race where the cars run on human blood and the last one to cross the finish line loses their head (literally).
Fargo (FX, 10:00 p.m.) – Nikki tries to save their own skin by negotiating a deal and Emmit has a long overdue sit down with Gloria.
Little Big Shots (NBC, 8:00 p.m.) – Season two ends with some fan favorites returning including a four-year-old worship leader, a singer from Wales, a piano player, an Internet sensation, a magician, and a brick-breaking karate kid.
MasterChef (Fox, 8:00 p.m.) – The chefs take on the first mystery box challenge of the season which involves preparing a dish with popular ingredients on most home cooks' shopping lists.
The Carmichael Show (NBC, 9:00 p.m.) – Jerrod survives a shooting and fights back against their family when they try to baby them and label them a victim, but things get complicated when the police become involved.
The F Word With Gordon Ramsay (Fox, 9:00 p.m.) — Katy Perry, Max Greenfield, and Kal Penn stop by to help judge dishes made by friends and family members competing for a cash prize.
The Putin Interviews (Showtime, 9:00 p.m.) – Is this over yet?
Nobodies (TV Land, 10:00 p.m.) — Larry, Rachel, and Hugh are thrilled to finally meet the comedy film director Paul Skidmore, but horrified when they bring along their muse: Melissa McCarthy.
LATE NIGHT GUESTS
Jimmy Kimmel Live!: Jamie Foxx, Trace Adkins
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Miley Cyrus
The Late Show With Stephen Colbert: Trevor Noah, Ilana Glazer, Sam Richardson
Late Night With Seth Meyers: Taylor Schilling, Jim O'Heir, Lizzy Goodman, Eric Moore
The Late Late Show With James Corden: Fred Armisen, Tituss Burgess, Edgar Wright, Gavin DeGraw
The Daily Show With Trevor Noah: Vince Staples
Conan: Judd Apatow, Tom Papa
KENNETT SQUARE >> Kennett Square residents soon will be able to save money on trash collection.
Council last week amend its ordinance to create a tiered-trash system that will give residents the opportunity to choose either a 96-gallon, a 65-gallon or a 35-gallon toter, and will create a discount program for senior citizens, and will also incorporate a senior financial hardship clause.
The program will cost the borough $15,000 as it will be ordering 200 of the 65-gallon toters and 150 of the 35-gallon toters.
Overall trash collection fees will drop slightly as the borough has added more users to the system.
Advertisement
“This program is a direct response to what our constituents wanted,” said Councilman Ethan Cramer.
Residents choosing the 96-gallon toter will pay $260 per year, or $65 quarterly. Those choosing the 65-gallon toter will pay $227 yearly or $56 quarterly and those choosing the 35-gallon toter will pay $194 annually or $48 quarterly.
Currently all residents have 96-gallon toters. Those who keep the 95-gallon toters will see a 3 percent decrease in trash fees in 2018; those who choose the 65-gallon toters will see a 15 percent decrease in fees, and those who choose the 35-gallon toters will realize a 27 percent decrease in trash fees next year.
The fees the borough sets is based on the cost of hauling divided among the number of pickups and the projected weight of refuse.
Dan Maffei, council president, said they are happy to see there is a provision for greater enforcement of the trash ordinance to discourage residents from overstuffing smaller toters.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The municipalities of Haifa, Nesher, Kiryat Ata, Kiryat Bialik, Kiryat Motzkin, Kiryat Tivon and the Zevulun Regional Council have filed a petition against the decision of the National Planning and Building Council to allow the expansion of the national refineries in Haifa Bay.
The petition was submitted to the Haifa District Administrative Court.
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) — Stocks in Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal's investment firm surged 10 percent on Sunday, the day after the billionaire investor was released from nearly three months in detention in connection with an anti-corruption campaign.
The prince, 62, is one of the world's wealthiest people, with investments in several major firms, including Citigroup, Lyft, Twitter and international hotel chains.  They are chairperson of Kingdom Holding Company, which closed 9.97 percent higher on the opening day of this week's trading on the Saudi Tadawul stock exchange.
The prince's associates told The Associated Press they were freed Saturday after more than 80 days in detention at the luxurious Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh. Dozens of high-profile detainees were held there in connection with the anti-corruption sweep that began in early November. Prince Alwaleed was among at least 11 princes detained in the probe, in addition to dozens of business people, officials and military officers.
Most detainees have since been released after agreeing to hand over substantial financial assets to the government. It was not immediately known if the prince had to relinquish financial assets in exchange for their release, as other princes, ministers and business people have reportedly had to do.
The government has declined to officially name those arrested in the sweep or disclose the specific allegations against them. Saudi officials could not be reached for comment on Prince Alwaleed's release.
While they were never seen as politically influential, the prince's penchant for fame and their holdings in Western firms made them one of the most talked about Saudi royals abroad.
They told Reuters hours before their release from their luxurious suite at the Ritz-Carlton that no charges were brought against him, saying their detention had nothing to do with politics, economics or corruption. They said they would remain chairperson of Kingdom Holding and retain all their stakes in the investment firm.
The purported anti-corruption sweep is spearheaded by Prince Alwaleed's much younger cousin, 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
Critics say the crown prince has used the purge against high-level individuals to wrangle control of key Saudi companies, sideline potential rivals and silence critics alarmed by their rapid rise to power as they prepare to inherit the throne from their father, King Salman.
Saudi authorities say the campaign is aimed at improving the kingdom's business environment and that sums recovered will be used to fund a cash assistance program for middle and lower-income citizens estimated to cost $8.5 billion this year.
FILE PHOTO: Former President George H.W. Bush is greeted as they exit the funeral services of their wife Barbara Bush, followed by their daughter-in-law former First Lady Laura Bush and son, former President George W. Bush at St. Martin's Episcopal Church in Houston, Texas, U.S., April 21, 2018. Jack Gruber/Pool via Reuters
By Jon Herskovitz
AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush was admitted to a Houston hospital for an infection that spread to their blood a day after the funeral of Barbara Bush, their wife of seven decades, a family spokesperson said on Monday.
Bush, 93, was admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital on Sunday, spokesperson Jim McGrath said in a statement. Bush was seen in a wheelchair on Saturday at the funeral of their wife, the former U.S. first lady, who died last Tuesday. The two had been married for 73 years.
"He is responding to treatments and appears to be recovering," McGrath said in a statement.
Bush, the country's oldest living ex-president, served a single term in the Oval Office from 1989 through 1993. They were admitted to the same hospital about a year ago for a cough that was later diagnosed as a mild case of pneumonia, McGrath said at the time.
Bush is the father of former Republican President George W. Bush, who served two terms from 2001 through 2009, and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, who unsuccessfully sought the 2016 Republican nomination for president.
George H.W. Bush would write a letter to their wife on each wedding anniversary, Jeb Bush said in a eulogy at the Saturday funeral, before reading aloud one such letter from 1994, a year after their father left the White House.
"I was very happy on that day in 1945, but I'm even happier today," they read, as their father squeezed their eyes shut and wept.
"You have given me joy that few men know ... I have climbed perhaps the highest mountain in the world, but even that cannot hold a candle to being Barbara's husband."
To honor their late wife's commitment to literacy, the former president wore to the funeral a pair of colorful socks "festooned with books," McGrath tweeted, adding that Barbara Bush had raised more than $100 million for the cause.
(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Editing by Chris Reese and Peter Cooney)
Basel Ghattas, who has been accused of aiding Hamas terrorists, barred from entering Knesset for half a year.
The Knesset Ethics Committee on Monday approved a measure banning disgraced MK Basel Ghattas (Joint List) from entering the Knesset building for the next six months as police continue their investigation into allegations the MK provided material aide to jailed Hamas terrorists.
In December, Ghattas was accused of smuggling cellular devices to security prisoners being held in an Israeli prison, as well as carrying messages on behalf of the terrorists to and from the prison.
While Ghattas initially denied the claims, they later confessed to aiding the prisoners, but insisted the content of the messages transmitted was not terror related. Israeli police have rejected this claim in statements to the press.
Despite being barred from entering the Knesset building, Ghattas retains their status as an MK, though they surrendered their parliamentary immunity. Ghattas continues to receive a salary and other stipends provided to MKs.
Because the Ethics Committee is not empowered to strip a sitting MK of their or their parliamentary voting rights, Ghattas technically remains able to vote on bills, but will for practical reasons be unable to do so give the ban on entry into the Knesset.
Transcript for Trump suggests their VA secretary nominee step aside
Your nominee to run the veterans affairs administration doctor Rhonda Jackson. Theirs run into some serious political headwinds on Capitol Hill with some serious allegations being leveled at him. I'm wondering what you know of those allegations in do you intend to stand behind. When I haven't heard of the particular allegations but I will tell you he's one of the finest people that I have Matt. And I think speaking from a Lonnie also. He's been the doctor for President Obama I believe for President Bush for me I got to know pretty well. He's a great doctor. And it was a suggestion now I know there's an experience. Problem because lack of experience but there's an experience program the veterans administration is very important to me we've done a great job with that as you know with the accountability act and many other things now were working on Joyce. It's gonna happen. They take great care of our veterans it's a very very important thing we've done a great job. But. I told. Admiral Jackson still a little while ago. I said what do you need this war this is a vicious group of people. That maligned and they do and I lived through real live through it. You people are getting record ratings because of it so congratulations. But I still woody native who is an admiral who's a great leader. And they questioned them about every little thing as you know with the success. What will hopefully soon be secretary of state Pompeo. Everybody was very surprised I heard ten minutes before the vote yesterday on committee that. They will not be approved at committee which would be the first time in many many decades that something like that would have happened with regard to their secretary of state. Except I spoke to Rand Paul and Rand Paul has. Really never let me down eight Rand Paul is a good man. And I knew things that nobody else and Rand Paul said I'm gonna change my vote and they voted and everybody was surprised. They actually got an eleven to nine vote because as you know Johnny Isaacson is vote counts. If it is in the deciding vote so it was actually lead into the ninth. With I believe an exit as there was one. Vote what what would you call that as well as president. Not present. Article present OK so was eleven to nine and that was a terrific thing. But they failed to stop them so now they say who's next who's next. And this. Person admiral Jackson doctor Jackson it's a wonderful man said to when they needed for. And as far as experience is concern the veterans administration. Which is approximately thirteen million people is so big you couldn't run the biggest hospital system in the world and it's. Small time compared to the veterans administration so nobody has experience. What is is a leader and a good man but I told the message you know what. You to find a person whose son's a top student at Annapolis. He's a high quality person. As to what you needed for so he'll be me it's totally their decision but he'll me making a decision.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
CARSON — The Galaxy tested the depth of its roster in Wednesday's U.S. Open Cup fourth-round match against Orange County Soccer Club, and a more youthful lineup answered the challenge.
The Galaxy used first-half goals from Jose Villarreal and Jack McBean and a 74th-minute goal from Ari Lassiter to hold off visiting Orange County Soccer Club, 3-1, at the StubHub Center Track and Field Stadium.
“These are important games for our club, but you have to utilize your roster and guys have to step up,” Galaxy coach Curt Onalfo said.
The Galaxy advance to the round of 16, with its next opponent and location to be announced Thursday via draw. Last year, the Galaxy advanced to the semifinals.
With the victory, the Galaxy schedule becomes even more congested. The team's next six games will be played over a stretch of 14 days.
Before Lassiter's goal, the game had opened up end to end, with OCSC pushing for a second goal.
Lassiter put things away as they knocked home a rebound off of a header from a corner kick.
“That's big for their confidence and good for our group,” Onalfo said. “It was vital for them to do well tonight because it gives them confidence and it gives the coaching staff confidence to know that they can be options down this difficult stretch.”
McBean had given the Galaxy a 2-1 lead in the 36th minute when they scored on a penalty kick in the 36th minute, slotting it by Charlie Lyon. McBean was fouled in the box to set up the kick.
McBean's goal came approximately 10 minutes after Orange County had tied the score at 1-1 on Roy Meeus' goal.
Meeus scored off of creative corner kick where they circled back toward the top of the 18-yard box and quickly fired a shot on goal that flew by Galaxy goalkeeper Jon Kempin.
Jose Villarreal opened the scoring in the 17th minute with their left-footed blast from approximately 25 yards beating Lyon to the upper corner.
“We talked to them before the game, that if you have a window, just hit and sure enough they did. It was a world-class goal,” Onalfo said.
There was a stretch late in the second half where Orange County was more dangerous, but Galaxy goalkeeper Jon Kempin, making their second start with the team, came up with several big saves to help the Galaxy keep the lead.
Kempin was credited with six saves.
The Galaxy will return to MLS play on Saturday against the Houston Dynamo. It will be the club's first league game at home since May 6.
The Galaxy recently completed a stretch of four consecutive games on the road, posting a 3-0-1 record.
Orange County SC returns to USL play on June 24.
Senate Republican leaders said Tuesday that former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn may be called to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee as part of its investigation into Russia's suspected involvement in the 2016 election and the Trump administration's potential ties to the nation.
Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Missouri, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee and part of the Republican leadership, told reporters that they thought it was likely that Flynn would, at some point, talk to the committee about “both post-election activities and any other activities that they would be aware of.”
Flynn resigned from their post Monday amid a swirl of questions about their calls to the Russian ambassador ahead of the inauguration. They also apologized to the vice president for misleading them about the communications, an official told ABC News.
The chairperson of the Intelligence Committee, Richard Burr, R-North Carolina, was less committal than Blunt, but said they would not rule out calling Flynn to testify.
“We will cast a wide net to look at individuals who can provide us additional insight into what went on,” Burr told ABC News.
The top Democrat on the committee, Mark Warner, of Virginia, had said definitively that they wanted Flynn to testify.
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, who also serves on the committee, said they would like to see the transcripts of the Flynn calls with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak, in which the two discussed sanctions on Russia during the Trump team's transition to the White House, current and former U.S. officials confirmed to ABC last week.
Trump has maintained they have no connections with or economic ties to Russia, as they insisted in this Jan. 11 tweet.
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2017
And while calls between Flynn and the Russian ambassador are under investigation no clear evidence of wrongdoing has been found as of yet.
While Republicans mostly insisted that the investigation should be limited to those committees that have already begun Russia investigations, Democrats say that's not enough -- calling for a bipartisan committee to investigate as well.
“It's critical that we fully understand the extent of the Russian government's attempts to influence our elections and government—and we need to form a bipartisan Select Committee to investigate,” Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Missouri, said in a statement.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — At heart, Ernie Barnes the professional football player was always Ernie Barnes the artist.
Their teammates on the San Diego Chargers nicknamed them "Big Rembrandt" because they were always scribbling on pieces of paper.
They ended up painting vivid and highly acclaimed images from the playing field and from African-American life. He's most famous for "Sugar Shack," which shows African-Americans dancing at the Durham Armory. Marvin Gaye used a version of it for an album cover, and a print of it appeared in the closing credits of the sitcom "Good Times."
Now, an exhibit has opened in their home state titled "The North Carolina Roots of Artist Ernie Barnes." The exhibit at the North Carolina Museum of History includes 38 paintings by Barnes, many unseens by the public until now, along with several pieces of memorabilia.
It's the first exhibit of Barnes' artwork in 11 years, and the first since they died at age 70 in 2009 in Los Angeles. It continues through March 3.
Barnes never considered football their true calling. From their childhood, they were drawn to art. In their 1995 autobiography, "From Pads to Palette," they wrote, "Throughout my five seasons in the arena of professional football, I remained at the deepest level of my being an artist."
But they played professionally from 1960 to 1964, signing first with the Baltimore Colts and then with the Titans of New York, the San Diego Chargers and the Denver Broncos. Their sports connections led to their first exhibit through the support of New York Jets owner Sonny Werblin. And Barnes credited football with helping them develop the elongation technique for which he's known.
An art instructor told them "to pay attention to what my body felt like in movement," Barnes once said. "And when I did that, it was an elongated feeling. ... I hate to think, had I not played sports, what my work would look like."
They also spoke of how the "dehumanization" of professional football played out in their art. "I painted until I exhausted the hate," they said, according to comments provided by their estate.
Troy Vincent, the NFL's vice president of operations, is probably the largest collector of Barnes' art and someone in whom Barnes confided about their love-hate relationship with football. Vincent estimates that they own just shy of 30 Barnes' paintings, most of them commissioned and never seen by the public.
In a phone interview, Vincent said that they and their wife "didn't classify it as black art. They happen to be African-American, but it's not black art. It's art."
At the time of Barnes' death, Paul Von Blum, an art history and African American studies professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, called them one of the premier figurative artists of their era.
Barnes, who was born in 1938 in Durham during the Jim Crow era, graduated from what's now North Carolina Central University. Their painting, "Homecoming," shows a marching band in Durham with U.S. 15-501 signs in the background.
"Ernie said when they were growing up, the high school band used to come down from the segregated area and make the turn into the black community, and the band would kick it up right there," Luz Rodriguez, their longtime assistant and estate trustee said last week in Raleigh before the exhibit opened. "So that's what they painted."
"Sugar Shack" came from Barnes' memories growing up in Durham, Rodriguez said. Their mother had told the 13-year-old Barnes that "they don't do Christian things there" so of course they had to sneak in to find out what was happening, they said.
Actor and comedian Eddie Murphy owns the painting now, exhibit curator Katie Edwards said. A second version that Barnes painted is part of the North Carolina museum exhibit.
Barnes could bring to life "the hopes and dreams of what could be — families together, strong men, strong women, the true representation of the godly family," Vincent said. Barnes was able to "share our dark past yet articulate in color what the future could be — the proudness of our history, the proudness of our future. Ernie encapsulated all of that."
___
Follow Martha Waggoner on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mjwaggonernc
AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — The alleged murder of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's estranged half-brother could be the best cloak-and-dagger thriller North Koreans will never get to hear. And if they did, they'd likely need some plot explainers – few know Kim Jong-un even had a half-brother. While no country in the world has a cult of personality surrounding its leaders as intensive as North Korea's, the narrative is carefully groomed and highly selective, leaving even some of the most basic details unknown to the general public. Predictably enough, the existence of an elder half-brother – and particularly a somewhat rebellious, free-wheeling one – has never been part of the North's official leader narrative. It is simpler to keep the line of succession and power as clear and direct as possible. For the most part, that means grandfather, father and son. Ironically, or perhaps not, the swirling reports of the hit on half-brother Kim Jong Nam at a Malaysian airport come as the nation is gearing up for one of the biggest leader-reverence events of the year. It's called the “Day of the Shining Star,” the birth anniversary of the late leader Kim Jong Il, who was Kim Jong-un and Kim Jong Nam's father, though they had a different mother. The only holiday that is more important is the “Day of the Sun,” which marks the birthday of Kim Jong-un's grandfather, North Korea's founder and “eternal president” Kim Il Sung. The barrage of Kim adulation in North Korea is constant. There are even flower festivals held each year that feature begonias and orchids named “Kimilsungia” and “Kimjongilia.” On Wednesday, with no mention whatsoever of Kim Jong Nam's death in Malaysia in the state media, figure skating and synchronized swimming exhibitions were being held in the capital to mark the day. Beyond their frequent “on the spot guidance” trips and attendance at official events, details of the actual lives of North Korea's leaders are generally scant. Other members of the Kim family tree are rarely if ever mentioned. Kim Jong-un's younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, is a powerful member of the ruling elite, but that would also come as a surprise to many people here. Them name does appear from time to time on official guest lists or party positions, but without further elaboration. Their other half-brother, Kim Jong Chul, and older half-sister, Kim Sul Song, are believed to be party members in good standing. Kim Jong Nam had long been much more problematic. Before Kim Jong-un emerged as the clear heir to their father, Kim Jong Nam had been seen by some outside observers as the country's likely next generation leader. Others thought they were not in line, but anyways they are believed to have fallen out of favor after they were caught at a Japanese airport in 2001 trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland. They had lived outside of the North for years and has a son who studied in France, though little solid facts are available. They had, however, made some sporadic comments in public suggesting that the North needed to reform in order to survive and questioning its hereditary rule, but also indicating they had no desire to switch places with their younger half-brother. If they were killed, the motive is as yet just another of many, many mysteries. And, of course, Kim Jong-un themselves remains one of them. Five years into their reign, they are firmly established a daily fixture on the front pages of the state-run newspapers, a constant presence on the television news and the object of tremendous praise on countless billboards and propaganda posters across the country. In something of a break with past practice, their wife has been often seen with them in public – though less so recently. But to outsiders, it can be surprising how narrow the official narrative is. Purges, not surprisingly, aren't normally reported, though the brief trial and execution of Kim Jong-un's powerful uncle was prominently broadcast and signaled to many experts Kim Jong-un's effort to solidify their powerbase. On a more mundane level, it has never been confirmed if Kim Jong-un has children (he is believed to have at least one daughter), what their age is (probably 32 or 33) or many other basic biographical details. When asked about the gaps, officials regularly explain that it is because the still young Kim is too humble to want such attention for himself. — Talmadge has been the AP's Pyongyang bureau chief since 2013.
Comments
comments
NEW YORK (AP) — The Rangers will buy out the final three years of Dan Girardi's contract, ending the defenseman's tenure in New York after 11 seasons.
The move will clear just under $2.9 million in salary-cap space next season and just under $1.9 million the two following years. Girardi was set to count $5.5 million against the salary cap through 2019-20 and with their no-movement clause would have had to be protected in the upcoming Vegas Golden Knights expansion draft.
By buying out the 33-year-old veteran, the Rangers can protect an extra player from Vegas and make room on their blue line for next season.
"Dan's contributions to the New York Rangers organization have been immeasurable," said team president Glen Sather, who was the GM when New York signed Girardi as an undrafted free agent in 2006. "He has been a role model through their relentless determination, giving everything they had to this organization both on and off the ice."
Girardi was the second-longest tenured player on the Rangers after goaltender Henrik Lundqvist and ranks ninth in franchise history with 788 games played. They put up 46 goals and 184 assists during the regular season and helped the team make the playoffs 10 times and reach the 2014 Stanley Cup Final.
In a lengthy statement released by the team, the Welland, Ontario, native called New York their family's second home and said, "I poured my heart and soul into this team for the past 11 seasons and I enjoyed every minute of it."
The right-handed-shooting Girardi becomes an unrestricted free agent and can sign with any team beginning July 1. The buyout will cost New York more than $1.1 million on the cap in 2020-21, '21-22 and '22-23.
The Rangers on Wednesday also agreed to terms with forward Matt Puempel on a one-year contract worth $725,000. Getting a deal done with the 24-year-old helps New York satisfy the minimum expansion draft requirement of exposing at least two forwards under contract for 2017-18.
The Rangers claimed Puempel off waivers from Ottawa in November. They had six goals and three assists in 40 games last season and has 10 goals and five assists in 79 career NHL games.
New York also named former player Jed Ortmeyer as director of player development, Steve Eminger as a professional scout and Ben Prentiss as strength and conditioning consultant.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
RIDGEFIELD PARK, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Samsung Electronics America, Inc., today introduced the Samsung 970 PRO and EVO, the third generation of its industry-leading consumer solid state drive (SSD) lineup. Having led the market with the first consumer-focused NVMe SSD in 2015, Samsung continues to push the performance barriers with this latest generation of SSDs that are built for tech enthusiasts and professionals so that they can enjoy higher bandwidth for intensive workloads on PCs and workstations.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005368/en/
(Photo: Business Wire)
“Samsung has led the NVMe SSD industry since its inception, and the company continues to define the latest standards of consumer storage with unprecedented performance of the 970 PRO and EVO SSDs,” said Un-Soo Kim, senior vice president of Brand Product Marketing, Memory Business at Samsung Electronics. “The 970 series sets a new bar in all aspects for the NVMe SSD market with groundbreaking performance, superior reliability and best-in-class capacity.”
The Samsung 970 PRO and EVO are designed based on the M.2 form factor standard and with the latest PCIe Gen 3x4 lane interface. The 970 series maximizes the potential of NVMe bandwidth, delivering unparalleled performance for processing large volumes of data, including 3D, 4K graphics work, high-end games and data analytics.
The 970 PRO enables sequential read speed of up to 3,500 MB/s and sequential write speed of up to 2,700 MB/s 1, while the EVO features sequential read speed of up to 3,500 MB/s and sequential write speed of up to 2,500 MB/s 2. The sequential write speeds represent an enhancement of up to 30 percent over the previous generation 3, thanks to Samsung's latest V-NAND technology and the newly designed Phoenix controller. The 970 EVO, in particular, utilizes the Intelligent TurboWrite technology, which uses a large buffer size of up to 78GB 4 to enable faster write speeds.
In addition to the advancements in performance levels, the 970 PRO and EVO deliver exceptional endurance and reliability. Featuring a five-year warranty 5, or up to 1,200 terabytes written 6 – 50 percent higher than those provided for the previous generation 7 – the 970 PRO and EVO are built to last. The Dynamic Thermal Guard technology safeguards against overheating by automatically monitoring and maintaining optimal operating temperatures, while a heat spreader and new nickel-coated controller further lower the SSD temperatures.
The 970 PRO and EVO also provide greater system design flexibility for the high-performance computing systems. Offering a variety of high capacity options in a compact M.2 form factor – including the single-sided 2TB EVO model – the 970 series enables convenient storage expansion across a wide range of computing devices.
The 970 EVO will be offered in 250GB, 500GB, 1TB and 2TB 8 capacities, and the 970 PRO in 512GB and 1TB capacities. The 970 PRO and EVO will be available for purchase worldwide starting May 7, 2018, with manufacturer's suggested retail prices starting at $329.99 and $119.99 USD, respectively. For more information, including warranty details, please visit www.samsung.com/SSD, www.samsungssd.com.
Key Specifications
* Five years or TBW, whichever comes first
About Samsung Electronics America, Inc.
Headquartered in Ridgefield Park, N.J., Samsung Electronics America, Inc. (SEA), is a recognized innovative leader in consumer electronics, mobile devices and enterprise solutions. A wholly owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., SEA is pushing beyond the limits of today's technology and providing consumers and organizations with a portfolio of groundbreaking products in appliances, home entertainment, Internet of Things, mobile computing, smartphones, virtual reality, wireless infrastructure and wearables, in addition to offering leading content and services related to mobile payments, 360-degree VR video, customer support and more. Samsung is a pioneering leader in smartphones and HDTVs in the U.S. and one of America's fastest growing home appliance brands. To discover more about Samsung, please visit www.samsung.com. For the latest Samsung news, please visit news.samsung.com/us and follow us @SamsungNewsUS.
About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
Samsung inspires the world and shapes the future with transformative ideas and technologies. The company is redefining the worlds of TVs, smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, digital appliances, network systems, and memory, system LSI, foundry and LED solutions. For the latest news, please visit the Samsung Newsroom at http://news.samsung.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005368/en/
CONTACT: Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
Cat Forgione, 202-591-1120
samsungssd@allisonpr.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW JERSEY
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE NETWORKS TELECOMMUNICATIONS OTHER TECHNOLOGY MOBILE/WIRELESS
SOURCE: Samsung Electronics America, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 10:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 10:00 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005368/en
No. 2 Oklahoma will bring three All-Americans to the College Football Playoff.
Quarterback Baker Mayfield, offensive tackle Orlando Brown and tight end Mark Andrews of Oklahoma were selected to the Associated Press All-America team, giving the Sooners more players on the first team than any school. The All-America team, which dates to 1925 and was selected this season by a panel of 17 Top 25 voters, was released Monday.
Four of the top five vote-getters for the Heisman Trophy made the first team, including the runaway winner Mayfield. Stanford's Bryce Love, the Heisman runner-up, and San Diego State's Rashaad Penny, the nation's leading rusher and fifth-place finisher for the Heisman, were the first-team running backs. Penn State's Saquon Barkley, who finished fourth in the Heisman voting, made the team as an all-purpose player.
Louisville's Lamar Jackson, last year's Heisman winner and All-America quarterback, was selected to the second team.
———
ALL-AMERICA POINTS
— The other three playoff teams each have one player on the first team, all on the defensive side. No. 3 Georgia, which faces Oklahoma in the Rose Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1, is represented by linebacker Roquan Smith. No. 1 Clemson placed defensive end Clelin Ferrell on the first team. Alabama safety Minkah Fitzpatrick is the only player to make first-team All-America for the second straight season. The Tigers face the fourth-ranked Crimson Tide in the Sugar Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1.
— Notre Dame (offensive linemen Mike McGlinchey and Quenton Nelson), Ohio State (center Billy Price and cornerback Denzel Ward), Iowa (linebacker Josey Jewell and cornerback Josh Jackson) and Texas (safety DeShon Elliott and punter Michael Dickson) each have two players on the first team.
— Clemson had the most players selected to all three teams with six. Defensive tackle Christian Wilkins, linebacker Dorian O'Daniel and offensive tackle Mitch Hyatt made the second team. Defensive end Austin Bryant and guard Tyrone Crowder were third-team picks.
— Wisconsin placed five players on the three teams, led by linebacker T.J. Edwards on the first team. Running back Jonathan Taylor and tight Troy Fumagalli made the second team and offensive linemen David Edwards and Beau Benzschawel made the third team.
— Oklahoma had four picks overall with linebacker Ogbonnia Okoronkwo making the second team.
MOVING UP
— Four of the five All-America offensive linemen made either second- or third-team last year. Brown and Price moved up from second to first. McGlinchey and Nelson went from third to first.
— Mayfield also jumped from third team to first team. They were selected to the second team in 2015.
— Dickson and Barkley also made the third team last year and moved up to first this season, though Barkley was a third-team running back last year.
MOVING DOWN
— Jackson was not the only 2016 All-American to slide this season. Washington State guard Cody O'Connell went from first team to second team. Utah punter Mitch Wishnowsky went from first to third.
CONFERENCE CALL
First-team All-Americans by conference:
Big Ten — 7
Big 12 — 6
Pac-12 — 3
SEC — 3
ACC — 2
Independent — 2
American — 1
Mountain West — 1
———
All-Americans, all three teams, by conference:
SEC — 15
ACC — 14
Big Ten — 13
Big 12 — 12
Pac-12 — 11
Mountain West — 3
American — 2
C-USA — 2
Independent — 2
MAC — 1
———
Follow Ralph D. Russo at www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
———
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—Top25
At least 60 inmates died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas, including several who were beheaded or dismembered, in the biggest killing at a Brazilian prison since 1992.Amazonas State Public Security Secretary Sergio Fontes said that in addition to the deaths, some inmates escaped, but they did not say how many. They added that 40 had been recaptured.Twelve prison guards were held hostage by the inmates, though none was wounded."This is the biggest prison massacre in our state's history," Fontes said during a press conference. The riot at the Anisio Jobim Penitentiary Complex began Sunday afternoon and lasted until Monday morning.It was the largest death toll during a Brazilian prison riot since the killing of 111 inmates by police officers in the Carandiru Penitentiary in São Paulo in 1992. Police said they acted in self-defense then.Fontes confirmed that many of the dead had been beheaded and Judge Luis Carlos Valois, who negotiated the end of the riot with inmates, said they saw many bodies that were quartered."I never saw anything like that in my life. All those bodies, the blood," Valois wrote on Facebook.Authorities said the riot apparently grew out of a fight between two of the country's biggest crime gangs of the country over control of several prisons. Fontes said the inmates made few demands to end the riot, which hints at a killing spree organized by members of a local gang, the Family of the North, against those of the First Command of the Capital that is based in São Paulo.The secretary said that officers found a hole in a prison wall through which weapons entered the building. Several firearms were found in the post-riot search by police.The First Command, nationally known as PCC, is the most powerful drug and prison gang in Brazil and it has been trying to extend its reach to northern prisons dominated by the Family of the North.Valois said that during the negotiations, inmates only asked "that we did not transfer them, made sure they were not attacked and kept their visitation."The riot ended after the inmates freed the last of the 12 prison staffers they had held hostage, Valois said.In another prison in Amazonas, 87 inmates escaped in the first hours of Monday, Fonte said.One of the inmates posted a picture on Facebook as they left the prison.Amazonas police are investigating whether there is a link between the riot and the escape.
The Forum of Community Parent's Councils condemned, Monday evening, the Histadrut Hamorim teachers' union announcement that public-school classes from kindergarden to 12th grade will start at 11am, except for special education, which will start as usual.
The forum issued a statement that said, "The striking of studies causes disproportionately severe damage for children and parents. The striking of school tomorrow, if implemented in practice, will be a crossing of a red line. We parent cannot watch from the sidelines and we will have to take protest steps against the teachers."
Apple released macOS High Sierra 10.13.4 Developer Beta 6 on Monday. That likely means Apple is near the end of its beta development phase for this update to macOS High Sierra.
The two biggest known new features in this release cycle are Messages on iCloud and Business Chat. Users will also find the gorgeous wallpaper included with iMac Pro, shown below.
Messages on iCloud
This feature shifts local storage of iMessages to iCloud. Rather than storying everything locally and syncing everything up when you use your individual Apple devices, those devices will instead pull just recent messages from iCloud.
If you have lots of iMessages chats and group chats going—and if those chats are image, movie, or other files-heavy, this will save you gobs of space. For instance, my Messages folder is currently 11GB and growing. It will also make syncing on devices you don't use every day a lot faster.
Business Chat
Andrew Orr wrote up a great piece about Business Chat. Cribbing from that, Business Chat will work across Apple's devices like iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch, but not the Mac. Apple customers can start a conversation with a business from Safari, Maps, Spotlight, and Siri.
Apple Developer Betas
Developers can provision their Macs at the Apple Developer Connection. Macs that have been provisioned for the developer beta program will find the update in the Mac App Store.
AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis
SKARAMANGAS, Greece (AP) — Soccer fans of a certain age may still remember Antonis Nikopolidis for their resemblance to American actor George Clooney and as the goalkeeper who helped Greece become surprise European Champions in 2004. Now the country's national youth team coach, Nikopolidis is helping refugees stranded in Greece regain a sense of purpose. The soccer team they helped build, named Hope (Elpida in Greek), is made up of players who fled warzones in Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Afghanistan. Most of Hope's players live in Skaramangas, an industrial zone west of Athens where metal containers have been turned into shoebox-shaped homes. They compete in an amateur league on Sundays, facing teams made up of lawyers, telecom workers and accountants. Nikopolidis, a soft-spoken 46-year-old whose hair has turned silver in retirement, says team practices and matches provide a welcome distraction for young men facing uncertain futures in the European Union's slow-moving relocation program. “We're helping people who are at a difficult moment in their lives,” they said. “They are guests in our country, and we are trying with this team to give them a few hours of happiness.” Soccer is the main source of entertainment for many of the 60,000 refugees and economic migrants living in camps around Greece while they wait for asylum applications to be processed and a possible move elsewhere in Europe. “You have to spend your time (doing something) because it's very boring,” Hozaifa Hajdepo, 23, a Hope player from Syria, said. “If you stay in your home and you don't have work, you will be like – you will die.” The Union of European Football Associations, the governing body for soccer in Europe, has awarded grants to assist refugees in 15 countries. Some of the money that went to Greece is being used to sponsor Nikopolidis' team. Nearly 9,000 refugees have been moved from Greece to other European Union countries, and the coach already has lost several players. But with the pace of relocations still at just over half the target rate, most of the team expects to be in Greece for a while. “It's a joy for me to do this,” Nikopolidis said. “The main thing is that they enjoy it, that they have fun … We have created a group of friends, with bonds of friendship, a family.” — Theodora Tongas and Srdjan Nedeljkovic in Athens contributed. Follow Stavrakis at http://www.twitter.com/TStavrak and Gatopoulos at http://www.twitter.com/dgatopoulos
Comments
comments
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — An Afghan official says Taliban insurgents have targeted military checkpoints in eastern Ghazni province in two separate attacks, killing three Afghan soldiers.
Arif Noori, spokesperson for the provincial governor in Ghazni, says that five other soldiers were wounded in the attacks, which took place early on Tuesday
They also say the two districts were the attacks took place — Andar and Muqar — are now under the control of the Afghan security forces.
Taliban spokesperson Zabihullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for the attacks in Ghazni, saying the insurgents were able to overrun the checkpoints and seize weapons and ammunition.
The Taliban have stepped up attacks on Afghan security forces in recent years, capturing several districts across the country.
KALAMAZOO, Mich. (AP) — An immigration judge in Detroit has set bond at $10,000 for a Polish-born Michigan doctor arrested last week by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials because of two misdemeanor convictions about 25 years ago.
WWMT-TV reports Lukasz Niec was able to post bond and is expected to be released Thursday from the Calhoun County Jail.
ICE officials said Niec was arrested Jan. 16 for "administrative immigration violations" and that the 43-year-old can be deported for those 1992 convictions — malicious destruction of property and receiving stolen goods. They date back to when they were in high school.
Niec came to the U.S. legally as a young child.
Relatives say they pleaded guilty through a state program designed to help young offenders and was told it wouldn't be used in a deportation.
WOOD-TV reports Niec's next hearing is Feb. 22.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua (AP) — Influential business leaders in Nicaragua are calling for early elections to resolve a political standoff between President Daniel Ortega's government and protesters demanding their exit from office.
Carlos Pellas Chamorro is the country's most prominent business person. They said Wednesday that the Ortega government's political model is "worn out" and the solution is moving up the next election, due to take place in 2021.
Conglomerate Grupo Lafise Bancocentro also issued a statement calling for the will of the people to be heard through "the advancement of elections."
Protests that began in April over now-scrapped social security changes have since expanded into a broader movement seeking Ortega's exit.
Human rights observers say more than 80 people have been killed amid a harsh crackdown by government security forces and allied civilian groups.
Matthew shares this latest news from Isle of Wight Pride. Ed
Members of the Pride Committee engaged with a large number of Island people across the last weekend at two big events.
The First event, held at Coburgs in Ryde, saw a packed venue play host to various Island and mainland talents.
There were rainbow balloons, rainbow glitter beards and an energetic and fun-packed atmosphere which left a lasting impression on those who attended.
Peter Andrew, who performed in their role as “Proud Mary” said,
“The passion and energy in the room made my job a whole lot easier. Ive had some amazing feedback and it was great to see everyone getting into the spirit and supporting what is definitely going to be one of the “go-to” events of 2017.”
Next stop Quay Arts
The event at Coburgs finished at 2am and the next event started at 9am at Quay Arts in Newport, meaning a lack of sleep for those involved!
The Quay arts event enabled people of all ages (and notably species) to attend. Various Primary and secondary schools came along to show support for IWPride and showed a real desire to get involved in the event.
An amazing drawing was presented to us by Lola Parsons (Aged 8) who was delighted to draw what Pride means to them
Click on image to see larger version
We were visited by numerous Dogs during the day and this has given inspiration to a future Pride Pet event, – watch this space.
Engaged over 400 people
In all, well over 400 people engaged with IWPride in one way or another over the weekend. This includes people who want to get involved in sponsorship as well as people who volunteered their skills.
Treasurer of IWPride, John Brownscombe (pictured at the top), said,
“We are thankful to those organisations who showed a desire to support IWPride and we look forward to working with you all. “If any organisations feel that they can bring something to Pride, whether that is Money, or other forms of donations, we would be willing to talk further to you and the benefit that this could bring to your organisation.”
Over £1,200 donated
The events also enabled people to donate Chairman, Joe Plumb (pictured far right above), said,
“We are overwhelmed by the support shown this weekend, not just from the LGBTQ community, but also the wider Island community who wanted to show their solidarity. We raised over £1,200 this weekend which will be vital to helping ensure we put on a safe, exciting event for the Island on Saturday 15th July in Ryde. “Whilst we are hopeful that many visitors will come to the Island for the event, we also want to encourage Islanders to be able to participate and feel that they are an important part of Pride. “I want to thank all those who donated their time or skills this weekend to help with our Launch and look forward to working with many more eager people over the coming months with lots more events being planned prior to our main event.”
Stay in touch
Please visit our Website and sign up to our mailing list, or follow us on Twitter – @IWPride or Facebook.
Important information uncovered in relation to Karachi knife attacks, says CM Sindh
Chief Minister Sindh Murad Ali Shah said that an important clue had been found in relation to the knife attacks on women in the Gulistan-e-Jauhar area of Karachi, and that police had reason to believe that two suspects were involved in the attacks.
Since last week, fear has gripped residents of Gulistan-i-Jauhar after multiple reports of at least one attacker stabbing women in the area with a sharp object.
The police have launched a manhunt and an investigation into the motivation and identity of the attacker.
Three First Information Reports (FIRs) have been registered ─ two at the Sharea Faisal police station and one at the Gulistan-i-Jauhar police station ─ on the complaint of three women who said that they had been attacked by a lone “knife-wielding” motorcyclist.
Speaking to the media, the chief minister said that there is a reason to believe that two suspects ─ one from Sahiwal in Punjab and the other from Karachi ─ are involved in the attacks.
Expressing hope that the real criminal will soon be put behind bars, Shah added that both suspects are yet to be arrested. “We will not let anyone play with the law,” Shah added.
A day earlier, after police claimed to have made a key arrest in the case, another woman was stabbed and injured in Gulistan-i-Jauhar in the evening despite a heavy deployment of police at more than two dozen spots.
The 28-year-old woman, identified as Tahira Bano, was stabbed and wounded by a lone attacker riding a motorbike in the busy Rado Bakery area. They were admitted to a private hospital for treatment.
The incidents have not only emerged as a serious challenge for the police, they have also prompted political activists to question the effectiveness of the provincial PPP government.
MIAMI (CBSNewYork/AP) — The brother of the teen charged with killing 17 people at a Florida school was arrested Monday afternoon for trespassing at the same school, authorities said.
Zachary Cruz, 18, was arrested at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and charged with trespassing on school grounds, a Broward Sheriff's Office report said.
The teen was recorded by security cameras riding their skateboard at the school around 4:30 p.m. though they had received prior warnings from school officials to stay away from the campus, the report said.
Zachary Cruz told the arresting deputy that they were there to “reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in,” according to the report. It added that the teen had “surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride their skateboard through school grounds.”
The youth's brother, 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, has been charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder in connection with the Feb. 14 shooting.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Nikolas Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to have legally obtained a gun such as the AR-15 assault-style rifle used in the shooting.
Jail records didn't immediately list an attorney for Zachary Cruz.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
For one man fishing off the coast of Florida, an unusual catch was a high point of their birthday festivities.Jorge Bustamante reeled in what they believed was a huge bale of marijuana off the coast of Pompano Beach, Florida.When they posted about it on Instagram on Monday they called it "an early birthday gift from Pablo Escobar," adding that it was "a trip we won't forget for a long time."Bustamante said they called the Coast Guard, who came to "commandeer" their find.
HONOLULU (AP) — U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Friday that Olympics talks between North and South Korea should not distract from the internationally agreed goal of denuclearizing the North.
Mattis spoke during a photo session with South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo at U.S. Pacific Command headquarters.
Mattis welcomed the North-South talks but said a campaign of diplomatic pressure will continue unabated. They said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un should get the message that their nuclear and missile programs are unacceptable to the international community.
"Diplomacy should impose reason on Kim's reckless rhetoric and dangerous provocations," Mattis said. "The international pressure campaign must continue."
Song said the talks with the North are "about ultimately drawing the North into a dialogue with the United States."
South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha said at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, this week that the idea of using military force to stop North Korea's nuclear program was "unacceptable."
Mattis praised South Korea's efforts to enforce U.N. sanctions against the North. They thanked Song's government for impounding two ships "that were found violating United Nations resolutions" against transfers of certain kinds of cargo. They did not elaborate.
Educated Rich Liberal Snowflake: Remember Trumptards you couldn't vote for Hillary because they lie, can't be trusted and is unfit. Trump of course always tells the truth, was going to build a wall, repeal and replace Obamacare, and surround themselves with "all the best people", draining the swamp. LOL how's all that winning working out for you?
By Luke Baker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will host Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House on Wednesday, their first meeting since the inauguration and one that promises to shape the contours of Middle East policy for the years ahead.
On the agenda are some of the region's most volatile issues: the war in Syria, the Iran nuclear file and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, including Israel's settlement-building on occupied land and whether a Palestinian state will ever emerge.
Netanyahu, under investigation at home over allegations of abuse of office, spent much of Tuesday huddled with senior advisers in Washington preparing for the talks. Officials said they wanted no gaps to emerge between U.S. and Israeli thinking during the scheduled two-hour Oval Office meeting.
Attention will also be paid to body language. While the two men have known each other since the 1980s, Trump has shown a tendency when meeting other leaders to throw them off balance with lengthy, domineering handshakes.
For Netanyahu, a conservative who has spent 11 years in power but never previously overlapped with a Republican president, the gathering is an opportunity to reset ties after a frequently combative relationship with Democrat Barack Obama.
Dennis Ross, an Iran specialist and a Middle East coordinator under President Bill Clinton, said both parties had a vested interest in a successful meeting.
"It's going to succeed in no small part because both President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu have a very big stake in wanting to demonstrate that whatever the problems were with the last administration, they are now gone," Ross said in a briefing organized by The Israel Project, an advocacy group. "And that in no small part they were attributable to the last administration, meaning to President Obama."
Social media exchanges suggested a budding bromance between Netanyahu and Trump, who has pledged to be the "best friend" Israel has ever had in the White House. But the U.S. president has more recently tempered their pro-Israel stance.
COMMON GROUND?
Trump, who has been in office less than four weeks and has already been immersed in problems including the forced resignation of their national security adviser, brings with them an unpredictability that Netanyahu's staff hope will not impinge on the discussions.
During the election campaign, Trump was relentlessly pro-Israel in their rhetoric, promising to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, backing David Friedman, an ardent supporter of settlements, as their Israeli envoy and saying that they would not put pressure on Israel to negotiate with the Palestinians.
That tune, which was music to Netanyahu's ears and to the increasingly restive right-wing within their coalition, has since changed, making Wednesday's talks critical for clarity.
Trump appears to have put the embassy move on the backburner, at least for now, after warnings about the potential for regional unrest, including from Jordan's King Abdullah.
And rather than giving Israel free rein on settlements, the White House has said building new ones or expanding existing ones beyond their current borders would not be helpful to peace.
That would appear to leave Israel room to build within existing settlements without drawing U.S. condemnation, in what is the sort of gray area the talks are expected to touch on.
Friedman, who has yet to be confirmed as U.S. ambassador to Israel, will not be participating in Wednesday's talks.
For the Palestinians, and much of the rest of the world, settlements built on occupied land are illegal under international law. Israel disputes that, but faces increasing criticism over the policy from allies, especially after Netanyahu's announcement in the past three weeks of plans to build 6,000 new settler homes across the West Bank.
Even more freighted than settlements is the question of a two-state solution - the idea of Israel and Palestine living side-by-side and at peace - which has been the bedrock of U.S. diplomacy for the past two decades.
Netanyahu committed to the two-state goal in a speech in 2009 and has broadly reiterated the aim since. But given regional instability and long-running divisions in Palestinian politics, some Israeli officials argue that the time is not ripe for a Palestinian state to emerge.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — Carter Hutton made 33 saves and Ivan Barbashev broke a scoreless tie in the second period to help the St. Louis Blues beat the Montreal Canadiens 3-1 on Tuesday night.
St. Louis, which beat Montreal for the fifth successive time, has won five of six overall. The struggling Canadiens have lost 11 of 15.
Patrik Berglund pushed the lead to 2-0 with a power-play goal early in the third. Alexander Steen added an empty-netter with 2:17 left.
Charles Hudon ended Hutton's shutout bid by scoring a 6-on-4 goal with 1:07 remaining.
Hutton has started the Blues' last six games and appears to have supplanted Jake Allen as their No. 1 netminder. A 32-year-old journeyman, Hutton improved to 13-4-1. They have stopped 94 of their past 96 shots and is 8-1-1 in their last 10 starts.
Barbashev, who spent 21 games in the minors this season, whipped a wrist shot past goalie Carey Price from the top of the faceoff circle at 4:38 of the second.
Berglund scored their seventh of the season on the rebound of a shot by Tage Thompson. The Blues had come up empty on their previous 34 power-play attempts against the Canadiens dating back to Jan. 20, 2010.
Montreal is 2-4-2 in its last eight games and remains 10 points out of a playoff spot in the Eastern Conference.
NOTES: Montreal C Phillip Danault missed their seventh consecutive game with a concussion. ... The Blues have earned at least one point in eight of their last 10 games against Montreal. ... Canadiens D Joe Morrow returned to the lineup in place of Jordie Benn. Morrow had been a healthy scratch in the previous seven games. ... The Canadiens recorded the first nine shots of the game.
UP NEXT
Canadiens: Play at Carolina on Thursday.
Blues: Play at Boston on Thursday.
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Catch up on
Silence of the Lambs: (Available on Hulu) This 1991 film, directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins, is one of the creepiest screen experiences of all time. The film includes a scene using Tom Petty's “American Girl” in which a young woman is cruising down a Memphis highway late at night happily singing along with song, while the lyrics hinting at the terror awaiting them Sadly, Petty died on Monday, at age 66, and Oscar-winning “Lambs” director Demme in April, at age 73.
This week
Madam Secretary: (10 p.m. Sunday on CBS) In the Season 4 premiere; Téa Leoni as Secretary of State Elizabeth McCord is blamed in a fake-news story for a diplomat's death.
The Last Ship: (10 p.m. Sunday on TNT) Season 4 finale is a final showdown with the fate of humanity on the line, Chandler confronts their enemy and their personal demons.
Supergirl: (8 p.m. Monday on CW) In the Season 3 premiere, the Girl of Steel (Melissa Benoist), after being forced to banish their boyfriend from Earth in last season's finale, pushes aside their humanity and dedicates themselves to being Supergirl. The series gets a new villain Reign (Odette Annable), who doesn't know they were bio-engineered creation of Krypton.
Dynasty: (9 p.m. Wednesday on CW) This rebooted ‘80s primetime soap comes from “Gossip Girl” creators Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage. Relocated to Atlanta, this more diverse saga concerns two of America's wealthiest families. It stars Grant Show, Elizabeth Gillies, Nathalie Kelley, James Mackay, and Alan Dale. PREMIERE
Riverdale: (8 p.m. Wednesday on CW) The Season 2 premiere of the fun teen soap set in the Archie universe will tell us if Archie's dad (Luke Perry) survives being shot.
Mr. Robot: (10 p.m. Wednesday on the USA) In the opening of Season 3, Elliot (Rami Malek) realizes their mission and that they need help from Angela (Portia Doubleday), while Darlene (Carly Chaikin) worries about them coming out clean. Bobby Cannavale joins the cast.
The Shannara Chronicles: (10 p.m. Wednesday on Spike) Season 2 of the fantasy series finds a mysterious figure interrupting Wil's new life.
I Love You, America: (Available Thursday on Hulu) Sarah Silverman hosts this topical weekly show.
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend: (8 p.m. Friday on CW) After being left at the altar in last year's finale, Rebecca (Rachel Bloom) and their girl squad are going to make their former fiancé's life hell in in Season 3.
The Babysitter: (Available Friday on Netflix) McG-directed Netflix original horror film stars Bella Thorne, Leslie Bibb and Robbie Amell.
Kingdom of Us: (Available Friday on Netflix) A documentary about a mother and their seven children trying to come to terms with the suicide of the children's father.
Lore: (Available Thursday on Hulu) New horror anthology series from “The Walking Dead” producer Gale Anne Hurd is based on the podcast of the same name. Each of the six episodes tells a frightening but fact-based story — many of which served as the inspirations for classic works in the history of the horror genre.
The Meyerowitz Stories: (Available Friday on Netflix) Noah Baumbach's latest feature is the story of an estranged family's reunion, focusing on the relationship between Dustin Hoffman's artist father and their sons, half-brothers played by Ben Stiller and Adam Sandler.
Mindhunter: (Available Friday on Netflix) David Fincher-produced series set 1979 stars Holt McCallany and Jonathan Groff as FBI agents who solve murders with advice gleaned from interviews of imprisoned serial killers. Fincher directs the pilot.
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective: (9 p.m. Saturday on BBC America) Joining the cast for the second season of the quirky sc-fi mystery are Alan Tudyk, John Hannah, and Tyler Labine.
Tokyo Project: (10 p.m. Saturday on HBO) Starring Elisabeth Moss, Ebon Moss-Bachrach and Shu Kakizawa, this short film explores a mysterious romance between two Americans in a foreign land.
Two men suspected of a carjacking in Connecticut were killed when the stolen car crashed into a synagogue following a police chase.
New Haven police say the two suspects claimed to have a handgun and took the victim's 2005 Toyota Highlander around 12:15 a.m. Monday. The victim was not injured.
A little more than an hour later an officer spotted the stolen car, called for backup, and began pursuing the suspects.
The stolen car crashed into the Congregation Beth El Keser Synagogue.
The suspects' names have not been released. New Haven police say the investigation has been turned over to the Connecticut State Police and the state's attorney's office.
Hundreds of local residents came out to admire classic cars and enjoy food and music, with the proceeds going to a local charity.
St. Nicholas Catholic Church, Laguna Country Methodist Church and The Florence Sylvester Memorial Senior Center collaborated with Lutheran Church of the Cross to hold the “Hot Cars for Meals On Wheels” charity fundraiser on Sunday.
Although this was Church of the Cross' third car show hosted at its El Toro Road campus, this is the first year it was a joint event for charity.
About 50 cars participated in the show, attended by more than 300 people, with the goal to raise money for Age Well Senior Services' Meals on Wheels program.
The proceeds will go toward funding the daily meals distributed to homebound seniors within the community, Lisa Gibson, dietitian for the Meals on Wheels program, said.
Last year, the Meals on Wheels program served over 380,000 meals through the Florence Sylvester Memorial Senior Center, Shirley Witt, center director, said.
“Nutrition plays a major role in disease prevention and recovery. Adults who have recently been hospitalized are at increased risk of becoming malnourished.”
Gibson said they are happy with the fundraising event and hopes it will increase awareness of the program.
“It's a great collaboration that we've gotten into with the churches and really working with the faith-based organizations,” Gibson said. “Age Well is a nonprofit and we do get some money from the government to provide the meals, but not enough to cover 100 percent of the meals.”
Contact the writer: rasmussen.emily22@gmail.com
Getty Image
The Golden State Warriors are taking a swing at the NBA All-Star Game, and they're using a new arena to lure it to San Francisco.
ESPN reported on Friday that the Warriors are submitting a bid for the league's annual All-Star Game. The bid is described as “murky” but sources said the Warriors are trying to get the 2021 All-Star Game.
The key to the new deal appears to be the Warriors' new 18,000-seat arena in the Mission Bay area of San Francisco, which is expected to open before 2021.
Granbury School Superintendent Jim Largent announced Monday that they will challenge Mike Lang of Granbury for the District 60 House of Representatives seat. Lang is seeking a second term.
“I am very concerned that too many politicians today are taking marching orders from powerful special interests and no longer represent the people who elected them,” Largent said. “When politicians care more about pleasing a handful of wealthy elites than standing up for their districts, communities like ours lose our representation.”
Largent, 52, will run against Lang in the March 6 Republican primary. Largent said they will remain superintendent during the campaign and will retire if elected.
NEW YORK (AP) — Social media is a daily way of life for many Americans.
Nearly half of Americans who use the internet say they use Facebook at least several times a day, making it easily the most popular social media site. And Facebook-owned Instagram comes in No. 2.
So whether you're reaching for your phone before getting out of bed in the morning, or logging on to procrastinate during work, chances are you see the little blue "F'' icon more often than you take a shower.
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 12 percent of Americans who are online use Facebook "almost constantly," while 34 percent use it several times a day. About 15 percent use it once a day, and only 12 percent of Americans don't have a Facebook account at all.
More women than men check Facebook more than once a day — 57 percent of women compared to 36 percent of men, according to the poll. Younger people are on Facebook more than older people. About 62 percent of adults under 30 check the site several times a day or more, while only 30 percent of adults 60 or over do. About 54 percent of adults 30 to 44 check multiple times a day, as do 43 percent of adults aged 45 to 59.
Jim Mazzarese, 73, a retired airline manager from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, is one senior who checks Facebook on their phone several times a day when they get notifications. They have a bit of a love-hate relationship with the site.
"It gets me crazy when I see opinions other than mine, it gets my blood pressure going up — but it's a lot of fun," they said. They appreciate how Facebook has let them connect with people from when they were growing up "100 years ago."
What about the other social media sites?
Seventeen percent of Americans say they check Instagram throughout the day, and 10 percent say that about Snapchat. For all of the attention that President Donald Trump gets for their tweets, only 7 percent of Americans say they use the micro-blogging site several times a day. Just 5 percent say they spend that much time on WhatsApp, and 4 percent say the same of Reddit.
Is it actually healthy to check in with Facebook so much?
In a blog post in December, Facebook acknowledged that users should be mindful of the issue. A study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology the same month found University of Michigan students randomly assigned to read Facebook for 10 minutes were in a worse mood at the end of the day than students assigned to post or talk to friends on the platform.
Meanwhile, a study that Facebook research director David Ginsberg conducted with a Carnegie Mellon professor showed that sending or receiving direct messages or posts and comments on one's timeline tends to boost psychological well-being.
Worldwide, Facebook has 1.4 billion daily active users out of 2.2 billion total, so most active Facebook users check in at least once a day.
___
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.0 percentage points.
___
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
If you bought an HP laptop any time in the last five years, it could be tracking your every key stroke.
Over the weekend HP revealed that nearly 500 of its notebooks dating as far back as 2012 shipped with a secret keylogger installed. Alongside the announcement, HP released driver updates to eradicate the software on affected laptops.
Security researcher Michael Myng discovered the keylogger when probing the Synaptics touchpad software on an HP laptop. HP's security bulletin says the “potential security vulnerability” affects all laptops with “certain versions of Synaptics touchpad drivers”—not necessarily just HP models. The keylogger is disabled by default, however.
“A party would need administrative privileges in order to take advantage of the vulnerability,” the bulletin states. “Neither Synaptics nor HP has access to customer data as a result of this issue.” HP told Myng that the keylogger was a debugging tool.
The same security bulletin includes separate software updates for every HP laptop loaded with the keylogger, and HP says you should install those updates “as soon as possible.”
CSO counted them all up and found a total of 475 affected laptops, with 303 being consumer laptops. Spectre, Envy, Pavilion, Omen, Compaq—they all contain the keylogger.
You'll need to know your laptop's model number to download the correct software package. You can find HP laptop model numbers by looking for the information on a sticker on the bottom of the machine. If you don't see the sticker, you can press Fn + Esc simultaneously to summon HP's System Information window.
You're looking for the “product name” entry. Once you know it, head to HP's security bulletin, press Ctrl + F, and type in your laptop's details to quickly find the correct update for your system. You don't want to sift through all 475 listings individually to find the right one!
This isn't the first time HP has run into keylogging trouble in 2017. In May, HP patched 30 laptops after a diagnostic update to their audio drivers accidentally resulted in every stroke being captured and saved to a local file.
We're leaving superb systems like the HP Spectre x360 on PCWorld's list of the best laptops since the actions weren't nefarious, but here's hoping the company steps up its software quality assurance going forward.
The Oklahoma state legislature has advanced a bill that would require pregnant women seeking abortions to get permission from the baby's father.
The Public Health Committee of the lower house of the state legislature approved the bill by 5-2, advancing it to the floor of the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
The legislation would require women to get written consent from the baby's father and to identify the father in writing to their physician before having an abortion. The measure would not apply in cases of rape, incest, or if the woman's life is in danger.
If the person identified as the father wants to contest paternity, they can demand a DNA test, according to the bill summary.
The bill's author, state Rep. Justin Humphrey, described pregnant women as "hosts" for fetuses in an interview with The Intercept, according to an article published Monday.
Humphrey told The Intercept that they wanted the father to have a say. “I believe one of the breakdowns in our society is that we have excluded the man out of all of these types of decisions," they said.
As to women who want an abortion, Humphrey said, "I'm like, hey, your body is your body, and be responsible with it. But after you're irresponsible then don't claim, well, I can just go and do this with another body, when you're the host and you invited that in."
Humphrey, a Republican, was elected in 2016. ABC News could not immediately reach Humphrey for comment.
Oklahoma House of Representatives
The bill has faced wide criticism, including the charge that it is unconstitutional under the 1992 Supreme Court ruling in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, which held that a Pennsylvania's spousal-notification provision imposed an undue burden on women seeking abortions and was therefore invalid.
Laura McQuade, president and CEO of Planned Parenthood Great Plains, called Humphrey's comments describing women as hosts "repugnant," adding that although they are "indicative" of the "political and media climate in which we live," it is "shocking" someone would feel comfortable "saying it out loud."
"This is an outrageous affront to women, women's autonomy and women's decisionmaking capacity," McQuade said of the bill.
McQuade contends the proposed law is unconstitutional under the 1992 court ruling. And they pointed to another Supreme Court decision last year in Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, which McQuade said "basically said that the state does not have the right to put in place barriers solely for the purpose of restricting abortion access."
"If it is medically unnecessary, or if the intent of the law is solely to block the access to abortion, it is unconstitutional," McQuade said.
Abortion rights organization NARAL Pro-Choice America called the Oklahoma bill a "dangerous escalation of efforts by a radical fringe to impose their rigid ideology on the rest of us."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Hackers used ransomware to take down the website of the energy ministry in Ukraine today.
Reports claim a message was posted in English, demanding a ransom of 0.1 bitcoin, worth around £665.58 by today's exchange rate.
Ukrainian cyber-police spokesperson Yulia Kvitko told Reuters the attack was an isolated incident with no other government departments affected.
They have been quoted as saying: “This case is not large-scale. If necessary, we are ready to react and help
“Our specialists are working right now… We do not know how long it will take to resolve the issue.”
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Two major U.S. and Mexican labor federations said they have filed a complaint under the North American Free Trade Agreement against Mexican laws that allow companies to sign contracts with employer-friendly unions before they even open a plant in the country.
The complaint by the AFL-CIO and Mexico's UNT was filed Thursday with the U.S. National Administrative Office of the North American Agreement on Labor Cooperation, known as NAALC. The office was created under the NAFTA sidebar agreements, but has been criticized as having little power.
"The heart of the problem is the 'protection contract'... signed between an employer and an employer-dominated union without the involvement or even the knowledge of the workers," according to the complaint. "In some cases, contracts are signed even before a company hires its first worker."
Mexican autoworkers have protested against contracts signed by automakers like BMW and Audi years before they opened plants here, which allow the companies to pay workers as little as $1.40 per hour.
In the case of Audi, the company apparently hired around 20 people, including pro-company union leaders, who signed a contract in 2014 specifying low wages. When the plant opened in 2016, the over 5,000 workers eventually hired had no say on the contract or their leaders.
The complaint says the pro-company contracts were the reason that "the enormous wage disparity between Mexico and the United States has not changed during the 24 years since NAFTA was ratified."
While Mexico has in theory passed a reform law requiring secret-ballot votes in union elections, the ruling party has proposed secondary legislation that would basically erase that requirement, and allow pro-company, pro-government unions undue power in certifying union representation.
Israeli diamond magnate Beny Steinmetz arrives at a court in Rishon Lezion near Tel Aviv on August 14, 2017 (AFP Photo/JACK GUEZ)
Jerusalem (AFP) - Israeli police on Monday detained diamond magnate Beny Steinmetz and four others as part of an international money laundering investigation, authorities said.
Tal Silberstein, an adviser to Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern, was also among those detained, as was the acting chairperson of Israeli telecommunications firm Bezeq.
It was the second time Steinmetz had been detained by Israeli authorities since December, when they were placed under house arrest as part of a corruption probe involving mining deals in the African nation of Guinea.
Besides the Guinea investigation, the Israeli billionaire was charged in Romania last year with forming an organised criminal group and money laundering in a property-related case that cost the state $145 million.
Israeli police said five suspects had been detained on Monday morning for questioning on suspicions including money laundering, fraud, forgery, obstruction of justice and bribery.
Homes and offices were also searched.
The suspects were not named in the statement, nor were details provided on where the alleged offences may have occurred.
However, police later said those detained included Steinmetz and Silberstein.
Both men appeared in a magistrates court later Monday in Rishon Lezion near Tel Aviv and had their remands extended until Thursday.
Kern's Social Democrats issued a statement saying they will no longer work with Silberstein "after the legal accusations that have emerged out of Israel today".
Silberstein has also worked as an adviser to former Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert.
Bezeq said its interim chairperson David Granot was also detained for questioning, but added that the investigation did not involve the company.
Israeli police said they were "investigating a number of suspects since the morning on suspicion that they worked systematically with the main suspect in order to produce and present fictitious contracts and transactions, including in the field of real estate in a foreign country, for the purpose of money transfers and money laundering".
The investigation was being conducted with "international cooperation", they said.
Steinmetz controls mining firm BSG Resources and has a net worth estimated by Forbes of $1.02 billion, making them the 17th-richest person in Israel.
In December, they were ordered to remain under house arrest until January 2.
At the time, BSG Resources issued a statement calling the allegations against Steinmetz "baseless".
burs-mjs/dr
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
FREMONT COUNTY, Iowa - On Sunday afternoon, Javier Romero-Ochoa of Kansas City was arrested for possession with intent to distribute over five kilograms of methamphetamine, failure to affix a drug tax stamp and operating a motor vehicle without a license.
The Fremont County Sheriff's Office said a narcotics K-9 found approximately 18 pounds of meth after the vehicle was stopped for multiple traffic violations.
Romero-Ochoa is being held at the Fremont County Jail on a cash bond of $100,000.
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. -- Clemson seems to have found its footing again after a rough patch and now the No. 20 Tigers try to prevent Wake Forest from gaining much traction.
"The team feels good about the way we're playing," said Clemson coach Brad Brownell, whose Tigers will play for the third time in seven days.
Clemson visits Wake Forest on Saturday afternoon at Joel Coliseum, where the Demon Deacons broke a seven-game losing streak by winning Wednesday night against Florida State.
The Tigers appeared in danger of falling out of the national rankings, but beating host Georgia Tech on Sunday followed two nights later by gaining revenge on North Carolina puts them back in good shape as they're tied for second place in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Clemson (18-4, 7-3 ACC) can move alone into second place by defeating Wake Forest because Duke, which also shares second place, plays a non-conference game this weekend.
The Tigers, after stalling miserably in a loss at first-place Virginia, rediscovered some offensive flow. Against North Carolina, they made a season-high 15 shots from 3-point range on the way to an 82-78 victory, marking their most points in an ACC game this season.
Those came from a variety of sources.
"It was good to see some freshmen come in and play very well," Brownell said.
Clemson's 27 free-throw attempts also signaled a high mark in league play for the team.
The 3-pointers, which earlier this week marked the third-highest single-game total in school history, might not come easily for the Tigers in this game. Wake Forest has limited seven of its 10 ACC opponents to seven or fewer 3s.
Meanwhile, much of Wake Forest's success depends on shooting. The Demon Deacons are 8-1 when posting a higher shooting percentage than their opponent.
WWE Smackdown Live
Here are your quick and dirty, editorial-free WWE Smackdown Live results for April 24, 2018. The show was headlined by a six-man tag team match teaming AJ Styles with Luke Gallows and Karl Anderson against Shinsuke Nakamura and Rusev Day. Be back here tomorrow for the full Best and Worst of Smackdown Live column.
WWE Smackdown Live Results:
– Miz was supposed to interview Daniel Bryan on Miz TV, but was interrupted by Big Cass. Cass said they are living in Daniel Bryan's shadow, and would injure them again. Backstage, Daniel Bryan was found on the ground, having been attacked.
1. The IIconics defeated Becky Lynch and Asuka. Peyton Royce pinned Lynch with a roll-up, giving Asuka a loss in their Smackdown debut.
2. Jimmy Uso defeated Erick Rowan. Uso won with a roll-up after a distraction from Naomi.
– Carmella repeatedly showed a highlight video of themselves and tried to make the crowd cheer for them Charlotte Flair interrupted and slammed Carmella's head on a table and flipped it over onto them This was a contract signing.
3. Shelton Benjamin defeated Randy Orton. This was supposed to be Benjamin vs. Jeff Hardy, but Orton interrupted Hardy during their entrance and took their place. Hardy sat in on commentary and was attacked by a masked man. Orton unmasked the man as Sunil Singh, then hit them with an RKO. Benjamin used the distraction to hit Paydirt and win the match.
4. Shinsuke Nakamura and Rusev Day defeated AJ Styles, Luke Gallows and Karl Anderson. Nakamura pinned Gallows. After the match, Styles attacked Nakamura. Nakamura countered with a low blow, and was going to hit Styles with a Kinshasa until Anderson jumped between them and took it himself. Nakamura then hit a second Kinshasa on Anderson.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition — armor-piercing bullets.
The documents don't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack. Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where they said they didn't notice anything suspicious when they sold the tracer rounds to Paddock.
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at their home in suburban Phoenix, Paddock went to their car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig, the complaint said.
"I had no contribution to what Paddock did," Haig told reporters earlier Friday, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought. "I had no way to see into their mind."
A phone message left for Haig's attorney, Marc Victor, wasn't immediately returned.
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock's hotel room with Haig's fingerprints had an "incendiary capsule" on their noses, the documents said. A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig's backyard workshop, according to the complaint.
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition.
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States, including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina.
They appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition they not possess guns or ammunition. If convicted, they could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $250,000.
Haig and their business partner, whose name wasn't provided, sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show, according to the complaint.
The next month, Haig said they met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that they were well-dressed and polite.
They didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted them several days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home.
Haig said they were shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed them of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect their reputation after they were revealed earlier this week to be a "person of interest" in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after their name was not redacted in court documents.
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators don't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when they sold ammunition to Paddock. The official wasn't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with their name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below.
They gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told them that "he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for their friends. I can't remember whether they used the word 'with' or 'for.' But they said that they were going out at night to shoot it with friends."
Haig, who has closed their ammunition business, said they have received unwanted media attention and death threats since their name was released.
The FBI didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas, which declined to comment.
———
Associated Press writers Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles and Regina Garcia Cano in Las Vegas contributed to this report.
———
Follow Jacques Billeaud at www.twitter.com/jacquesbilleaud . Their work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/jacques%20billeaud .
In 1791 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, like their American contemporary, Alexander Hamilton, was writing like they were running out of time. Deep in debt, scrambling for commissions and suffering from ill health, the composer nevertheless managed to produce some of their greatest creations.
As an opening theme of its 2017-18 season, the Los Angeles Philharmonic and music director Gustavo Dudamel have been focusing attention on the works created by Mozart during that fateful year.
Thursday night's concert at Walt Disney Concert Hall (which will be repeated tonight, Saturday night and Sunday afternoon) combined a deeply emotional virtuoso performance of the Clarinet Concerto in A major (K. 622) with Martin Fröst as soloist, followed by a surprisingly less than magical abbreviation of Mozart's opera, “The Magic Flute.”
In past seasons, Dudamel has showed themselves a masterful interpreter of Mozart's three “Italian” operas: “The Marriage of Figaro,” “Don Giovanni” and “Cosi fan tutte.” Thursday's concert, even in an abbreviated form, offered Dudamel the chance to add “The Magic Flute” to that list.
It all started well with Dudamel and the orchestra offering a performance of the overture that was both sonorous and light as air. Then tenor Paul Appleby rushed on stage as the opera's hero, Tamino, fleeing an unseen serpent. The minimal staging (in concert dress) took on a playful contemporary note when the trio of ladies that serve the Queen of the Night (Gabriella Reyes de Ramirez, Emily D'Angelo and Sara Couben) slayed the imaginary beast and exchanged a series of high-fives.
From that point on the performances, with its odd compacting of Mozart's two-act opera into a 50-minute version, proved more awkward than revealing. If you are not already familiar with “The Magic Flute” you may find yourself struggling to connect the dots.
The opera's chorus of Priests and two of its major characters — the evil Moor, Monostatos, and the all-important role of the High Priest, Sarastro — are totally omitted. And while a case could be made for cutting out Monostatos, deleting the role of Sarastro deprives the opera of its moral center and most profound aria, “O Isis und Osiris,” once described by George Bernard Shaw as “the only music that could without fear be put into the mouth of God.”
Julia Bullock, a young rising star soprano, sang the role of Pamina, but without the degree of luster they have demonstrated previously. Appleby's Pamino was ardent but lacked the ideal Mozartian balance of lyricism and strength.
The lion's share of attention seemed to be given to bass-baritone Elliot Madore as the comic bird catcher, Papagano. Madore's voice is able but their constant mugging and lack of variety became tiresome.
Jessica Pratt hit nearly all their high notes clearly as the Queen of the Nights, but was less than dynamic and tempestuous. The trio of boys that serve as guides, were given more attention than they deserve. An audience pleaser, they were sung adequately by Jack Fagan, Brandon Takahashi and Enzo Grappone. The performance ended on note of trivial delight with Vanessa Becerra as Papagena.
The orchestra, however, was consistently lustrous throughout. And hopefully at some point Dudamel will be able to apply their efforts to a full staging.
In contrast, the first half of the concert was totally satisfying as Frost performed the Clarinet Concerto in manner that was both wistful, somber and lyrical, the three elements that pervaded Mozart's spirit in their final year.
Jim Farber is a Los Angeles-based freelance writer.
The Magic Flute
Rating: 3 stars.
Where: Walt Disney Concert Hall, 111 S. Grand Ave., Los Angeles.
When: 8 p.m. today and Saturday, Oct. 6-7, and 2 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 8.
Tickets: $72-$205.
Length: 1 hr., 50 mins., with one intermission.
Suitability: For all audiences.
Information: 323-850-2000, www.laphil.com.
By David Knox
Sports Editor
CLAY – In what was supposed to be a showdown in Class 6A, Region 6, instead it was a showoff.
Clay-Chalkville whipped Gardendale in the trenches and powered away to a dominating 41-7 win at Cougar Stadium on Friday night.
The Cougars (6-1, 3-1 in Region 6) put themselves in good position in the region race with the win over the Rockets (4-3, 2-1). They trail Pinson Valley by a half-game (though the Indians hold the tiebreaker since they beat Clay) and now lead Gardendale by a half-game (but now own the tiebreaker).
The Cougars piled up an unofficial 315 yards rushing and added 70 through the air for 385 yards of total offense.
“I thought we did a good job being physical in the box and our offense did a good job kind of sorting some things out that they do that presents some problems for us,” Cougars coach Drew Gilmer said. “But I thought we did a good job sorting it out. I thought we were very physical and that's what we've got to be.”
Gilmer cited Jack Jones and Noah Tatum as a couple of linemen that stood out, but they said they thought across the board the line played well. “I thought just as a unit we really played together and that's very important.” Meanwhile, the defense was even more impressive, holding the Rockets to an unfathomable 36 yards of total offense for the game – 16 yards rushing and 20 passing. The Rockets had just five first downs – all in the first half.
The Rockets, who were playing without quarterback Michael Crowder after they were injured early in the second quarter, managed just 5 yards rushing in the second half as Gardendale simply tried to run Stephen Lancaster and Conner Howell on quarterback sweeps.
“The defense played good,” Gilmer said. “They got handcuffed a little bit when the quarterback went down, but I thought defensively we played really well. I thought we were physical again, I thought we controlled the line of scrimmage all night and I thought we did a pretty good job tackling. We got sloppy in the middle, leaving our feet on tackles, that we've got to clean up.”
The Rockets' only bright spot came on Kendale Allen's 88-yard kickoff return for a touchdown after Clay had opened the scoring on Quentin Young's 2-yard TD run. Landon Erbrick's extra point gave the Rockets a 7-6 brief lead.
After that, it was all Cougars.
Young (138 yards on 15 carries) scored three times on runs of 2, 20 and 18 yards. Curtis Blakely (154 yards on 15 carries) added a 1-yard scoring run and Willie Miller threw touchdown passes of 7 yards to Roderick McCloud and 22 yards to Terrill Cole. Jaren Van Winkel kicked five of six extra points.
Given that the only score was allowed by the special teams, Sean Talsma's defense hasn't allowed a point in three games.
The Cougars left some points on the board, with a couple of touchdowns called back due to penalty. They also fumbled a punt and allowed the return for a score.
“There's stuff we've got to clean up,” Gilmer said. “One was definitely a hold I saw, some others I'll have to look at and see. But you're going to have some of those, we just have to try and eliminate them.”
The key region win keeps the Cougars in the hunt for a region title, if someone can knock off Pinson Valley, and certainly puts them in good position to earn a home game in round one of the playoffs as the region runner-up.
“We're on track for what we've got to do,” Gilmer said “We've still got Carver and still got Minor (in region play) to take care of business there. We're still on track to accomplish what we want to accomplish.”
Carver is up next. The Cougars will travel to face the Rams in a rare Saturday night game. Kickoff is 7 p.m.
Carver knocked off Minor 21-14 Friday night to improve to 5-1, 2-1 in the region to put itself in good position to make the playoffs. Clay-Chalkville now holds a 6-0 record all-time against the Rockets.
Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon watches from the dugout the final out of the fifth inning during in Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
A look at what's happening all around the majors today:
___
KRYPTONITE
Justin Turner and the major league-best Dodgers try to solve nemesis Robbie Ray (15-5, 2.89 ERA, 218 Ks) and take a 2-0 lead over the Diamondbacks in their NL Division Series. Ray dominated the Dodgers during the regular season, going 3-0 in five starts with a 2.27 ERA and a whopping 53 strikeouts in 31 2/3 innings. They even went 5 for 12 (.417) at the plate with two RBIs. But the left-hander threw 34 pitches over 2 1/3 innings in relief Wednesday during Arizona's wild-card win over Colorado, so it will be interesting to see how fresh they look. Los Angeles counters with lefty Rich Hill (12-8, 3.32), who had a 2.77 ERA at home this year. They were 0-3 with a 5.03 ERA in four starts against the Diamondbacks overall.
ARMS RACE
Kyle Hendricks and the Cubs beat Nationals ace Stephen Strasburg 3-0 in a well-pitched opener Friday night. On deck, it's a matchup of veteran left-handers in Game 2 of their NL Division Series at 5:38 p.m. EDT. Jon Lester (13-8) starts for the defending World Series champions against Gio Gonzalez (15-9) and Washington after two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer was pushed back to Game 3 because of a tender hamstring. Gonzalez said they had been preparing to pitch Monday at Wrigley Field until they were told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2. Lester won their final two starts, allowing one run over 11 innings, after compiling an 8.22 ERA in their previous five games.  They are 9-7 with a 2.63 ERA in their postseason career.
TAKE A BREAK
Boston's pitchers get a breather after being battered by the Astros in the first two games of their ALDS, and nearly all the arms need a rest in the Yankees-Indians series following Friday's extra-inning showdown. Houston leads its best-of-five matchup 2-0 after a pair of 8-2 wins, including a three-homer outburst from Jose Altuve on Thursday and long balls from Carlos Correa and George Springer on Friday. The Red Sox and Game 3 starter Doug Fister will plot for Houston during a workout at Fenway Park before that series resumes Sunday. New York and Cleveland will get a practice day at Yankee Stadium.
EVALUATING EDWIN
Cleveland is hoping for good news on slugger Edwin Encarnacion, who left Friday's 9-8, 13-inning win over the Yankees with a sprained right ankle. The injury looked bad — Encarnacion rolled in the infield dirt in obvious pain after going awkwardly into second base — but an MRI showed only the sprain. Indians manager Terry Francona said late Friday that Encarnacion is day to day.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
BC-BBA--Top Ten
BASEBALL'S TOP TEN By The Associated Press AMERICAN LEAGUE G AB R H Pct. Betts Bos 48 184 52 66 .359 Brantley Cle 44 181 30 62 .343 Altuve Hou 57 233 33 78 .335 Simmons LAA 54 201 32 67 .333 Segura Sea 51 218 37 72 .330 Castellanos Det 52 209 28 68 .325 MMachado Bal 56 219 30 71 .324 JMartinez Bos 53 205 36 66 .322 MDuffy TB 39 156 10 49 .314 Ramos TB 42 159 16 49 .308 Home Runs
Trout, Los Angeles, 18; JMartinez, Boston, 18; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 17; Betts, Boston, 17; MMachado, Baltimore, 16; Gallo, Texas, 15; Judge, New York, 15; KDavis, Oakland, 13; Encarnacion, Cleveland, 13; 5 tied at 12.
Runs Batted In
JMartinez, Boston, 47; MMachado, Baltimore, 45; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 40; Judge, New York, 40; Lowrie, Oakland, 39; Haniger, Seattle, 39; Moustakas, Kansas City, 39; KDavis, Oakland, 38; Benintendi, Boston, 38; Betts, Boston, 37.
Pitching
Severino, New York, 8-1; Kluber, Cleveland, 8-2; Morton, Houston, 7-0; Porcello, Boston, 7-2; Verlander, Houston, 7-2; Happ, Toronto, 7-3; Snell, Tampa Bay, 7-3; Rodriguez, Boston, 6-1; Tanaka, New York, 6-2; 2 tied at 6-3.
President Obama is preparing to give their farewell speech from their home city of Chicago.
"I'll go home to Chicago to say my grateful farewell to you, even if you can't be there in person," they said in an email announcing the Tuesday, January 10 speech.
They said their farewell speech, like a peaceful transfer of power, follows the precedent set by George Washington in 1796.
"I'm just beginning to write my remarks. But I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here," they wrote.
The email follows a series of tweets Sunday, in which they reflected on the past eight years.
It's been the privilege of my life to serve as your President. I look forward to standing with you as a citizen. Happy New Year everybody. — President Obama (@POTUS) January 1, 2017
They said in their email that while there has been a "fair share of challenges" since 2009 we've "come through them stronger."
"That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding -- our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better," they said. "So I hope you'll join me one last time. Because, for me, it's always been about you."
The UK Government is seeking views on proposals to require energy suppliers to maintain smart services when consumers using first generation smart meters switch firms.
A number of energy companies are currently installing SMETS1 smart meters, using their own data and communications systems to provide smart services.
However, consumers may lose the smart services when to switch to a different supplier.
The Data Communications Company (DCC) is expected to resolve the issue but energy firms are currently not required to make use of a DCC SMETS1 service.
The government is therefore consulting on proposals to require companies to enrol SMETS1 meters in the DCC or replace them with SMETS2 meters within a specified timeframe.
Following the point this obligation would apply, should a supplier acquire an eligible SMETS1 meter following change of supplier and the meter is not enrolled, the new supplier would be required to take “all reasonable steps” to enrol the meter or replace it with a SMETS2 meter within six months.
As a backstop, suppliers would be required to replace any SMETS2 meter which is not enrolled in the DCC with a SMETS2 meter by 2020.
The consultation is open until 24th May 2018.
Utilita Energy has filed for a judicial review into the end date for the installation of smart meters for Pay As You Go (PAYG) customers.
National news sources are claiming a feud between rival Minecraft gamers is the reason why 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges in the UK.
Hundreds of schools were on alert and some evacuated their buildings, telling parents to collect their children after receiving messages containing what police described as a “bomb hoax”.
Police forces around the country have said there are not believed to be any “viable threats”.
Minecraft is one of the most popular video games on the planet with more than 144 million copies sold across all platforms, making it the second best-selling video game of all time.
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft allow players to build with a variety of different cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world. Other activities in the game include exploration, resource gathering, crafting, and combat.
Following the widespread reports of bomb hoaxes across the country, Sky News is reporting that the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, claimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
PODGORICA, Montenegro (AP) — Montenegrin lawmakers have voted to lift the immunity of two senior opposition politicians allegedly involved in a pro-Russian plot to overthrow the government over its NATO bid.
The move paves the way for the detention of Andrija Mandic and Milan Knezevic, key opposition leaders suspected in the Oct. 16 coup attempt that included plans to kill a then-prime minister and take over power.
Several hundred opposition supporters protested outside the parliament building on Wednesday as lawmakers from the ruling coalition unanimously approved the motion.
Montenegro's special prosecutor said the two are suspected of criminal conspiracy and inciting "acts against constitutional order and security of Montenegro."
Some 20 people — including two Russian citizens — have been accused in the foiled coup said to be orchestrated by Russian and Serbian nationalists.
American Airlines decided to take on Frontier Airlines with flights to many of the same destinations.
Advertisement
American will offer nonstop flights from Philadelphia International Airport to four new cities beginning in 2018: San Antonio; Madison, WI; Des Moines; and Omaha. In addition, the airline announced that it would upgrade one of its daily flights to Los Angeles with A‐330‐200 aircraft, increasing capacity on that route.
The San Antonio service will begin February 15, while the flights to Des Moines, Madison and Omaha start on May 4. The PHL‐LAX upgraded frequency starts March 25.
Des Moines will become a new destination not currently served by any carrier at PHL. American is resuming service to San Antonio after a two‐year hiatus.
Frontier Airlines announced plans recently to begin seasonal service to Madison and Omaha. Frontier is currently the only carrier at Philadelphia that offers non‐stop flights to San Antonio.
“We are very excited that American is continuing to bolster its service in Philadelphia,” said Airport CEO Chellie Cameron. “Adding these routes to American's network at its PHL hub will not only make travel more accessible between these cities, and it will also facilitate connections at American's transatlantic gateway.”
“These new domestic markets are important and will complement the recently announced international destinations from our Philadelphia hub,” said Vasu Raja, American's vice president, Network and Schedule Planning. “American offers more non‐stop flights than all other airlines combined at PHL and we are excited to add to that roster.”
In August, American announced new service from PHL to Budapest, Prague and Zurich. American serves 116 destinations from PHL with nearly 400 daily departures.
At 6'4 and 250 lbs, Washington Redskins tight end, Vernon Davis, is not a typical curling player or fan.
Well, the word 'fan' may actually be an understatement. In 2010, Davis was awarded the title of "honorary captain" of Team USA Curling and has attended every winter Olympics since. They say they plan to attend the 2018 Games in South Korea too.
"I love the sport of curling because it's just you and the stone and the broom," Davis told ABC News and ESPN's Undefeated in a joint video interview. "You have to have a still mind, a calm mind. Just like anything else, like when it comes to football. The mindset has to be still."
As the story goes, back in 2009, a football reporter covering the San Francisco 49'ers, for whom Davis was playing at the time, dared Davis to give the winter sport a try.
"I was like, 'Curling? What is that?'" they said. "[The reporter] was like 'Just come on out, you'll love it, you'll love it.' So I went out on the ice and I was probably on the ice for maybe an hour and a half, and I fell in love with it."
A few months later, Team USA invited Davis to join them as their ceremonial captain to "give them encouragement and support," Terry Davis, the director of communications for USA Curling told ABC News and ESPN's Undefeated. "Vernon also took part in media opportunities at both [2010 and 2014] Games to help curling gain more exposure."
In addition to bringing general awareness to the sport, the African American two-time Pro Bowler said they also hope their role as honorary captain can help attract more African Americans to the pastime. "Right now, I feel like a lot of African Americans don't really know too much about the game of curling. But it can be different... and that can change through promoting," they said.
"I'm an art studio major so I'm all about doing something different and just trying to see what else is out there, exploring, and just thinking outside the box and opening up my mind."
This is a joint project between ABC News and ESPN's The Undefeated.
That didn't take long: Less than a day after announcing YouTube TV was coming to Apple TV the app is already available for download. YouTube TV is a subscription service targeting cord cutters wanting to watch live television.
The subscription service costs US$35 a month and includes live TV content from more than 40 networks, including local news and sports. Watching YouTube TV on an Apple TV prior to the native app release involved streaming via AirPlay from another device such as an iPad.
To install YouTube TV, go to the App Store app on your Apple TV and search for the app. It's a free download, and you can try out the service for free before committing to the monthly subscription.
NEW YORK (AP) — They're homeless, but a group of men and women from Texas has made it to Carnegie Hall.
The storied New York City concert hall is the venue Wednesday evening for a performance by the Dallas Street Choir, all singers recruited from urban streets and homeless shelters that have been performing since 2015.
About 20 members of the choir were to be joined by 17 residents of a Manhattan homeless shelter.
Concert proceeds benefit homeless services charities.
Dallas Street Choir conductor Jonathan Palant has also brought in some world-class musical luminaries for the performance. They include mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade, soprano Harolyn Blackwell and composers Jake Heggie and Stephen Schwartz.
Carnegie Hall archivist Gino Francesconi says it is the first time the hall has featured a musical ensemble of homeless performers.
Inspirational businesses have been urged to enter the Portfolio Awards.
The message came from Northumbrian Water which is one of the sponsors of this year's competition.
A thriving business community benefits the whole city and we are looking forward to helping to celebrate all who are nominated and the role they play in making Sunderland a great city Maureen Berne
Maureen Berne, Head of External Communications at Northumbrian Water, explained why companies in the Wearside area were so important to Sunderland's success.
“Great businesses are at the heart of any thriving city and Sunderland is no exception.
“Many of our people live in Sunderland or work in the area, including those involved in our £8.3m project to upgrade parts of the city's sewer network and on the development of the water and sewerage infrastructure around the new Wear Crossing development.
“There is a lot of investment in Sunderland at the moment, with the redevelopment of Keel Square, the Vaux site and the new Wear Crossing, and all of this will help to support the business community which, in turn, benefits those who live and work in the city.”
But Maureen added: “It is the success of businesses that already exist and operate in Sunderland that inspires all of this and paves the way for further inward investment and entrepreneurship. Northumbrian Water is proud to be supporting the Sunderland Echo Portfolio Awards, which recognise and reward those that fly the flag at all levels of business.
“A thriving business community benefits the whole city and we are looking forward to helping to celebrate all who are nominated and the role they play in making Sunderland a great city.”
Now's your chance to put yourself in the running for this year's competition.
State which category your nomination applies to from the list below and describe the reasons for your nomination. Do it in no more than 300 words.
Also include the address of your chosen nomination and provide details on how we can contact the company – such as their email and a phone number.
Post your nomination to: Lynn Wild, Alexander House, Second Floor, Rainton Bridge Business Park, Houghton-le-Spring, DH4 5RA. Alternatively, you can email lynn.wild@jpress.co.uk.
Make it Sunderland is again our headline sponsor, and will sponsor our overall Business of the Year Award, as well as a Lifetime Achievement award, which is in the sponsor's gift.
Make It Sunderland is also backing the contribution social enterprises make to the city in the Social Enterprise Award. Other sponsors are Northumbrian Water, TTR Barnes, BIC, Sunderland BID, The Bridges, Sunderland College, Wessington Dental, Gentoo, Creo, Stagecoach North East and JB Skills Training.
The deadline for entries is Friday, September 8. After that, the judges draw up a shortlist. Then it is on to the grand finale at the Stadium of Light, on Thursday, October 26.
There's plenty of time for you to put forward your favourites – get nominating!
The categories are as follows;
Small Business of the Year.
Best Green Business Award.
Medium Business of the Year.
Best Training Provider.
Large Business of the Year.
Exporter of the Year.
Employer of the Year.
Leisure Award.
Apprentice/Trainee of the Year.
City Centre Business of the Year.
Technology of the Year.
Creative Industries Award.
New Business of the Year.
Sole Trader Award.
Special Community Award.
Best Age Friendly Business.
Social Enterprise Award.
Corporate Social Responsibility Award.
BOSTON (AP) — The estranged husband of former Massachusetts Senate President Stan Rosenberg has pleaded not guilty to sexual assault and other charges.
Bryon Hefner was released on personal recognizance Tuesday after appearing in Suffolk Superior Court to face charges of sexual assault, distributing nude photos without consent and criminal lewdness.
They were also ordered to stay away from the alleged victims and the Massachusetts State House. Their trial was scheduled for March 2019.
Several men have accused Hefner of misconduct, prompting Rosenberg to step down as Senate leader in December. The Amherst Democrat is still a member of the Senate, and the two have since separated.
An independent investigation continues into whether Rosenberg violated Senate rules.
Hefner's attorney has said their client intends to contest the evidence and witnesses against him.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Not all gods are created equal when it comes to having them as your roommate. Nothing personal, Thor. You're just really, really, really bad at splitting a place with.
As Thor: Ragnarok gears up to occupy a very welcome place in our hearts, director Taika Waititi has returned us to the fascinating world of Thor and their mortal roommate Daryl. We previously met these two in what doubled as an explanation for what Thor was up to while some other Marvel madness was going down. This look-in has Thor lounging about in all their Norse studliness and taunting Darryl for suggesting the hammer wielder get their ass off their indoor bike and get a job.
“‘Knowledge is power.' No it's not. Knowledge is not power. That's power,” explains Thor and their lamppost-sized arm. After all, if the brain's a muscle and he's got muscles, Thor is a very brainy character covered brains. (That's their logic, not ours.)
The clip, which lives as part of a video extra for Doctor Strange, does a bang-up job of driving home how frustrating Darryl's living arrangement is. Between Team Thor and Ghostbusters, it seems like the man is a genius when it comes to playing entertaining attractive nuisances. Thor: Ragnarok is scheduled to arrive in theaters and take your Asgardian currency on November 3.
LAS VEGAS -- Washington Capitals center Evgeny Kuznetsov, the NHL's leading playoff scorer, left the Capitals' 3-2 win over the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday night with an apparent injury to their left arm.
After Kuznetsov played the puck into the Knights zone, defenseman Brayden McNabb hit them hard along the boards with a check. Kuznetsov fell to the ice in pain, clutching their left hand.
They left for the trainers room with 5:18 remaining in the first period and missed the remainder of the game.
"The hit on Kuzy ... we thought it was high," Washington coach Barry Trotz said. "You lose one of your top players on what we feel is a questionable hit. The league will look at it. But your bench rallies around it."
Kuznetsov entered the game leading all players in the postseason with 25 points in 20 games, including 11 goals and 14 assists. He's Washington's top-line center, playing with Alex Ovechkin. Kuznetsov was on an 11-game point streak in the playoffs.
Crashes
WORTHINGTON — The Worthington Police Department investigated a hit-and-run crash reported at 5:31 p.m. Sunday from Eighth Avenue.
HERON LAKE — The Minnesota State Patrol investigated a two-vehicle crash reported at 2:48 p.m. Sunday from Minnesota 60. A Mitsubishi Eclipse was struck broadside by a Volkswagen Routan while attempting to turn left onto First Avenue, Heron Lake. Four children and one adult in the Routan, all from New Prague, were treated for non-life threatening injuries.
WORTHINGTON — The Nobles County Sheriff's Office reported an ATV crash at 2:16 p.m. Monday from the 38000 block of Nobles County 35. Brewster Rescue and the Worthington Ambulance were paged.
Police
WORTHINGTON — The Worthington Police Department investigated property damage reported at 5:11 p.m. Sunday from the 1000 block of Maplewood Drive.
ROUND LAKE — The Nobles County Sheriff's Office investigated reports of harassing phone calls at 11:44 p.m. Sunday in the 29000 block of Wass Avenue.
WORTHINGTON — The Worthington Police Department investigated illegal dumping reported at 9:55 a.m. Monday from Gateway Drive.
WORTHINGTON — The Worthington Police Department investigated a theft reported at 1:09 p.m. Monday from the 1300 block of Second Avenue.
Ten minutes, 74 hotdogs and an estimated 22,200 calories later, Joey "Jaws" Chestnut is once again the undisputed chow champion. Today marked Chestnut's 11th win at the annual Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest in Coney Island."Seventy-four hot dogs -- I've earned it," they said after the event in an interview with ESPN. Chestnut marked a new world record set using their signature style of stuffing two frankfurters down their throat at a time. "This was a beautiful day. I love to eat and I tried to enjoy the food."For yet another year, the favorites in both the men's and women's categories -- Chestnut, 34, and Miki Sudo, 33, -- strutted off the stage after braving the broiling heat to brandish mustard title belts and oversized checks, proving they reign supreme when it comes to speed-eating encased meat.Chestnut, the current hotdog-eating world record holder from Vallejo, California , downed a whopping 74 weiners, dipping the buns in super-sized plastic cups of water during the 10-minute-long contest. Judges peered below and Nathan's helpers stood by with paper plates loaded with more hotdogs.Chestnut said they had "a vision" for this year's win, and seemed to be unfatigued after "10 minutes of work.""I'm going to keep riding the wave," they said of their carer on the competitive eating circuit.New Jersey native Carmen Cincotti finished second by eating 64 hot dogs. Third place finisher Darron Breedon got 43 frankfurters down.The Fourth of July event, considered by some to be the Super Bowl of competitive eating, also featured 74-year-old Rich "The Locust" LeFevre -- the oldest competitor in the contest's 101-year history.In the women's competition, Sudo, a native New Yorker by way of Japan and Hawaii, accomplished their goal to "5-pete" the competition by gobbling 37 hot dogs and water-dipped buns in 10 minutes."I had a comfortable lead, and I left room to eat more for next year," Sudo told ESPN while hoisting their pink title belt.Sudo's dad was in the crowd to watch their win. While their grand total was four fewer than their tally last year, it was nine more than the closest challenger, Michelle Lesco.Third place finisher Juliet Lee came in with just 25.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. lost 33,000 jobs in September after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma hit Texas, Florida and other Southeastern states. It was the first decline in nearly seven years.
The unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the Labor Department said Friday, the lowest level since February 2001.
Looking past the hurricanes' impact, the job market and economy generally look healthy. Some economists expect job growth to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars, which shed 105,000 jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry.
Roughly 1.5 million people were unable to work last month because of the weather, the government said, the most in 20 years.
More than 11 million people had been employed in the 87 counties in Texas and Florida that were declared disaster areas, the government says. That's equal to about 7.7 percent of the nation's workforce. Hourly employees in the area who couldn't work and missed a paycheck were counted as not working, thereby lowering the September job gain. That's true even if those employees return to work after the storm passes.
Other recent indicators point to a solid economy and job market.
On Wednesday, a survey of services firms — covering restaurants, construction companies, retail stores, banks and others — found that they expanded in September at their fastest monthly pace since 2005. That followed a survey of manufacturers, which found an equally strong gain. Factory activity expanded at the fastest pace in more than 13 years.
There are signs that a rebound from the hurricanes is already boosting the economy. Auto sales, which had been lackluster this year, jumped 6.1 percent to more than 1.5 million in September from a year ago, according to Autodata Corp., as Americans began to replace cars destroyed by the storms. That increase in purchases should soon lead automakers to step up production.
Harvey caused about $76 billion to $87 billion in economic losses, according to Moody's Analytics, an economic consulting firm. The estimate includes damage to homes and businesses as well as lost business and economic output. That calculation would make Harvey the second-worst U.S. natural disaster, after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Irma will likely end up having caused $58 billion to $83 billion in economic losses, Moody's forecasts. Maria, which hammered Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, could cost $45 billion to $95 billion, though that is a preliminary estimate.
___
This story has been corrected to show that September's job losses figure was the first decline in nearly seven years.
Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi on Sunday said that their government suspects Israel of being behind the assassination of Hamas engineer Mohamed Zaouari, Haaretz reported.
Zaouari, an aviation scientist, was shot to death outside their home in Sfax, Tunisia, on December 15. Hamas said two days after their death that they were a member of the organization's military wing and one of the leaders of its drone program. The group at the time also blamed Israel for their death.
Kathrine Herzer has been an actor since they were 10 years old, but their role as Allison McCord on the CBS hit political drama Madam Secretary changed their lives. While the California native had small roles in movies such as Mr. and Mrs. Smith and A Lot Like Love, their recurring role alongside stars such as Tea Leoni and Keith Carradine took their career to the next level.
“Madam Secretary is the best,” Herzer told CBS Local in a recent studio interview. “I got the part when I was a junior in high school and I would commute back and forth to New York when we started filming. It's the best group of people to work with and we have these amazing scripts that create this great energy.”
In addition to their work on Madam Secretary, Herzer is also a full time student at New York University. While their schedule has its challenges, the 20-year-old rising star wouldn't change anything.
“It's a lot to balance, but I wouldn't have it any other way,” Herzer said. “There's so much that I get from working and going to school at the same time.”
Season Four of the show will be a big one for the McCord family, as Allison is on their way to college. The new season, which premieres Sunday, October 8th at 10pm eastern on CBS, will feature a more mature and empowered Allison McCord.
“Allison is in such a crazy time in their life because they are going to college. She's venturing into their own world, but the McCord family is so close that it just means that they are all branching out into this new area. I think this bit of independence will give them a lot of power, its an exciting season for her.”
Warner Bros
If you watch one of Ridley Scott's early movies with a 2017 brain and 2017 expectations, it feels almost as if Scott deliberately structured them as sequel bait, teasers for expanded universes before the “expanded universe” was a thing. Almost every scene has some esoteric Easter egg, some choice clearly made but not explained. In 2017, stories guide you by the hand. In the late 70s, they flipped you the bird. In Alien (1979), the human crew of the Nostromo follows a distress beacon to a spacecraft. The craft is an unforgettable set, a vessel that seems to have been designed for gigantic humanoid aliens. Who those aliens are, where they came from, or what they want we never find out (at least not until Alien: Covenant, and the answers are kind of disappointing). It all becomes merely backdrop.
In the same way, Blade Runner (1982) creates a massive future world full of narrative side streets that Scott leaves largely unexplored. At the time it was so bewilderingly complex that the studio tacked on a voiceover. In this, Harrison Ford helpfully explains, among other things, “Cityspeak,” the “guttertalk, a mix of Japanese, Spanish, German, what have you,” spoken by the Edward James Olmos character, Gaff, in the opening scene (Gaff being represented in the form of a heavily Orientalized Mexican-American actor wearing blue contact lenses, who walks with a cane and loves origami).
The voiceover (written by an uncredited Roland Kibbee) sounds like a hostage reading a ransom letter, and it sort of was. Harrison Ford hated it. (As recounted in Paul Sammon's book Future Noir, Ford referred to it as a “f*cking nightmare. I thought that the film had worked without the narration. But now I was stuck recreating that narration. And I was obliged to do the voiceovers for people that did not represent the director's interests.”) Rumor has it that they tried to tank it on purpose only to see the producers use it anyway. Everyone hates on the voiceover now (it was removed for the Director's Cut in 1992 and the Final Cut in 2007) and it's easy to see why. One representative bit is when Deckard tries to “explain” captain Bryant calling replicants “skin jobs.” “In history books, he's the kind of cop who used to call black men “n*ggers.”
You can tell Kibbee didn't understand “skin jobs” at first until they related it to the N-word and thought the audience would need that reference. Only then they realized they were supposed to be writing in the voice of a guy living in 2019 so they tried to cover it, and in the process ends up sounding like a confused edgelord trying to write a Raymond Chandler novel.
Badly written and coercively performed as the voiceover may be, it is kind of helpful. It articulates aspects I almost certainly wouldn't have picked up on otherwise — the explanation of Cityspeak, another moment when Deckard is switching between two sets of photographs — and so I end up appreciating it even though I know it makes me slightly less cool. This dorkish impulse to know more than we need to, to be Teddy in Stand By Me asking Gordie “and then what happened” after he's just heard the Barforama story's perfect ending is the reason we have movies like Blade Runner 2049 and Alien: Covenant in the first place. We don't need to know, but we can't help ourselves. We loved those worlds and we weren't finished exploring.
Blade Runner‘s is a great big world, and it's easy to understand the impulse to create an annotated guidebook. Of course, a big part of the reason we'd even care in the first place is that it leaves us wanting more. The movie didn't need to explain all of it. The world is the backdrop, but the story rests solely on the characters. It's about Roy Batty (Rutger Hauer) and their frantic fight to extend their lifespan. It's about Deckard trying to think of themselves as a good person even as they cold-bloodedly murder an unarmed replicant who's substantively no different from their girlfriend. (Do we even want to get into the is-Deckard-a-replicant fight here? The point isn't the answer, it's the possibility. It's always great when the end of the story makes its world seem even bigger than you originally thought it was.)
Blade Runner 2049 is, visually, every bit a worthy successor to the original — as you'd expect from a movie shot by Roger Deakins and directed by Denis Villeneuve. Yet Villeneuve continues to be what they always have been: a visionary stylist/scene builder and a very average storyteller. 2016's Arrival is easily their most well-told story, and even that one traffics in some minor characters whose agency and motivations are entirely defined by the archetypes they represent.
Villeneuve, their production designer Dennis Gassner, and costume designer Renee April, update the world Ridley Scott and company built, and they're successful on pretty much every level, sometimes even surpassing the original. The ecological calamities hinted at in the first (“You think I'd be working here if I could afford a real snake?”) are articulated in the second, with massive solar farms blotting out the landscape and vast areas of denuded wasteland. Villeneuve trades Scott's constant drizzle for deserts and dust clouds, and if anything, the costumes seem more suited to it. Where Ford basically looked like they were auditioning to play keytar in a new wave trio (which is to say, 1982's vision of cool), Gosling's high collars and long jacket actually have a functional purpose. (If you're trapped in a dust world you might as well wear, you know, a duster).
Other aspects are a lateral move. Blade Runner was a largely Orientalist vision of the future that was never explained as such but seems largely defined by '80s America's fear of being overtaken and subsumed by the Japanese. Blade Runner 2049‘s design is equally informed by Russiana, full of Cyrillic alphabet signs and apparent Soviet references. In both cases, the design influence seems to relate less to the story itself than to the respective political climate of the times in which they were made. Japan is taking over the car industry! Russia is hacking our elections!
These aren't especially brilliant moves, but they don't hurt the movies either. In fact, Ridley Scott's chief skill has always been their ability to create thought-provoking cinema despite not being a particularly deep thinker. As evidenced by the fact that Gaff's Asian coding was so overt that they wore a Fu Manchu and did origami all the time, and that the smartest man in the film was the one with the biggest, thickest glasses. (Mr. Tyrell is a genius! I mean have you seen those glasses?!) Scott famously never read the Philip K. Dick book on which Blade Runner was based.
The snap general election called by Theresa May is Britain's chance to avoid a "disastrous hard Brexit", the Liberal Democrats have said.
Party leader Tim Farron told voters "this is your chance to change the direction of your country" after the Prime Minister called an early vote on June 8.
The Lib Dems have consistently called for a second referendum on the final Brexit deal Mrs May achieves after negotiations with the European Union, and want to keep the UK in the European single market.
The Tories' 2015 general election victory saw the party gain several formerly Lib Dem seats in the south-west of England.
Mr Farron said: "This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
"If you want to avoid a disastrous hard Brexit.
"If you want to keep Britain in the single market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
"Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority."
Green Party co-leader Caroline Lucas welcomed an early vote at a time when "Britain is at a crossroads" and said the people should be given a say over the country's future direction.
They promised the Greens would present a "bold, positive vision for a different kind of Britain".
"At this election we will stand for an economy that works for everyone, not just the privileged few; a Britain that's open to the world and the protection of our precious environment," Ms Lucas said.
"We will stand up to the politics of hatred and division that is scarring our communities and give people across the country a chance to vote for a better Britain."
Them co-leader, Jonathan Bartley, said the announcement of a snap election, following a string of denials there would be an early vote, revealed a "deep dishonesty at the heart of government".
Professor Martin Smith, head of the University of York's politics department, said: "There is a danger that the Prime Minister's decision to call a snap election may appear both cynical and hypocritical.
"She had indicated several times that they would not do so and in order to do so they have to shift away from fixed term elections introduced by their predecessor.
"Clearly the reason for the election is that with Labour so weak in the polls, it is an opportunity for the Conservatives to win a landslide victory.
"With a large Conservative majority, the government will be able to get through any Brexit deal.
"Of course, there are going to be several difficulties for the Conservatives in the election campaign including the impact on Scotland and the potential for a second referendum, and a focus in the campaign on what sort of post-EU Britain the Conservatives want."
Ukip leader Paul Nuttall said: "We welcome the opportunity to take Ukip's positive message to the country.
"However, we believe that the Prime Minister's decision to call this election is a cynical decision driven more by the weakness of Corbyn's Labour Party rather than the good of the country.
"There is also the prospect of a slew of Tory held by-elections caused by the seeming systematic breach of electoral law at the last election, predominantly in places where Ukip were pressing the Conservatives hard.
"We are in the midst of Brexit negotiations so this election will provide a perfect opportunity for the 52% to vote for Ukip, the only party wholeheartedly committed to a clean quick and efficient Brexit."
Former Australian PM says country should cut aid to PA, support Trump in moving embassy to Jerusalem.
In an article published in The Spectator Australia, former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called on the government to "join any move by the Trump administration to move its embassy to Jerusalem" and suggested Australia move its own embassy to Jerusalem as well.
"Jerusalem is Israel's capital and we should respect that by putting our embassy where they choose to have their capital," they wrote.
They also called on the government to offer "unswerving support for Israel as the region's only liberal, pluralist democracy" and said, "Australia should cut our $40 million a year in aid to the Palestinian Authority while it keeps paying pensions to terrorists and their families."
Though Abbott apparently does support a two-state solution, they also said "there should be a Palestinian state where Jews have the same rights as Palestinians have in Israel" and called the current ideal "a kind of apartheid that's at odds with Israel's own values."
Australia gave nearly 43 million AUD (120 million NIS) to the Palestinian Authority between the years 2015-2016.
Abbott visited Jerusalem and Ramallah in December 2016, meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority leader Rami Hamdallah.
Regarding Hamdallah's claim the Arabs want peace with the Jews, Abbott said, "This is hard to credit, given Palestinian TV's consistent glorification of suicide bombers, reference(s) to Jews as the ‘sons of monkeys and pigs' and claims that the state of Israel is a ‘satanic project."
However, Australia's current government said the country "does not have any plans to move the Australian Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem."
In addition, opposition leader Chris Bowen said the assistance Australia provides to the PA is critical to promoting peace and countering extremism in the region. They also said Abbott's statements were an effort to "undermine Malcom Turnbull and continue their campaign to regain the leadership."
Singing elementary school custodian spreads cheer in the hallways with voice More Wilbert Knight, 61, a custodian of more than 22 years at Pugliese West Elementary School in Steubenville, Ohio, brings joy to the staff and students with their lovely singing voice. Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Singing elementary school custodian spreads cheer in the hallways with voice This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Singing elementary school custodian spreads cheer in the hallways with voice
Now Playing: Bride uses their dog as flower girl: 'She's my little shadow'
Now Playing: Witness of explosion at major NYC transit hub: 'I believe in God today!'
Now Playing: Explosive detonates below NYC transit hub in 'attempted terrorist attack'
Now Playing: Woman with breast cancer 'overwhelmed' by breast milk donations
Now Playing: Possible pipe bomb explodes below major bus terminal in NYC, suspect in custody
Now Playing: 3 injured in attempted terror attack at NYC transit hub
Now Playing: 5 years after tragedy, family members of Sandy Hook shooting victims work for change
Now Playing: NYC police respond to reports of explosion at Port Authority Bus Terminal
Now Playing: Justin Bieber, Chris Evans among stars stepping up to help bullied boy
Now Playing: Convicted serial killer taunts FBI with letter on more victims
Now Playing: New York surgeon found dead in Park Avenue apartment
Now Playing: Oklahoma QB becomes first non-recruit to win Heisman
Now Playing: Gunman allegedly terrorizing drivers on Michigan highways
Now Playing: Wildfire now the 5th largest in California history
Now Playing: Puerto Rico's Maria death toll climbs to 64, as FEMA assistance tops $1 billion
Now Playing: Northeast braces for winter blast, snow
Now Playing: California's Thomas fire intensifying
Now Playing: 8-year-old New Jersey boy in spirit of giving back to Puerto Rico
Now Playing: Baker Mayfield, University of Oklahoma's star quarterback, wins 2017 Heisman trophy Now Playing: {{itm.title}}
{"id":51724574,"title":"Singing elementary school custodian spreads cheer in the hallways with voice","duration":"0:57","description":"Wilbert Knight, 61, a custodian of more than 22 years at Pugliese West Elementary School in Steubenville, Ohio, brings joy to the staff and students with their lovely singing voice.","url":"/Lifestyle/video/singing-elementary-school-custodian-spreads-cheer-hallways-voice-51724574","section":"Lifestyle","mediaType":"default"}
TODAY
50 North, 339 E. Melrose Ave.; fitness center open, 5 a.m.-8 p.m.; billiards, 8 a.m.-9 p.m.; EnhanceFitness, 8:30-9:20 a.m.; pickleball, open play, 9-11 a.m.; SilverSneakers yoga, 9:30-10:15 and 10:30-11:15 a.m.; gentle aquatics class, 10-11 a.m., Birchaven; walking/jogging at University of Findlay Koehler Center, not available; lunch, roast beef with gravy, 11 a.m.-1 p.m.; SilverSneakers Splash, 11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m., Birchaven; color & chat, 12:30-1:30 p.m.; senior cinema: “Free State of Jones,” 1 p.m.; cardio mix class, 5:30-6:15 p.m.; pickleball, advanced play, 6-8 p.m.; bootcamp 45, 6:30-7:15 p.m.
Alcoholics Anonymous, closed discussion, 6:30 a.m., Pioneer Club; closed discussion, noon, Pioneer Club; Grapevine open discussion, 12:30 p.m., Dry Haven, Fostoria; open book, 5:30 p.m., St. Andrew's United Methodist Church annex, 214 W. Sandusky St.; open discussion, 7 p.m., 111 Grove St., Bluffton; open lead, 8 p.m., Howard United Methodist Church.
Arlington High School Class of 1950, breakfast, 8:30 a.m., Southside Restaurant.
Findlay High School Gals of '56, breakfast, 10 a.m., Bob Evans west side.
Christian Clearing House, board of directors meeting, 11:45 a.m., Family Center, room 119.
Findlay High School Class of 1949, lunch, 1 p.m., Tony's.
Focus on Friends, 509 W. Trenton Ave.; creative art for recovery, 2-3 p.m.
YMCA's Youth Physical Activity Center, grand opening, 4:30 p.m., downtown Y, 300 E. Lincoln St.
Open Arms Women and Children's Support Group, 6 p.m., call 419-422-4766 for information.
GriefShare, support group meeting open to anyone who has lost a loved one, 6:30-8:30 p.m., Parkview Christian Church, 15035 Ohio 12 East, 419-424-3301.
Narcotics Anonymous, Lifeboat meeting, 7 p.m., St. Marks United Methodist Church, 800 S. Main St., enter red door marked office, downstairs to left.
To submit a Calendar notice, call 419-427-8444 and leave a message or email Send an E-mail to life. Messages must be received by noon the day before the event.
Comments
comments
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — The federal government says the oceanic whitetip shark will be listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act to help the species recover.
The shark lives along the East Coast of the United States, off southern California and in international waters. Conservation group Defenders of Wildlife called on the government to list the species.
Scientists say the sharks have declined by 80 to 90 percent in the Pacific Ocean since the 1990s. They've fallen 50 percent to 85 percent in the Atlantic Ocean since the 1950s.
Conservationists blame commercial fishing and demand for their fins.
A statement in the Federal Register about the listing of the shark says a threatened species is "not presently in danger of extinction, but is likely to become so in the foreseeable future."
AP Photo/Steve Helber
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — A blunt and combative Republican who sneers at political correctness. Insurgent candidates striking populist notes. Establishment figures on the defensive. A former TV star with political ambitions. The governor's races this year in Virginia and New Jersey are unfolding in ways that powerfully echo the wild campaign for the White House. There is, for example, Corey Stewart, a tough-talking former Trump campaign chairperson in Virginia who says President Donald Trump's victory has freed candidates to “simply be yourself.” “You can be profane. You can be politically incorrect,” said Stewart, one of three candidates challenging Ed Gillespie, a former Republican National Committee chairperson, for the GOP nomination. In Trump-like fashion, Stewart has coined a mocking nickname for Gillespie: “Establishment Ed.” Stewart, chairperson of the Board of Supervisors in suburban Washington's Prince William County, also held a lottery to give away an assault rifle and recently protested Charlottesville's plans to remove a statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee, tweeting, “The left has no respect for our history.” In New Jersey, former “Saturday Night Live” comic and Trump supporter Joe Piscopo is considering a run for governor, possibly as an independent. Both races are wide open, with Republican Gov. Chris Christie in New Jersey and Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe in Virginia leaving office because of term limits. The two contests are the highest-profile elections this year and are seen by the Democrats as a potential referendum on Trump and an important early test of the party's strength less than a year into their presidency. Also, the party holds just 16 governors' offices, and taking more of them could help the Democrats influence the redrawing of congressional and legislative districts after the 2020 census. National groups already have signaled they are willing to pour money into the two races. The Republican Governors Association recently put $5 million into its Virginia campaign account. In New Jersey, regulators expect outside spending to break records. “Everybody wants to make this a referendum on Trump,” said Tarina Keene, executive director NARAL Pro-Choice Virginia. “We want to set the stage for 2018 for winning and making sure a Trump agenda goes nowhere.” Republicans have uphill climbs in both states. In New Jersey, Democrats outnumber Republicans by about 800,000 voters. Virginia is more of a swing state, though Democrats have won every statewide election since 2009 and Hillary Clinton carried the state by more than 5 percentage points in November. John Fredericks, a conservative radio host who helped run Trump's campaign in Virginia, said the Democratic tilt of both states puts the pressure on the Democrats: “If the Republicans win, I think it is a huge, huge message that the Trump movement is growing.” Democrats say Trump's moves targeting immigrants, refugees, abortion and voting rights should help their side, while Republicans are hoping Trump's efforts to create jobs will attract more GOP voters. In New Jersey, Democratic state Assemblyman John Wisniewski is casting themselves as a Bernie Sanders-style insurgent, even though they have been in office for two decades and served as state party chairperson. Their chief rival for the nomination is Wall Street millionaire Phil Murphy, a former Goldman Sachs executive and Obama administration ambassador to Germany who represents the party's establishment wing. Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey said they endorsed Murphy partly on Murphy's ability to block Trump's agenda. “Winter is coming,” Booker said. “It is critical for us that we have a partner in Trenton who every day works in concert with us.” Piscopo, who has made a career out of impersonating fellow New Jerseyan Frank Sinatra, plans to make a decision by the spring. “Donald Trump is a once-in-a-lifetime candidate, lightning in a bottle,” they said. “Having said that, the thing that inspired me was the movement of the people, the will of the people.” What level of involvement Trump will have in the races is unclear. A single Trump tweet for or against a candidate could alter the dynamics in a GOP primary, and Trump has already shown a willingness to back candidates in contests presidents typically ignore. “We will let you know when we have an announcement on either race,” White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said. — Catalini reported from Trenton, New Jersey.
Comments
comments
So, Kendall Jenner surfaced from that whole Pepsi thing this past weekend at Coachella apparently unscathed – and reportedly with A$AP Rocky.
Them sister Kylie‘s rumored ex was one of the many other notables in attendance and/or on stage – but it wasn't Tyga they were spotted with, rather Travis Scott.
Related: See What Happened When Drake Joins Future on Stage at Coachella
“That family loooves some black folk, huh?!” Big Tigger noted in today's Trending Topics. “I'm just saying, don't get mad at me. They keep dating them all!”
Other surprising sights and sounds during Weekend One of the Music And Arts Festival were Drake appearing during Future‘s set and an actually worthwhile Lauryn Hill during DJ Snake's. 2 Chainz, French Montana, Rick Ross, Wale, Swae Lee and A$AP Ferg all DJ Khaled – with Sylvester Stallone in the front row.
“And Migos performed four times!” Tigger added. “They were not scheduled to be there at all.”
(Guess the festival managed OK after the expecting Beyonce dropped out.)
SYDNEY (AP) — Coach Gregor Townsend has made eight changes to Scotland's starting lineup to face Australia in Saturday's rugby test.
Scotland will field an entirely new front row and back three to the team that started in last weekend's 34-13 victory over Italy in Singapore.
Australia, which beat Fiji 37-14 at Melbourne last Saturday, was expected to announce its team later Thursday.
____
Scotland: Greig Tonks, Lee Jones, Alex Dunbar, Duncan Taylor, Rory Hughes, Finn Russell, Ali Price; Hamish Watson, John Barclay, Jonny Gray, Ben Toolis, Zander Fagerson, Fraser Brown, Gordon Reid. Reserves: Ross Ford, Allan Dell, Willem Nel, Tim Swinson, Josh Strauss, Henry Pyrgos , Ruaridh Jackson, Matt Scott.
A man has been charged with conspiracy in connection to October's massacre in Las Vegas for allegedly selling armor-piercing ammunition to shooter Stephen Paddock.
Fifty-eight people were killed and hundreds injured in the shooting.
Douglas Haig, 55, has been charged with conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition.
According to the complaint, which was obtained by ABC News, Haig admitted to selling hundreds of rounds of tracer ammo to Paddock in September, which isn't illegal. However, among the unfired rounds found in Paddock's hotel room were two cartridges which forensic analysis determined were armor-piercing/incendiary ammo that had Haig's fingerprints on them, the complaint states. Such ammunition is illegal to manufacture without a license. Haig, according to the complaint, did not have such a license.
A subsequent search warrant at their business located more armor-piercing and incendiary rounds and records of Haig selling them around the country, according to the complaint.
Ethan Miller/Getty Images
Earlier today, Haig and their attorney, Marc Victor, gave a press conference defending Haig as a "law-abiding citizen" with no history of legal problems.
Haig said they were sickened and horrified when they learned of the massacre.
John Locher/AP, FILE
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did," they said, adding the amount of ammunition they sold to Paddock was very common. "I had no way to see into their mind."
"The product I sold them had absolutely nothing to do with what they did," Haig added, referring to the legal tracer ammunition.
Victor told ABC News Wednesday that Haig only sold tracer rounds to Paddock.
Haig did not acknowledge selling Paddock armor-piercing/incendiary ammunition.
This evening, Haig, in shackles, appeared in federal court with Victor by their side on the single charge listed in the complaint, according to local ABC affiliate KNXV. The judge ordered them to surrender their passport, guns, ammunition, and tools used to manufacture ammunition.
Victor declined to comment to ABC News following the court appearance.
Paddock took their own life after unleashing the hail of gunfire from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino on Oct. 1. Unsuspecting concertgoers were attending a music festival below.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
A bakery in Wisconsin is embracing those without someone to love on Valentine's Day.The shop in Osh Kosh is selling Valentine's Day sweets that aren't so sweet. These cookies are adorned with phrases like, "Love sucks" and "Bite me."The bakery's owner says they came up with the idea because not everybody has a Valentine and they didn't want to leave those people out.
Close Get email notifications on James LaCombe daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever James LaCombe posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
Many of the obvious dangers inherent in identity politics have been exposed in recent years. the polarization of various groups centered around racial, sexual, or cultural aspects of self, and self-identity, have always seemed counterproductive to me, as it relates to national unity. Since identitarianism is a philosophy which casts as unique or authentic to the self, or group, an identity that in fact is defined by its opposition to the Other. Pitting Americans against one another. Further, it suggests some groups are "oppressed" as relating to their identity. This merely reinforces the idea that the groups' dependence hinges on the acceptance of the dominant "other" culturally, and further internalizes and reinforces the idea of an oppressive hierarchy operating in the body politic of the nation. An idea or concept of identity politics promotes a victim mentality in its adherents. Those believing they are victims often strike out. One can not emphasize enough the dysmorphic beliefs of those promoting this ideology without including a very sophisticated, and clearly worded caution, against the dangers of ressentiment. Since no warning, ever as far as I am aware, has been found accompanying the promotion of identity politics, I suggest ressentiment is the goal and not a flaw in the ideology promoted.
Identity politics is spreading, filling the chasm where the politics of ideas used to be. Even the general election looks set to be a festival of identity, a less violent form of the communalistic politics we sniffily condemn in places like India. Politicos rarely speak of ‘the electorate' anymore. Instead, they prefer to change their message depending on which ethnic, gender or generational pocket they're talking to. Just look at Labour's pink bus, Operation Black Vote and the Tories wooing of the ‘grey vote'. The end result is implicitly divisive, hinting that the young have different interests to the old, blacks think differently to whites, and women are a distinctive political species. The politics of identity are strongest among the young, especially on campus. There, the dread phrases ‘As a woman', ‘As a gay man' and ‘As a Muslim' are commonplace. Things have gone so far that some students now insist that you ask a person what their preferred gender pronoun is before addressing them, on the basis that if you were to use the wrong one — such as calling a man a ‘he' when in fact ‘he' identifies as a ‘she' — their personhood would be crushed and they would require months of therapy and tea to recover. The politics of identity are narcissistic and needy. It encourages self-reflection over solidarity with others, sectionalism over universalism. In 1979, the great American thinker Christopher Lasch noted the emergence of this new ‘narcissistic personality', where individuals ‘cannot live without an admiring audience'. Such neediness is rampant now, as evidenced in all the identity sects demanding supine acceptance of their terminology and worldview from everyone. If you don't respect their ideas, you hurt their minds and bodies. It's all inherently censorious. Because if your political activism is indistinguishable from your natural characteristics or cultural identity, then any criticism of your political activism will inevitably feel like an assault on *you*. This is why student politicos in particular are so insanely cagey about open debate, forever hiding themselves in ‘safe spaces' and trying to ward off campus anyone who criticises them in the same way monks might once have wielded crucifixes to chase away witches: because their transformation of their navels into the most interesting things in the world, their politicisation of their bodies and sexual preferences, means they can brook no ridicule of their outlook.
https://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2015/02/identity-politics-has-created-an-army-of-vicious-narcissists/
From Postmodern Politics and the Battle for the Future
Identity politics has its origins in the "new social movements" of the 1970s and 1980s and,ultimately, the struggles of the 1960s. Yet the "movement" of the '60s both pursued a coalitionand alliance politics and challenged the dominant powers on multiple levels -- gender, race, thehierarchical structure of the universities, colonial domination, U.S. imperialism in Vietnam, thealienated nature of work, sexual repression, and the oppressive organization of everyday life. Inthe 1970s, however, the "movement" fragmented into the "new social movements" whichincluded feminist, black liberation, gay and lesbian, and peace and environmental groups, eachfighting for their own interests (e.g., blacks saw the emerging environmental movement in thelate 1960s as a bourgeois diversion from civil rights struggles, and environmentalists emphasizedwilderness issues while ignoring problems of urban pollution). By the 1980s and 1990s, as theBalkanization process continued, the "new social movements" had become transformed into"identity politics," the very name suggesting a turn away from general social, political, andeconomic issues toward concerns with culture and personal identity.Identity politics bears the influence of postmodern theory, which is evident in the critique of modern reductionism, abstract universalism, and essentialism, as well as a use of multiperspectival strategies that legitimate multiple political voices. Foucault's genealogicalpolitics, for example, is explicitly designed to liberate suppressed voices and struggles in historyfrom the dominant narratives that reduce them to silence. In identity politics, individuals definethemselves primarily as belonging to a given group, marked as "oppressed" and therefore asoutside the dominant white male, heterosexual, capitalist culture. These identities revolve arounda "subject position," a key identity marker defined by one's gender, race, class, sexual preference,and so on, through which an individual is made subordinate to the dominant culture. Although class is certainly a major form of identity, identity politics typically is defined in opposition toclass politics.But although postmodern theory usually attacks essentialism, there is a form of essentialism inmany modes of identity politics which privilege gender, race, sexual preference, or some othermarker as theconstituent of identity. Moreover, through fetishizing a single all-defining personalidentity (woman, black, gay, etc.), identity politics also departs from the insight of postmoderntheory that identities are multiple and socially constructed, and that they need to be reconstructedin an emancipatory, autonomous, and self-affirming fashion. In other words, some versions ofidentity politics fetishize given constituents of identity, as if one of our multiple identity markerswere our deep and true self, around which all of our life and politics revolve.In some forms, identity politics also dovetails with liberal interest group politics that seeks toadvance the interests of a single specific group, typically in opposition not only to the dominantgroups, but also to other marginalized and oppressed groups. Thus, in contrast to the universaland collective emphases of modern politics, a postmodern identity politics tends to be insular andsomething of a special interest group, perhaps itself a postmodern phenomenon. Hence, whereasmodern politics focused on universalistic goals like gaining civil liberties, reducing inequalities,or transforming structures and institutions of domination, postmodern identity politics singles out the specific interests of a group and constructs identities through identification with the group and its struggle
https://pages.gseis.ucla.edu/faculty/kellner/essays/postmodernpolitics.pdf
New York Times the end of identity liberalism.
But it is at the level of electoral politics that identity liberalism has failed most spectacularly, as we have just seen. National politics in healthy periods is not about “difference,” it is about commonality
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/opinion/sunday/the-end-of-identity-liberalism.html?_r=0
Identitarians can never build nor heal the nation, they are capable only of its deconstruction, never once showing themselves capable of action to improve a situation or debate
Now Charlottesville
Who would not have known that after all these of years of the promotion of identity politics some whites may choose to self-identify as white, and form groups defending and promoting whiteness?
Idiots, morons, and inbred anti-intellectual misfits gathered in Charlottesville to expose their racism and utter stupidity for all to see. They do have a first amendment right to do so. Hopefully, the public display of their overwhelming ignorance exposed their hate, and overt racism, compromising and exposing their ideas and beliefs for what they are, the delusional ramblings of white racists. This is a good thing, as the more exposed intolerant beliefs become, they are less likely to be endorsed or accepted by other people who previously may have been inclined to join said groups or organizations
Further readings.
Social postmodernism beyond identity politics. An interesting read on a direction some may suggest the Nation travels. I found the section where they claim science oppressing them amusing. Yet I know no good can come from such a belief. funny or not.
http://catdir.loc.gov/catdir/samples/cam034/94049039.pdf
Identity Politics: Limits of Postmodernism and Queer Theory
https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1057%2F9780230113558_5
Identitarianism is the belief that social identity matters most. Examples include white racists, black nationalists, male chauvinists, and gender feminists.If animals practiced identitarianism, cows and chickens would fight about who is more privileged while the butcher laughed.
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=identitarianism
Simon Tormey/ Do we need “identity politics”? Postmarxism and the critique of “pure particularism”
In their recent paper, ‘Multiculturalism, or, the cultural logic of multinational capitalism' Slavoj Žižek argues that multiculturalism and, by extension, much of what comes under the rubric of ‘identity politics' is no less than a new strain of ‘fascism'.1Žižek's principal point is that multiculturalism enacts a form of postmodern ‘racism' in which cultures and practices are sanctified insofar as they do not challenge or confront the authority of the Gaze. In this sense the multiculturalists' ‘neutrality' stands for their or their superiority over the very forms of life with which they or they are concerned to document and protect. It is a patronising gaze related to, if not the same as, that of the imperialist in their or their relations to the ‘poor bloody natives'. Žižek's point concerns, however, not merely the character of multiculturalism, but also its political effects. In their view the domination of multiculturalism is at the same time the domination of the particular over the universal, of the fragment over thetotality, of surface appearance over ‘essentialist' critique. The result has been disastrous for emancipatory theory, indeed for any attempt at maintaining a critical distance from the status quo. Žižek's claim is that multiculturalism has inured the left to the promise of emancipation by as it were ‘rainbow coalition' (Žižek, 1997, p. 47). In their view however, far from presaging a ‘new politics' of the subject and a new politics of emancipation or universalism as its supporters claim, multiculturalism's true raison d'êtreis the papering over the further extension of ‘globalisation'. Multiculturalism is as it were globalisation's human ‘face'; it speaks to us as concerned citizens of the world, as post-political, post-class bearers of ‘new', ‘diffuse' identities whilst at the same time erasing difference in the course its unfolding. The celebration of difference and diversity associated with multiculturalism and identity politics more generally is false: lurking within is a barely concealed will-to-mastery whose realisation involves the subjection and subordination most obviously of the global South and ultimately of all those subject to and oppressed by the logic of capital (Žižek 1997, p. 46; Žižek 1999, pp. 208 ff.). Identity politics (of which multiculturalism is but one expression) is therefore equivalent to the end of politics, or rather it is the ‘post-politics' of dispossession, not this ‘time' by nation states, but by multinational corporations. ‘In the long term', as they mordantly note, ‘we shall not only wear Banana Republic shirts but also live in banana republics' (Žižek 1999, p. 216). Žižek should be so lucky: some of us are consigned to live in banana monarchies. As is all too evident, Žižek's critique comes as a slap in the face to the postmarxian left
https://ecpr.eu/Filestore/PaperProposal/a6092ba9-cde1-4532-b8f0-53240879bd39.pdf
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Eva Longoria is a master of multitasking.
The 43-year-old actor is producing a new pilot, continuing their work with the Time's Up initiative, launching their clothing line on HSN and preparing to welcome their first child with husband Jose "Pepe" Baston.
Longoria has been sewing and designing clothes since they were 7. They believe clothes should be comfortable and show a woman's best self.
She's also been rallying for pay equity for women in Hollywood, and the thread of female empowerment is also woven throughout the Eva Longoria Collection. Them spring line features ruffled sleeves, graphic tees, floral patterns and feminine pleated skirts meant to be dressed up for work or down with a pair of sneakers. It launches on March 22 and 23 on HSN.
According to local reporters, Missouri's lieutenant governor Mike Parson told a crowd last month, “No one elected official… is larger than the state of Missouri. None."
This week, it seemed Parson was right.
Missouri's current governor Eric Greitens, facing escalating criminal investigations into their campaign and personal life and possible impeachment, announced their resignation Tuesday, leaving Parson to be sworn in to lead the state at the end of the week.
“It takes hard work and sometimes you have to work a little harder to get through tough times,” Parson went on at that event last month, according to the Columbia Daily Tribune.
Charlie Riedel/AP
With the scandals, controversies and charges that have swirled around the statehouse during Greitens' tenure, the next few months and years for Parson, a Republican like Greitens, will undoubtedly be tough, but James Harris, who consulted for Parson's 2016 campaign, said they are up for the task.
“He is the kind of person you throw into the deep end of the pool,” Harris told ABC News Wednesday, complementing Parson. “He will lead the state.”
Unlike Greitens, who was brand new to politics and governing when they took the helm, Parson is a seasoned and more traditional politician.  They are often described as a "true conservative" and hard-worker. They served as a state legislator for a dozen years before assuming their current role. They were the Sheriff of Polk County from 1993-2005 before running for the statehouse and served six years in the U.S. Army as a younger man.
Parson was raised on a farm and still currently “owns and operates a cow and calf operation,” according to their official biography. The Kansas City Star reported that that the lieutenant governor was out on their farm Tuesday when they received official word that Greitens was stepping down.
Whereas Greitens was seen by some as combative and, at times, confrontational, Parson has a reputation for being more of a dealmaker.
Gregg Keller, a Republican political strategist in the state, said Parson still maintains strong relationships with state legislators on both sides of the aisle.
Keller, who was not shy on the phone about their thoughts of Greitens ( they said they thought the outgoing governor struggled with “a serious personality disorder”) described Parson as “humble.”
Parson and Greitens ran separately in 2016, as governors and lieutenants always do in the state. Missouri has a history of even electing top officials from two different parties in years past.
Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP
Still, though pressure had been mounting for months for Greitens to resign and other Republicans in the state were called for them to step down, Parson largely remained quiet and tried to put their head down. It could be hard moving forward for them to shake the shadow of their predecessor while they finish the term that extends through 2020. Democrats have already made clear that they plan to continue to run against Greitens, their shortcomings and issues, and try to tie those close to their administration to the allegations against him.
“There is frankly, a lot of relief that the Greitens debacle is behind us,” strategist Keller continued.
There has been a sense with some Republicans in Missouri and in Washington that Greitens resignation may now help clear the road for other members of the party on ballots in the state in November who had been dogged by all the drama.
“That sigh you hear is Republicans in Missouri and elsewhere rejoicing at Greitens' unexpected decision to quit,” Dave Helling, a columnist for the local Kansas City Star wrote after Greitens' announcement Tuesday.
In their column, headlined, ‘Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens' resignation a relief for beleaguered Republican,' Helling said Parson seemed ready for the task at hand.
Parson will assume office as the state's General Assembly is finishing up a budget and bill review process. Republicans have supermajorities in both state legislative chambers.
A Sleaford Town Councillor is proposing that the council presses Royal Mail to smarten up some of the town's neglected post boxes to present a better image.
With work ongoing by local authorities under the Pride in Sleaford banner to tidy up unloved parts of the town, Coun Linda Edwards-Shea has suggested that many post boxes in the area are “dirty and in need of refurbishment”.
They have supplied photographs of a number of examples including on Eastgate and Woodbridge Road where mail boxes may not have seen a lick of paint or a scrubbing brush for years.
At tonight's (Wednesday) council meeting they propose to write a letter from Pride In Sleaford showing the state of some postboxes to request Royal Mail clean and refurbish them.
The council already backs the volunteer-led Sleaford Be Litter Free movement where residents band together via Facebook to tackle litter hot spots and the ongoing Sleaford In Bloom initiative to encourage the community to brighten up the town with flowers.
Volunteers have been busily planting pots and displays around the town and judges will be awarding marks for the impact of these displays, looking at how well kept the streets and buildings are. Litter, graffiti, weeds or other untidiness will cost marks.
Sleaford in Bloom is asking everyone who lives and works in the town to make sure their patch is spotless for judging day.
Global Forecast - Asia as of 13:30 GMT Monday, December 11, 2017
Minimum and maximum temperatures in Celsius, precipitation in centimeters and weather conditions as recorded for the previous day (Dec 10 except Asia and Australia where data is for Dec 11) and forecast for the current and following day in each city as of 1330 GMT:
_____
CITY;MIN;MAX;COND;PRECIP;MIN;MAX;COND;MIN;MAX;COND
Abidjan;25;33;pc;1.07;25;31;rn;25;31;pc
Abu Dhabi;19;25;pc;0;17;25;pc;16;26;clr
Aleppo;3;14;clr;0;4;16;clr;3;16;clr
Algiers;10;20;c;0;8;13;c;7;14;pc
Amsterdam;-1;2;sn;25.15;-1;3;pc;2;5;rn
Anchorage;0;6;c;10.34;0;4;c;-1;4;rn
Ashgabat;-2;10;clr;0;-2;7;clr;-1;6;pc
Astana;-14;-10;sn;4.17;-19;-11;pc;-24;-13;clr
Asuncion;20;35;clr;0;21;35;clr;23;37;clr
Athens;8;15;clr;1.22;9;18;clr;10;19;clr
Auckland;18;23;rn;6.45;17;24;pc;16;23;pc
Baghdad;6;19;clr;0;6;19;clr;5;20;pc
Bahrain;16;20;clr;0;16;21;clr;17;21;clr
Banda Aceh;23;34;rn;2.46;22;31;pc;23;32;pc
Bangalore;17;29;clr;0;18;29;pc;18;28;pc
Bangkok;25;34;pc;0;26;33;pc;25;33;pc
Barcelona;5;16;rn;0;3;12;pc;7;13;pc
Beijing;-7;2;clr;0;-8;-1;pc;-7;1;pc
Belgrade;8;12;pc;0.53;7;16;pc;3;9;rn
Berlin;3;4;c;7.34;-1;6;c;2;4;c
Bogota;8;19;rn;3.2;7;19;c;8;20;pc
Brasilia;18;23;rn;18.8;18;25;c;17;23;rn
Bratislava;9;13;c;1.02;2;11;rn;0;4;pc
Brisbane;18;27;pc;0.74;19;28;clr;20;29;clr
Brussels;0;4;sn;3.68;0;3;pc;3;7;rn
Bucharest;0;5;pc;3.56;4;11;clr;5;12;pc
Budapest;8;12;c;1.37;3;15;rn;-1;5;rn
Buenos Aires;17;23;clr;0;20;29;pc;20;32;pc
Bujumbura;18;29;rn;15.62;17;33;pc;18;33;pc
Busan;-5;4;pc;0.58;-2;2;clr;-4;4;clr
Cairo;13;23;pc;0;14;25;clr;13;23;clr
Cape Town;15;25;pc;0;15;21;clr;16;19;c
Caracas;16;27;pc;2.97;18;27;pc;19;25;pc
Chennai;24;32;pc;0.23;23;32;pc;24;31;pc
Chicago;-7;5;sn;0;-9;-3;pc;-2;0;sn
Colombo;24;32;pc;0;24;30;rn;24;30;rn
Copenhagen;1;2;pc;3.2;0;2;sn;2;3;rn
Dakar;21;28;pc;0;21;26;pc;20;27;pc
Dallas;5;24;clr;0;3;14;clr;5;21;clr
Dar es Salaam;24;31;c;0.99;25;31;pc;25;32;pc
Denver;0;15;clr;0;2;18;clr;-1;14;pc
Dhahran;10;22;clr;0;11;22;clr;12;22;clr
Dhaka;21;30;c;27.38;19;30;c;17;29;pc
Dili;23;35;pc;14.35;23;33;clr;24;33;c
Dubai;21;26;clr;0;18;26;clr;18;27;clr
Dublin;-1;4;pc;11.43;3;6;rn;2;6;rn
Dushanbe;-1;8;clr;0;-2;7;pc;-3;6;pc
Gibraltar;8;18;rn;1.52;9;14;clr;11;15;pc
Hanoi;16;19;c;0.05;17;19;rn;17;19;rn
Harare;16;25;c;5.38;17;25;rn;17;26;pc
Havana;14;22;clr;0;19;23;clr;15;24;pc
Helsinki;-1;1;c;0.91;-2;4;sn;0;2;pc
Ho Chi Minh City;23;32;clr;0;23;32;pc;24;32;pc
Hong Kong;16;23;clr;0;16;20;pc;18;21;c
Honolulu;21;28;pc;1.68;20;27;rn;20;27;pc
Hyderabad;15;30;clr;0;17;31;clr;19;31;clr
Islamabad;8;17;rn;0;6;17;rn;4;17;c
Istanbul;11;14;clr;4.37;11;16;pc;10;16;clr
Jakarta;24;32;rn;2.03;24;32;rn;24;32;rn
Jeddah;22;31;clr;0.69;22;30;pc;22;30;pc
Jerusalem;8;20;pc;0;8;21;c;8;18;clr
Johannesburg;14;23;c;2.84;15;28;pc;13;26;rn
Kabul;-3;10;pc;0;-4;8;clr;-4;5;pc
Karachi;12;26;clr;0;12;26;pc;10;25;pc
Kathmandu;8;23;clr;0;6;23;pc;6;23;clr
Khartoum;20;35;clr;0;20;36;clr;20;34;clr
Kiev;2;3;pc;0;4;10;pc;1;8;rn
Kingston;25;28;rn;2.79;24;29;rn;24;27;rn
Kinshasa;23;31;rn;5.61;23;32;c;23;29;rn
Kolkata;19;30;c;7.19;18;30;pc;17;30;pc
Kuala Lumpur;25;30;rn;4.9;25;31;rn;24;32;rn
Kuwait;6;20;clr;0;7;21;clr;8;21;clr
La Paz;3;16;c;0;3;16;pc;2;16;pc
Lagos;24;32;pc;0.99;25;30;pc;26;31;pc
Lima;18;23;c;0;18;23;c;19;23;pc
Lisbon;8;14;pc;16.48;8;14;clr;12;14;pc
London;-4;3;rn;17.42;0;2;pc;3;7;rn
Los Angeles;12;28;clr;0;13;28;clr;11;27;clr
Luanda;24;30;pc;0;24;30;pc;24;30;c
Madrid;0;11;c;3.12;-1;10;clr;4;11;pc
Male;26;31;clr;0;25;31;pc;26;31;pc
Manaus;24;31;rn;6.1;23;29;rn;24;30;rn
Manila;25;30;pc;0.3;25;32;pc;24;30;pc
Mecca;21;35;clr;1.24;21;34;pc;21;34;pc
Melbourne;13;24;pc;0;14;27;clr;19;35;pc
Mexico City;4;20;clr;0;3;21;clr;7;23;pc
Miami;9;21;clr;0;12;23;clr;8;20;clr
Minsk;-1;1;sn;0.71;1;6;pc;-5;3;pc
Mogadishu;24;31;clr;0;24;31;clr;24;31;clr
Montevideo;13;20;pc;0;17;27;pc;20;30;pc
Montreal;-11;-9;sn;2.72;-9;-3;sn;-15;-8;sn
Moscow;-5;2;sn;1.96;0;1;sn;-2;3;c
Mumbai;21;29;clr;0;21;28;pc;20;28;pc
Nairobi;12;23;pc;0;12;26;pc;13;27;clr
New Delhi;14;26;pc;0;13;23;pc;11;22;pc
New York;1;5;pc;0;-4;10;c;-5;0;pc
Nicosia;9;19;pc;0;9;21;clr;7;21;clr
Novosibirsk;-13;-5;pc;0.25;-16;-11;sn;-16;-11;c
Osaka-shi;1;9;pc;0.89;1;6;pc;1;7;pc
Oslo;-8;-1;sn;1.02;-10;-5;sn;-2;-1;sn
Ottawa;-11;-8;pc;3.23;-12;-5;sn;-18;-11;sn
Pago Pago;25;28;rn;38.84;25;29;rn;25;29;rn
Panama City;22;28;rn;0.51;23;29;rn;23;30;pc
Paramaribo;24;31;c;2.03;24;30;c;24;31;c
Paris;0;10;rn;12.19;2;5;pc;5;9;rn
Perth;19;36;clr;0;16;27;clr;17;25;clr
Phnom Penh;23;33;pc;0;24;32;pc;23;32;pc
Port Moresby;23;29;rn;5.08;23;29;rn;24;31;rn
Port-au-prince;21;31;pc;2.34;22;30;rn;22;30;rn
Prague;4;6;c;3.56;-1;6;c;0;3;pc
Pyongyang;-15;-8;clr;3.43;-16;-7;clr;-19;-6;clr
Quito;10;18;rn;23.24;11;18;rn;11;21;c
Rabat;7;16;rn;0;4;15;rn;5;16;clr
Recife;26;31;pc;1.45;25;31;pc;25;31;pc
Reykjavik;0;2;pc;0;-1;3;sn;-2;0;clr
Riga;0;1;sn;0.25;2;7;sn;-3;3;pc
Rio de Janeiro;22;31;pc;0.48;21;24;rn;20;26;c
Riyadh;6;22;clr;0;5;24;clr;8;23;clr
Rome;14;17;rn;3.45;10;17;rn;5;14;rn
Saint Petersburg;-5;1;c;9.3;0;3;sn;-1;4;sn
San Francisco;9;18;clr;0;8;18;clr;9;17;clr
San Jose;17;20;rn;9.78;17;22;pc;18;23;pc
San Juan;22;29;pc;0;22;30;pc;24;30;pc
San Salvador;15;22;pc;0;15;23;pc;15;23;pc
Sana'a;0;26;clr;0;1;24;clr;2;24;clr
Santiago;12;28;clr;0;11;25;pc;13;28;clr
Santo Domingo;20;29;pc;0;21;28;pc;22;29;pc
São Paulo;2;10;rn;21.54;4;13;clr;10;13;pc
Seattle;2;9;clr;0;4;9;clr;3;10;pc
Seoul;-12;-5;clr;4.78;-11;-4;clr;-12;-2;clr
Shanghai;6;10;clr;0;6;10;pc;7;11;c
Singapore;25;32;rn;7.62;25;31;rn;25;30;rn
Sofia;-5;2;pc;8.38;-1;10;pc;4;12;pc
St. John's;24;28;rn;1.02;24;29;pc;23;29;pc
Stockholm;0;1;sn;0.25;-5;2;sn;1;2;c
Sydney;20;27;clr;0;20;27;clr;22;31;c
Taipei City;16;19;c;0.23;17;19;rn;17;20;rn
Tallinn;-3;-2;clr;1.52;0;5;sn;-1;2;sn
Tashkent;-5;5;pc;2.03;-5;2;clr;-5;3;clr
Tbilisi;-1;10;pc;0;0;9;pc;0;9;clr
Tehran;1;12;clr;0;0;10;clr;2;11;clr
Tel Aviv;14;26;pc;0;14;26;c;15;23;pc
Tirana;11;15;c;1.02;10;18;pc;9;19;rn
Tokyo;2;16;clr;0;1;10;clr;2;9;clr
Toronto;-4;-2;sn;3.07;-9;0;sn;-10;-5;pc
Tripoli;10;21;clr;0;11;22;clr;11;22;clr
Tunis;10;22;clr;0;9;20;pc;8;18;pc
Ulan Bator;-24;-17;pc;0;-24;-16;pc;-27;-16;pc
Vancouver;4;10;clr;0;4;10;c;4;10;c
Vienna;7;13;c;0;1;10;rn;-1;5;pc
Vientiane;22;27;c;0;21;27;pc;21;29;c
Vilnius;1;2;sn;0;1;9;pc;-3;2;pc
Warsaw;5;6;pc;3.05;0;11;c;-1;3;pc
Wellington;17;21;clr;0;15;23;pc;14;20;pc
Yangon;23;32;clr;0;22;33;clr;22;33;clr
Yerevan;-7;4;clr;0;-6;5;clr;-5;5;clr
Legend: clr...clear;pc...partly cloudy;c...cloudy;rn...rain;sn...snow
_____
Copyright 2017 AccuWeather
_____
Keywords: Forecast, Global, Asia
PEACE IN THE STREETS BACK TO SCHOOL BLOCK PARTY
10 – 4pm SATURDAY, AUGUST 26th AT BESSIE BRANHAM PARK in the Kirkwood neighborhood of Atlanta
BASKETBALL + MUSIC + FAMILY FUN
11:00 AM – V-103 VS EVERYBODY Kicks BALL GAME
1:00 PM – AEBL DUNK CONTEST
2:30 PM – STUDIO 11 FILMS PRESENTS PREMIER SCREENING OF “MISGUIDED BEHAVIOR”
Bring the kids out for a day of family fun in the park! Meet the V-103 crew, hang out with Harry the Hawk and The Hawks Cheerleaders, get free swag from the Peach State Health Plan mobile market, face painting, bounce houses and more!
V-103 wants to make the A-T-L “A No Place for Hate Zone” one community at a time. So come out and take the pledge to stop the violence and stop the bullying!
British Prime Minister Theresa May has announced that they are calling for early elections on June 8.
"At this moment of enormous national significance, there should be unity here in Westminster," they said in televised remarks in front of 10 Downing Street, referring to the U.K.'s negotiations to leave the European Union.
"But instead, there is division," May said, accusing other political parties of putting up obstacles.
"What they are doing jeopardizes the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home, and it weakens the government's negotiating position in Europe," May added. "If we do not hold a general election now, their political game-playing will continue, and the negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run-up to the next scheduled election."
Watch their remarks here:
Before this announcement, the next U.K. general election was scheduled to take place in 2020.
Getty Image
Throughout this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, the Daily Stormer website — a haven for those who embrace Nazi/white supremacist beliefs — celebrated by publishing the above photo of their idol, Richard Spencer (who was arrested in grand fashion on Saturday). And although plenty of rally attendees have faced public shaming for their tiki-torch participation, the Daily Stormer celebrated their unique visitors, which were elevated as one would expect. The site even boasted about how President Trump did not condemn them in their now-infamous “many sides” speech, but their good times may have hit a logistical stumbling block.
GoDaddy, which has received plenty of criticism over the past several months for hosting the Daily Stormer, has now taken action: “We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service.”
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. — GoDaddy (@GoDaddy) August 14, 2017
The offending material surfaced when the Daily Stormer published a story about Heather Hayer, the 32-year-old woman who was allegedly murdered by James Fields Jr. (who has since been charged with second-degree murder) when they drove a car into a crowd of counterprotesters. As detailed by The Washington Post, Daily Stormer founder Andrew Anglin disparaged Hayer:
In the Daily Stormer post, Angelin characterized Heyer as dying in a “road rage incident.” They said they were a “drain on society” and disparaged their appearance. “Most people are glad they are dead,” they wrote.
In response to this post, Twitter user Amy Siskand asked GoDaddy to take action after Daily Stormer fans began to threaten them with violence as well.
.@GoDaddy I request you remove The Daily Stormer right away for violating your policy on threatening violence, which is happening now to me. — Amy Siskind (@Amy_Siskind) August 14, 2017
And in an odd twist — following GoDaddy's decision — the Daily Stormer appears to have been hacked by Anonymous (as this screencap suggests). However, this may all be a publicity stunt by those who run the site.
Daily Stormer
The question now remains … will any domain provider step up to host the site? And will Jason Kessler and their band of merry white supremacists rally in Boston next weekend as suggested? We should find out soon.
(Via GoDaddy & Washington Post)
An inclusive family day out has been successful in raising awareness and funding for families with children with additional needs.
The Family Funfest fully inclusive Daywas held on Sunday at Sleaford Rugby Club.
Jane Peck, from Rainbow Stars, organisers of the event said: “It was really, really well attended and we really enjoyed it.
“This year the committee was even able to get out there and enjoy it too, because we had so many helpers from various organisations.
“It was a really good day and I'm quite proud of my committee.
“The community really gets involved as well, we have so many businesses that came along and supported us by lending us equipment.
The event is held to raise promotion of inclusion of those with additional needs.
Held at the rugby club, it sees the venue split in two, with one side including noisy activities such as live music and the other with quieter activities.
This recognises the fact that some of those with additional needs find it harder to go to similar events because of the loud noises and the number of people there.
The event included a 3k Rainbow Colour Run, which saw families of all ages take part - right down to a five year old who was raising money after being inspired by their cousin who has autism.
There was also a dog show,, fun fair, sensory area and live music from acts including Ami-Kath Virden and Marc, IAMLockiexo, Rob Featony, The Retronauts, Type Forty and Glass Onion.
Lincolnshire's strongest man displayed their muscles by lifting a car, while the Lincoln Army brought a tank to display on the field.
Notable mascots includedLightning McQueen, Peppa Pig and a Stormtrooper.
A raffle included a 55” television and a Playstation 4.
One of the big highlights, and a well-kept secret, was that the event featured onBBC Radio Lincolnshire's Pirate Gold as the final clue.
Team Pearl of Amy Claridge and Claire Dunlop found their way there with just 37 seconds to spare after travelling to Halton Holegate, Spilsby, Friskney and Carrington.
Jane said: “That was a massive secret to keep!”
If you're child has additional needs and is from the Sleaford area visit http://rainbowstarssleaford.co.uk/
App Store Official Charts for the week ending April 22, 2018:
Top Paid iPhone Apps:
1. Minecraft, Mojang
2. Heads Up!, Warner Bros.
3. Plague Inc., Ndemic Creations
4. Facetune, Lightricks Ltd.
5. iSchedule, HotSchedules
6. Sky Guide AR, Fifth Star Labs LLC
7. Bloons TD 5, Ninja Kiwi
8. Geometry Dash, RobTop Games AB
9. NBA 2K18, 2K
10. PlantSnap Plant Identification, PlantSnap, Inc.
Top Free iPhone Apps:
1. Rise Up, Serkan Ozyilmaz
2. Fortnite, Epic Games
3. Love Balls, Super Tapx
4. YouTube: Watch, Listen, Stream, Google, Inc.
5. Helix Jump, Voodoo
6. Instagram, Instagram, Inc.
7. Snapchat, Snap, Inc.
8. Messenger, Facebook, Inc.
9. Facebook, Facebook, Inc.
10. PUBG MOBILE, Tencent Mobile International Limited
Top Paid iPad Apps:
1. Minecraft, Mojang
2. Procreate, Savage Interactive Pty Ltd
3. GoodNotes 4, Time Base Technology Limited
4. Geometry Dash, RobTop Games AB
5. Toca Life: After School, Toca Boca AB
6. SpongeBob Moves In, Nickelodeon
7. Notability, Ginger Labs
8. Five Nights at Freddy's, Scott Cawthon
9. LEGO Jurassic World, Warner Bros.
10. Terraria, 505 Games (US), Inc.
Top Free iPad Apps:
1. Love Balls, Super Tapx
2. Fortnite, Epic Games
3. Rise Up, Serkan Ozyilmaz
4. YouTube: Watch, List n, Stream, Google, Inc.
5. Impossible Bottle Flip, tastypill
6. Granny, Dennis Vukanovic
7. Netflix, Netflix, Inc.
8. ROBLOX, Roblox Corporation
9. Helix Jump, Voodoo
10 PUBG MOBILE, Tencent Mobile International Limited
__
(copyright) 2018 Apple Inc.
The controversial Greenacres and The Stables travellers' sites are being monitored “much more effectively”, according to Central Beds Council which now has open access to the land.
Seven months on from a council vote to put its £9m plans to shut down the sites on hold after travellers pledged to improve behaviour, CBC has told the LBO that residents are continuing to engage with its officers.
It was in July 2017 that the LBO first reported how CBC had devised the plan to acquire both sites in Little Billington – if necessary by compulsory purchase – in order to establish a replacement council-owned and managed gypsy and traveller site.
It followed years of Greenacres hitting the headlines for all the wrong reasons with reports of crime, fly-tipping, open sewage and theft of water and electricity supplies. It was notably the centre of a human slavery scandal uncovered in 2011, which saw 24 people rescued. Although there are 56 authorised plots, 96 have now been confirmed to exist there.
But with the council's “radical” plan hanging over them, the travellers gave CBC assurances of a turnaround, and councillors voted to give them a chance.
A project board was set up aimed at making the sites compliant with planning and licencing regulations, safe and well maintained, well managed and accessible to the authorities. The council warned that if the approach failed it would look to press ahead with its original plan.
This week Councillor Kevin Collins, Deputy Executive Member for Corporate Resources, said: “Whilst it may not be obvious to see, there has been both positive engagement with the residents on the sites and progress with addressing some of the issues.
“For example, the land is being registered formally at the Land Registry, some caravans have been removed and fly tipped rubbish has been cleared by the residents themselves.
“The residents have continued to engage with us and the other agencies. We have open access to the site, so we can come and go as needed and without prior permission.
“This means we can monitor the site much more effectively and we are also engaging more and more of the residents.
“We are committed to addressing the issues with the sites and will use legal processes where necessary.”
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Australia's military said on Tuesday that a fitness tracking application did not breach security despite revelations that an interactive, online map using its data can show troop locations around the world.
The Pentagon announced this week that it was doing a broad review of how the U.S. military forces use exercise trackers and other wearable electronic devices after the revelations about GPS tracking company Strava's application. Strava's online Global Heat Map shows the locations of its users.
Australian Defense Industry Minister Christopher Pyne said the Defense Department was preparing a report for the government on the matter. A department statement said it was aware of the possible risks of the collection of location data through personal electronic devices and apps.
"The circumstances of this application do not constitute a security breach," the statement said.
The issue was first publicized last weekend when Nathan Ruser, a 20-year-old student who is studying international security with a double major in Middle Eastern studies at Australian National University in Canberra, tweeted that "U.S. bases are clearly identifiable and mappable." It was later reported by The Washington Post.
The map uses satellite information to show the locations of subscribers to Strava's fitness service. The map shows activity from 2015 through September 2017.
Heavily populated areas are well lit, but warzones such as Iraq and Syria show scattered pockets of activity that could be caused by military or government personnel using fitness trackers as they move around. Those electronic signals could potentially identify military bases or other secure locations.
"Who knows if someone from any of the intelligence services noticed it before, but as far as I know, I'm the first person in public to put two and two together," Ruser told The Associated Press from Thailand, where they are visiting family.
They said more people were interested in the issue than they expected.
"I expected it to hang around pretty quietly in some of the open-source analyst circles, intelligence wonks would look at it and then for the government or the company to quietly fix the security vulnerabilities, but it's got pretty big," they added.
They called the map a "wakeup call."
"I wouldn't say it provides an acute security risk to any personnel because a lot of those bases are known and even though this map gives you a huge advantage if you were to prioritize targeting the base, none of America's current adversaries like ISIS can walk up to one of those bases and bomb it," they said.
Ruser said they had not been contacted by Strava or any security agency since their tweet attracted attention.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 5 to 8 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
Adrian already asking to hold their little brother😉💙💙💙new baby boy coming February 2018! pic.twitter.com/NHLYFjEJcH — Ginger Zee (@Ginger_Zee) August 14, 2017
ABC News Chief Meteorologist Ginger Zee made a big announcement onon Monday morning, and they did it with a weather map.After talking about the solar eclipse, Ginger said there would be a special phenomenon happening only on theweather map."The Southwest, right about here, and then this area, right about here, are going to have a shadow from my belly," they explained, demonstrating on the edges of the map. "Because I'm pregnant."She also tweeted a sweet photo of their first child, Adrian, saying they can't wait to hold their little brother.Ginger said she's due in February.
Photo Credit: Thinkstock
Filmed on Location
Grab your popcorn because the Big Apple is going to the movies — all together!
On September 13th, all New Yorkers are invited to participate in One Film One New York, where everyone can watch the same movie at the same time.
But before the screenings around all five boroughs, we need to pick what to watch. The Mayor's Office of Media and Entertainment has teamed up with The New York Times to choose five candidates shot entirely in the city, and it's completely up to you on what will be screened. Your choices are Crooklyn, On the Town, Desperately Seeking Susan, The Wedding Banquet or New York, New York.
Need a refresher? Check out all five films' trailers here.
Unsurprisingly, Hugh Jackson — the ultimate song and dance man — cast their vote for the musical On the Town. Actress Laverne Cox chose Desperately Seeking Susan. What's your pick — and will it come out victorious?
Photo Credit: Mike Stobe/Stringer/Getty Images
Take Me Out to the Ball Game
Mets and Yankees fans are getting together this week, but they're certainly not uniting.
The Subway Series, where the two New York baseball teams will face off, returns tonight. Though the Mets and the Yankees are in different leagues, their rivalry has been fierce since they crossed divisions in 1997 for the four-game set.
Right now, the Bronx Bombers have a better season record than their competition in Queens, but that shouldn't make the taunting among fans in the crowd any less fierce.
Tickets start at $40, and this series is sure to be heated. They'll play at Yankee Stadium on Monday and Tuesday, then shuttle over to Citi Field for Wednesday and Thursday's showdowns.
Photo Credit: Thinkstock
Butter Me Up
Being in this city can almost make you completely forget about the simple joys of summer, but this Lobster & Beer Lovers Sail will have you soaking up the best of the season.
On Tuesday night, get your sea legs on and board the Clipper City Tall Ship for a cruise around Lower Manhattan. While you're taking in the sights, enjoy Maine-style lobster rolls from Luke's Lobster and sides like coleslaw and potato salad. To wet your whistle, sip on local craft beers.
Tickets for this adventure on the seas are $76, and you won't find a decent lobster roll for much less than that. If you can't make it this week, grab your tickets now for cruises on September 5, September 19, and October 3.
Bruce Brown, director of the classic surfing film "The Endless Summer," has died. They were 80.
The general manager of Brown's film company Alex Mecl says Brown died Sunday in Santa Barbara, California, of natural causes.
Brown and their 1966 documentary "The Endless Summer" created the modern image of surfers as spiritual seekers on a quest, rather than thugs or buffoons.
And, along with the Beach Boys, they took surfing from a quirky hobby to a fundamental part of American culture.
"Endless Summer" was actually Brown's sixth surfing film, and like all the others it was shot on a tiny budget with Brown performing nearly every duty, from camera man to narrator.
The film follows two surfers as they hop hemispheres to constantly surf wherever it is summer.
Their charisma and the film's beauty made it an unlikely hit.
• Levi Daniel Hill, 38, listed as homeless, was incarcerated under a $56,000 secured bond earlier this month, according to city police department reports.
A traffic stop in the parking lot of the Mount Airy Plaza shopping center revealed that they were wanted on two orders for arrest for failing to appear in court which had been filed on Dec. 7.
Hill also allegedly was found with methamphetamine at the time of their arrest, resulting in charges of possession of a controlled substance with intent to manufacture, sell or deliver, a felony; possession of a Schedule II controlled substance; and possession of drug paraphernalia.  They are scheduled to be in court Monday.
In November, Hill was arrested for a laundry list of charges including possession with intent to manufacture/sell/deliver a Schedule V drug, possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of a firearm by a felon, possession of stolen goods, possession with intent to sell/deliver marijuana, possession of marijuana paraphernalia, driving while license revoked (impaired), and having a fictitious or altered registration/license plate, all dated Sept. 13. They also had a charge of failure to appear in court Sept. 15. They were given a $23,000 secured bond.
• A Mount Airy woman has been charged with two felony counts of larceny by an employee and one misdemeanor theft violation. Angela Lynn Barker, 44, of 157 Burke Road, was arrested on Jan. 10 at 512 W. Pine St., the address for the Citgo convenience store at the corner of Pine and South streets, after a larceny call and brief investigation. Barker was released on a written promise to appear in Surry District Court on Feb. 21.
• James Robert Brintle, 21, of 883 Turkey Ford Road, Dobson, was cited for larceny on Jan. 8 at Walmart after allegedly stealing a hoverboard valued at $198. Brintle is scheduled to be in District Court on March 21.
• Michael Allen Griffith, 35, listed as a homeless Mount Airy resident, was arrested on violations of second-degree trespassing and possession of drug paraphernalia on Jan. 8 at Circle K on North Main Street, from which they had been banned earlier in the month. A routine search during the arrest process allegedly turned up a glass smoking device containing white residue in one of Griffith's pants pockets. They were held in the Surry County Jail under a $750 secured bond and slated for a March 12 appearance in District Court.
• Michelle Dawn Montgomery, 29, of the Ennice community in Alleghany County, was arrested as a fugitive from justice late on the evening of Jan. 7 in the vicinity of Lowe's Home Improvement after they were encountered by police during a suspicious-person investigation. Montgomery was found to be wanted on an unspecified matter in Carroll County, Virginia, and jailed under a $2,000 secured bond.
• Samantha Marie Evans, 26, of 219 W. Lebanon St., No. 3, is facing violations of concealment of merchandise and possession of drug paraphernalia which were filed on Jan. 3 at Lowes Foods, where they allegedly took items valued at $21. The property was recovered, with Evans slated to be in District Court on Feb. 14. They have been banned from the store.
Google updated its Google Maps app for iOS Monday. Version 4.30's chief new feature is turn-by-turn directions on the lock screen courtesy of a Directions widget. With that widget, users can arrow through each direction in any active route from the lock screen or the Today view (swipe left on the Home Screen). Users can also send their location via Google Maps through iMessage. Both features give Google Maps a dramatically more integrated experience in iOS, erasing some of the pain points of not being the built-in Maps service for Apple's mobile operating system. The Directions widget will need to be added to your lock screen, while the location feature is available through iMessage. The update is free, meaning you remain the product.
Check It Out: Google Maps for iOS Adds Turn-by-Turn Directions to Lock Screen Widget
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Poland's media regulator has imposed a fine of nearly 1.5 million zlotys ($420,000) on a private news channel for what it alleges was unfair reporting during a political crisis last year.
The broadcaster, TVN24, said it will appeal what it called an "unfounded" penalty.
The move comes amid reports that Poland's ruling Law and Justice party is seeking a state takeover of TVN24, which is owned by an American company, Scripps Networks Interactive, and whose reporting is sometimes critical of the government.
The National Broadcasting Council said in a statement Monday that TVN24 coverage of street protests in December 2016 violated the law by "propagating illegal activities and promoting behavior that threatens security."
Scripps Networks Interactive, based in Knoxville, Tennessee, is being bought out by Discovery Communications.
CHICAGO (AP) — Boeing Co. is reporting a fourth-quarter profit of $3.13 billion.
The Chicago company on Wednesday reported net income of $5.18 per share. Earnings, adjusted for pretax gains, came to $4.80 per share.
The results topped Wall Street expectations for $2.91 per share, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research.
The airplane builder posted revenue of $25.37 billion in the period, also topping analyst projections of $24.83 billion.
Boeing expects full-year earnings in the range of $13.80 to $14 per share, with revenue in the range of $96 billion to $98 billion.
Shares of Boeing Co. are up sharply before the opening bell.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on BA at https://www.zacks.com/ap/BA
{"id":51713559,"title":"Convicted serial killer taunts FBI with letter on more victims","duration":"3:00","description":"Todd Kohlhepp, found guilty of killing seven people, told police in an eight-page letter that there are more victims but wrote they don't \"see reason to give numbers or locations.\"","url":"/GMA/video/convicted-serial-killer-taunts-fbi-letter-victims-51713559","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"}
The Latest on France's two-round presidential election (all times local):
6:25 p.m.
French presidential hopeful Emmanuel Macron has pledged to represent an "open, confident, winning France" in contrast with their far-right and far-left rivals.
Without naming them, Macron suggested Monday that far-right candidate Marine Le Pen and far-left leader Jean-Luc Melenchon want to isolate France form the rest of the world. Speaking at a big rally in Paris, Macron says "Some want us to believe ... that France will isolate itself."
Warning against the consequences of a vote for the far-right, they said "we feel everywhere the temptation of barbarism ready to surge in other guises."
Macron, an independent centrist with pro-business, pro-European views, is among the front-runners in France's unpredictable presidential race. The top two vote-getters in the first round Sunday will advance to the May 7 presidential runoff.
———
12:50 p.m.
French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron and far-right rival Marine Le Pen hope to rally big crowds in Paris with their rival visions for Europe's future.
Far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, enjoying a late poll surge, is campaigning on a barge Monday floating through the canals of Paris. And conservative candidate Francois Fillon is taking their tough-on-security campaign to the southern French city of Nice, which was scarred by a deadly truck attack last year that killed 86 people.
The French presidential race is being watched internationally as an important gauge of populist sentiment, and the outcome is increasingly uncertain just six days before Sunday's first round vote.
Le Pen's nationalist rhetoric and Melenchon's anti-globalization campaign have resonated with French voters sick of the status quo. Macron, meanwhile, is painting themselves as an anti-establishment figure seeking to bury the traditional left-right spectrum that has governed France for decades.
———
10 a.m.
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron, a former investment banker well connected in the business world, has fended off questions about their elitist image on BFM television.
They say Monday "the money I earned in my life, I earned it. I have not been given gifts."
They accused rivals of pandering to Russian President Vladimir Putin, and tried to distance themselves from Fillon, whose austerity-focused campaign has been damaged by accusations that they misused taxpayer money to pay their wife and children for government jobs that they allegedly did not perform. French investigators are probing the case.
Fillon denies wrongdoing and is focusing instead on security issues that resonate with many voters after two years of deadly attacks across the country.
The Coalition for Jewish Values (CJV), representing over 1000 traditional rabbis in public policy, called today for two universities to revisit the courses assigned to Professor Pnina Peri next year, and to mandate diversity and sensitivity training before their return to teaching. This came after Peri was caught on video mocking and shaming two men performing Jewish rituals.
In separate letters to the President of American University and the Chancellor of the University System of Maryland, the CJV said that Peri, listed as faculty by both, showed "unbridled hostility towards religious activity" which calls into doubt their ability to "demonstrate appropriate tolerance and accommodation of religious needs."
The man who posted the video, Gad Kaufman, said that they were waiting for their departure on a business trip to Europe. They described what transpired: "I was asked politely by a Chabad representative if I was interested in putting on tefillin (phylacteries), and I responded positively. This woman then appeared and began screeching and interfering."
"Her behavior was gratuitous and outrageous," said Rabbi Steven Pruzansky, East Coast Regional Vice President of the CJV, "and appeared to reflect a deep-seated animus towards Jewish observance. Them derision and forced, sarcastic laughter were completely outside the behavior expected of rational adults. If their hostility is so severe that it overwhelmed common decency and decorum in a public place, it is difficult to imagine how they could banish it from their classroom presentations for a full semester."
"According to their online biography," commented Rabbi Avrohom Gordimer, Chairman of the CJV Rabbinic Circle, "Peri is a 'specialist in multicultural theories' and the writer of Education in Multi-Cultured Society: Pluralism and Congruence Among Cultural Divisions. It is difficult to adequately describe the disconnect between their writing about tolerance and their own appalling, biased behavior."
The CJV requested that university officials "immediately review the course load assigned to Professor Peri for the upcoming semester," as "one could not anticipate that the woman portrayed on that video would necessarily treat [religious students] impartially and with complete fairness."
"The universities should require diversity and tolerance training before they return to the classroom," explained Rabbi Pruzansky. "They must examine their teaching assignments to ensure an environment of mutual respect for students in the fall."
The Coalition for Jewish Values (CJV), the largest rabbinic public policy organization in America, articulates and advocates for public policy positions based upon traditional Jewish thought.
A person was hit by a train at Leighton Buzzard this afternoon (Saturday) leading to cancellations of services between Milton Keynes Central and Watford Junction.
All lines were blocked for a couple of hours following the incident at around 4pm. Although they have now reopened, disruption is expected to last until the end of the day, with travellers being warned that trains may be cancelled or delayed by up to 2 hours.
One person told the LBO: “I live down the road from the station and I was outside when a high speed train went by and there was an almighty bang.
“Then there were about 20 police in high-vis jackets walking down the line and one rail worker in orange overalls.”
ANAHEIM – John Gibson tied a Ducks record with 51 saves and Corey Perry decided the game with the winning goal in the shootout Sunday night as the Ducks came away with a 4-3 win over the Philadelphia Flyers.
Perry scored on Flyers goalie Steve Mason in the fifth round and Gibson stopped Sean Couturier to end it after making stops on three of Philadelphia's four other shooters. Gibson's 51 saves in regulation and overtime were the most for a Ducks goalie since Jonas Hiller did so on Jan. 19, 2008.
The Ducks (19-12-8) managed to win by getting beyond overtime, where they've lost all seven decisions in the 3-on-3 session. They also survived a 55-shot assault by the Flyers while only getting 25 shots on goal themselves. But they did get three goals from Ryan Kesler, their first hat trick in nearly six years.
Rickard Rakell had the game in their hands with a clean breakaway early in the extra session but Mason, who wasn't tested nearly as much as Gibson, made a fine stop to keep it going. Gibson answered by putting up a wall on Philadelphia rookie Ivan Provorov and making a mask save on Michael Del Zotto.
Kesler is putting the Ducks on their shoulders and making a serious case for inclusion in the NHL All-Star game. It would be well-earned as their three goals gave them 15 for the season, while also leading the Ducks with 34 points.
The first goal was an easy tap-in off a nice pass from low-scoring defenseman Korbinian Holzer but Philadelphia rookie Travis Konecny answered with a second-chance goal just 19 seconds later. Kesler came back with a rebound score at 16:54 of the first so the Ducks took a 2-1 lead into intermission.
It became 3-1 just 69 seconds into the second as Kesler got a pass from Andrew Cogliano in transition, curled around to get a shooting angle on Flyers defenseman Michael Del Zotto and zipped a wrist shot through the pads of Mason for their fourth career hat trick and first with the Ducks.
But the Ducks didn't handle prosperity very well all game. Couturier scored just 37 seconds later and Brayden Schenn forged another tie by converting a rebound on the power play. Ducks coach Randy Carlyle then summoned Jonathan Bernier to replace Gibson at the 3:06 mark.
Gibson and Carlyle appeared to briefly share a few words before the goalie took a seat to watch the action. But with just 3 minutes, 48 seconds more than elapsed, Gibson headed back into the net during a stoppage in play. And they were stellar after their return.
On consecutive shifts, Couturier and Konecny got in close for more top-shelf chances but Gibson reached back to stop Couturier's second try with their stick and dove without their paddle to turn away Konecny, who came back with a big game after being scratched for the first time Tuesday at San Jose.
Both goalies kept it a tie game in the third. Mason shut down Ducks winger Jakob Silfverberg on a shorthanded odd-man rush with Cogliano early on in the period while Gibson later made a save on Del Zotto to help kill off a high-sticking double minor by Ducks center Logan Shaw.
Contact the writer: estephens@scng.com
New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski and their agent, Drew Rosenhaus, met Tuesday with coach Bill Belichick, telling them that Gronkowski will play for the Patriots this season. The decision ends speculation that they could retire.
"It was very positive and Rob is committed," Rosenhaus told ESPN's Adam Schefter.
A source told Schefter that Gronkowski will not be traded this season.
Gronkowski announced their return on Instagram.
Gronkowski, who turns 29 on May 14, earned All-Pro honors in 2017 as they bounced back from a season in which they were limited to eight regular-season games in 2016 and underwent back surgery. They led the Patriots with 69 receptions, which went for 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns.
They missed two games in the regular season -- one because of their thigh and one due to NFL suspension -- and was knocked out of the AFC Championship Game because of a concussion.
Their health might have been on their mind after Super Bowl LII when they were asked about possibly retiring.
"I don't know how you heard that, but I mean, I'm definitely going to look at my future, for sure," Gronkowski said moments after the Patriots lost to the? Philadelphia Eagles. "I'm going to sit down in the next couple of weeks and see where I'm at."
When asked that day what would make them retire, Gronkowski said, "I'm not ready for these types of questions right now. I mean, I'm just going to sit down, reflect on the season, keep talking to my teammates ... and just see what happens."
Gronkowski, who has undergone three back surgeries in their career, in addition to procedures on their knee and forearm, said after the Super Bowl that concussions would not be the reason for them to retire.
Information from ESPN's Mike Reiss was used in this report.
Georgia sophomore quarterback Jake Fromm suffered a small fracture in their non-throwing left hand earlier this week, but they won't miss any summer workouts, Georgia coach Kirby Smart told ESPN on Wednesday.
UGASports.com first reported Wednesday that Fromm suffered the injury in a freak boating accident Monday on Lake Burton.
Smart termed the injury as "insignificant" and said that Fromm had already resumed throwing. As a true first-year student last year, Fromm led Georgia to an SEC championship and an appearance in the College Football Playoff National Championship Game, where the Bulldogs lost to Alabama.
Fromm finished with 2,615 passing yards, 24 touchdown passes and seven interceptions after taking the starting job away from Jacob Eason, who has since transferred to Washington.
The Bulldogs are also bringing in 5-star quarterback Justin Fields, who was ranked by ESPN as the country's No. 1 prospect overall in the 2018 signing class.
John Kheit does an iPad Pro 12.9-inch shootout for the 2015 and 2017 models. They show how much Apple Pencil lags on each iPad, and does some benchmarking with Geekbench 4, as well as a drive speed utility.
Check It Out: iPad Pro 12.9-inch Shootout Video: 2015 vs. 2017
Holiday shopping is in full gear and sometimes find the perfect gift for children can be a daunting task. From big surprises to sports collectibles and adorable pet monkeys, here are this season's hottest toys.
Mega Bloks Elephant Parade
www.megabloks.com
Little ones can be the leader of the parade with the Mega Bloks Elephant Parade building set. Ideally for children from 1 to 5 years old, the blue elephant features for animals to build and a pull string for kids to start the parade fun. While children will have fun building different animals, they will be improving their motor and problem-solving skills. After having fun, the blocks are an easy clean and store inside the tumbler bin.
Fingerlings Baby Monkeys
www.wowwee.com
One of the holiday season's hottest items are the adorable pint sized Fingerlings Baby Monkeys. The line of six pet robots come to life with over 50 interactive animations, including sweet and silly sounds. Resting on a child's finger or hanging by its tail, the Fingerlings respond to touch and even when you blow a kiss to them by turning their head, blinking their eyes and making monkey sounds.
Fisher Price Think & Learn Smart Cycle
www.fisherprice.com
The Fisher Price Think & Learn Smart Cycle is the ideal gift for toddlers to promote physical play while on a tablet or televisions. The stationary tricycle puts children in control of racing and learning games. Ideal for children between 3 and 6 years old, it is accompanied by fun apps from the tablet's App Store. The games help young children become prepared for kindergarten as they pedal through games through increasing learning levels. Some of the children's favorite Nickelodeon characters are featured in games, including Shimmer and Shine with math curriculum, Blaze and the Monster Machines with exploration and Spongebob Squarepants with science and social studies.
L.O.L Surprise! Big Surprise
www.lolsurprise.com
The holiday season is full of surprises, so it makes sense the L.O.L Surprise! Big Surprise would be the perfect gift for children. Filled with a astonishing 50 layers of fun, the super-sized sparkly golden ball features stickers, collectible dolls, accessories and outfits for the doll. The adorable pint size dolls are from a world that is run by babies and where everything is an outrageous surprise. Ideal for children 6-years old and older, the product was listed on the Toy “R” Us 2017 Holiday Hot Toy List and Target's 2017 Top Toys List.
Num Noms Nail Polish Maker
www.numnoms.com
This holiday season children can pretend to open their own nail salon with the Num Noms Nail Polish Maker. Num Noms signature cuteness and sweet scents are transformed into nail polish in four easy steps for children 3-years old and up. The kits come with three nail polish bottles, one Num-Heavenly Fro-yo, three scented nail polish colors, glitter, two finger rest and nail stickers. All children have to do is pick their scent, add glitter and mix it together before applying it to their nails.
FanChest
www.fanchest.com
Some of the littlest sports fans can get a surprise this holiday season from their favorite team. FanChest curates your favorite sports teams gear, including Rangers, Yankees and Islanders, into a box packed with apparel, merchandise and a chance to win a once in a lifetime opportunity. From newborns to kids and adults, boxes can be order for boys and girls and are unique to each recipient. Items that can be packed into a box are shirts, miniature replicas of helmets, autographed memorabilia and items that are not available in stores. It is not just about baseball and hockey, FanChest offers packages for NFL, NCAA and the NBA.
Roxi
www.electricjukebox.com
Music lovers can discover a fun new way of listening to music with the Roxi by Electric Jukebox. The family television is transformed into the ultimate music hub within 2-minutes by plugging in the Roxi into the HDMI port. When people purchase the device they will receive a free one year subscription to Electric Jukebox, which includes tens of millions of songs from classic to today's hits. Besides listening to music, children can sing karaoke with the remote that functions as a microphone, access a worldwide radio and games.
John Friia is a freelance journalist and native New Yorker writing about food, drinks and lifestyle. You can follow their adventures on Instagram.
Jason Greenblatt, U.S. President Donald Trump's chief Middle East negotiator, said on Tuesday that Hamas uses protests at Israel's border with Gaza to attack the Jewish state.
“Hamas and other terrorist groups have spent their energy and resources encouraging Palestinians in Gaza to stage protests and throw rocks and Molotov cocktails at the border fence,” Greenblatt said in a speech at the American Jewish Committee's women's leadership board spring luncheon, as quoted by JTA.
Himalayan Pizza and Momo, a new restaurant by the family behind Saffron Grill in Hayes Valley, opens today in the Tenderloin.The Nepalese eatery at 288 Golden Gate Ave. (at Hyde) serves a wide variety of options, including pizzas, sandwiches, pasta, and salads.But its specialties are traditional Nepalese dishes like samosas, chicken and vegetarian masalas, and momo--steamed dumplings filled with meat and/or vegetables.The menu also offers several gluten-free and vegan entrees as well as lunch combos.As we reported last year , the restaurant's general manager, Santosh Gurung, lives in the Tenderloin and has long wanted to bring Nepalese flavors to the neighborhood.Gurung made many improvements to the space, including adding a new sign and awning. Taj Pizza was the last restaurant to occupy the location.The restaurant's head chef, Nab Raj Dhakal, owned and managed Kathmandu Pizza House in Nepal before coming to the Bay Area in 2011. Prior to joining Himalayan Pizza and Momo, they worked for six years at Chico's Pizza.Dhakal will be joined in the kitchen by Saffron Grill cook Ranjit Gurung, who will be the tandoori chef.Himalayan Pizza and Momo is open today from 11am until 10pm. The restaurant will initially be open seven days a week, but hours may change over time. Its food is also available for delivery through DoorDash.
Oprah Winfrey has long been known for their struggle with weight, but now they are saying they have learned the keys not just to losing pounds, but to gaining a fuller life.
The media mogul shared their lessons in Weight Watchers magazine, appearing on the cover for the first time.
"She is very open and very open about their journey on Weight Watchers," Theresa DiMasi, the magazine's editor-in-chief, told ABC News.
Winfrey, who has lost 42 pounds since they started the program, said that setting a clear intention has been the key to their success this time around.
"Intention is the most powerful principle that rules my world," they told the magazine. "I do nothing without first thinking about why I'm doing it. What is the real motivation?"
They said their intention is to live more fully, which is now the focus of the new Weight Watchers "Live Fully" campaign, and a new commercial featuring Winfrey sharing an elegant outdoor dinner with other people on the program.
Weight Watchers
"When people struggle [with] losing weight or getting healthier, if you have a clear intention, that actually really helps," DiMasi said.
"The fullness of life, the fullness of being, the self-acceptance, I'd never done that before," Winfrey told Weight Watchers. "I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number."
But even Winfrey has their setbacks.
"At this point I'm wise enough to know that there's no such thing as failure. It's all here to teach me," they said. "I don't look at this as a diet; I see it as a plan for life."
Winfrey also told the magazine that for the longest time, they were afraid of potato chips, but now they deny themselves nothing and just doesn't give themselves everything at the same time.
This weekend, the Tennessee Highway Safety Office (THSO) and the Tennessee Highway Patrol (THP) are huddling up to urge Super Bowl fans not to drop the ball on finding a sober ride home.
According to the Tennessee's Integrated Traffic Analysis Network, there were 71 crashes and four fatalities statewide related to alcohol-impaired driving during Super Bowl weekend last year. In 2016, there were 67 crashes and two fatalities.
“Our state and local partners will increase enforcement to remove drunk drivers from the roadways,” said THSO Director Vic Donoho. “Officers will conduct sobriety checkpoints, saturation patrols, and high visibility enforcement. We ask that all Tennesseans plan ahead and make safe driving choices.”
This year, the THP developed a new public service announcement (PSA) to remind football fans the most important part of a party checklist is to designate a sober driver. Click here to view the PSA: www.youtube.com/watch?v= fltzS6kayi4
“In 2017, state troopers removed 116 impaired drivers from state roadways during Super Bowl weekend,” said THP Colonel Tracy Trott. “Drunk driving is not a game. If you fumble and get behind the wheel, you risk losing your life or the life of another. Be a team player. Always find a sober ride home.”
Pete Souza, who served as the chief White House photographer during former President Barack Obama's eight years in office, is continuing their suddenly not-so-subtle campaign of throwing shade at President Trump.
Since Trump's inauguration, Souza has been posting on Instagram vintage images from Obama's two terms, while tossing barbs at the new commander in chief.
Their criticism of Trump was on full display on Monday, as the president welcomed Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to the White House — a visit that prompted a few awkward photo ops. Souza shared an image of Obama and Trudeau inside the Oval Office with a one-word caption: “Allies.”
Then, following reports that Trump and their staff prepared their official response to North Korea's missile test over the weekend in full view of guests on the patio at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., Souza posted a March 2011 photo of then-President Obama in a discussion with top aides in El Salvador after a conference call with their national security team.
“When we were on the road, national security discussions and head of state phone calls were conducted in a private, secure location set up onsite,” Souza wrote. “Everyone had to leave their Blackberry outside the area.”
Souza also retweeted side-by-side images posted to Twitter by former Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau of the Situation Room during the raid that killed Osama bin Laden, and a photo taken of the scene at Mar-a-Lago that had been posted to Facebook by a guest.
Souza sharpened their criticism of the Trump administration on Sunday after Trump senior policy adviser Stephen Miller, in an interview with ABC's “This Week,” refused to provide proof of claims of voter fraud in New Hampshire.
White House senior advisor doubles down on unsubstantiated NH voter fraud claims: “Voter fraud is a serious problem in this country." pic.twitter.com/VZ40gBU7wT — GeorgeStephanopoulos (@GStephanopoulos) February 12, 2017
“Should any reputable network ever again interview a WH aide who purposely and knowingly lies to the American people?” Souza tweeted.
Should any reputable network ever again interview a WH aide who purposely and knowingly lies to the American people? https://t.co/zlrVxgjIEM — Pete Souza (@PeteSouza) February 13, 2017
More from Yahoo News:
Matt Smith has broken their silence over the pay disparity row on Netflix series The Crown, after it emerged they were being paid more than the show's star Claire Foy.
It was revealed last month at a TV conference in Jerusalem that Left Bank, the production company that makes the show, had paid Smith more despite their supporting role as the Duke of Edinburgh.
Smith was attending the premiere of new biopic Mapplethorpe at the Tribeca Film Festival, when they were asked about the controvery.
“Claire is one of my best friends, and I believe that we should be paid equally and fairly and there should be equality for all,” they told The Hollywood Reporter.
“I support them completely, and I'm pleased that it was resolved and they made amends for it because that what's needed to happen.
“Going forward, I think we should all bear in mind that we need to strive to make this better and a more even playing field for everyone involved — but not just in our industry, in all industries.”
Left Bank apologised to both Smith and Foy following the outcry over the disparity.
“We want to apologize to both Claire Foy and to Matt Smith, brilliant actors and friends, who have found themselves at the center of a media storm this week through no fault of their own,” it said in a statement.
View photos (Credit: Netflix) More
“Claire and Matt are incredibly gifted actors who, along with the wider cast on The Crown, have worked tirelessly to bring our characters to life with compassion and integrity.
“As the producers of The Crown, we at Left Bank Pictures are responsible for budgets and salaries; the actors are not aware of who gets what and cannot be held personally responsible for the pay of their colleagues.
“We understand and appreciate the conversation which is rightly being played out across society and we are absolutely united with the fight for fair pay, free of gender bias, and for a rebalancing of the industry's treatment of women, both those in front of the camera and for those behind the scenes.
“We all have a responsibility to do what we can to ensure that these issues are tackled, and as a leading production company we want to make our contribution to the debate. As company policy we are engaged in conversations with ERA 50:50 and going forward are keen to talk to Time's Up UK, organizations which are working to ensure all women have a voice.”
Foy spoke about the furore in March, telling Entertainment Weekly: “I'm surprised because I'm at the centre of it, and anything that I'm at the centre of like that is very very odd, and feels very very out of [the] ordinary.
“But I'm not [surprised about the interest in the story] in the sense that it was a female-led drama. I'm not surprised that people saw [the story] and went, ‘Oh, that's a bit odd.'
“But I know that Matt feels the same that I do, that it's odd to find yourself at the centre [of a story] that you didn't particularly ask for.”
Season three of the series, which will see Foy replaced in the role of the Queen by Olivia Colman and Matt Smith by Game of Thrones star Tobias Menzies, will air later this year.
Read more
Verne Troyer dies at 49
Anthony Hopkins posts terrifying video on Twitter
Benedict Cumberbatch slams ‘pathetic' co-star Martin Freeman
SEATTLE (AP) — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by the Obama administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country. Daniel Ramirez Medina, 23, was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who went to the suburban Seattle home to arrest the man's father. ICE spokesperson Rose Richeson said in a statement that agents were there targeting a “prior-deported felon.” Ramirez, however, was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when they were 7 and has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. They also have a job, a young son and no criminal record, Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams said. Ramirez is being held in Tacoma. Richeson said Ramirez told agents they were a gang member and based on those statements and being a “risk to public safety,” they were taken into custody. But Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez's lawyers, responded later Tuesday that Ramirez “unequivocally denies being in a gang” and that the statement from Richeson is inaccurate. “While in custody, they were repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit afiliation,” Rosenbaum said. Adams said Ramirez is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained. “This appears to be a complete one-off. We certainly haven't seen this with our other hundreds of clients who have DACA status as well.” Attorneys for Ramirez challenged their detention in federal court in Seattle Monday, arguing the arrest violates their constitutional rights to live and work in this country without the fear of arrest and deportation so long as they satisfy DACA requirements. “Trust in our government depends upon the Executive Branch keeping its word,” Ramirez attorney Mark Rosenbaum, director of Public Counsel's Opportunity Under Law Project, said in a statement. “Bait and switch sullies the integrity of our nation's core values.” Emily Langley, a spokesperson for the US attorney's office in Seattle, said Tuesday afternoon it would be premature to comment on the lawsuit. Recent sweeps by U.S. immigration agents across multiple states have netted some immigrants with no criminal records, a departure from enforcement actions in the last decade. Under the Obama administration, agents focused more narrowly on individuals who posed a security or public safety threat. President Donald Trump made illegal immigration a cornerstone of their campaign, saying they will build a wall along the Mexican border and deport millions of people, although actual plans have yet to be revealed. They have said they want to focus on people who have committed crimes. During an interview with Time magazine late last year, Trump expressed sympathy for the more than 740,000 people in the DACA program, which started in 2012. “We're going to work something out that's going to make people happy and proud,” they told the magazine. Trump can withdraw the promised protection right away through an “operational memo” because Obama implemented it through one, William Stock, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said previously. Adams said they believe Ramirez was apprehended by mistake. “I don't think this has to do with any change in policy; I just think it was an enforcement procedure gone wrong,” Adams said. “Hopeful they're going to come to their senses.”
Comments
comments
STORY Thanos Kamilalis
STORY 06/12/16
Erdoğan΄s propaganda mechanism and media control
Yesterday, WikiLeaks, in collaboration with ThePressProject, leaked the emails of the Turkish minister of Energy -and Tayyip Erdoğan΄s son-in-law- Berat Albayrak. The emails reveal how Erdoğan΄s government organized a mechanism of propaganda and psychological warfare, together with an “army” of 6.000 Twitter accounts, in order to deal with the mass demonstrations of 2013 and promote the political views of the governing party, AKP. At the same time, Albayrak appears to have an active role [...]
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
By Brad Marshland
When Wanda James' brother Rick was 19, they were arrested for possession of 4.5 ounces of marijuana – and sentenced to 10 years in prison. According to Wanda, the Texas prison system used them as slave labor, compelling them to pick cotton in order to buy their freedom, while the profits of their work went to corporate interests.
“You have to ask yourself, why would the country do that,” says James, “and what kind of mental anguish is that to take a young black man and put them in the position of being a slave?”
Since then, Wanda and their husband, Scott Durrah, have been on a mission to reframe the conversation by capitalizing on the same drug that put their brother away. In 2009, they became the first African-Americans in Colorado to be licensed to operate a medical marijuana dispensary.
“At the time, over 800,000 people a year were being arrested for simple cannabis possession,” James says, “and Scott and I wanted to talk about what was happening, how people were being targeted, and how people that looked like us were generally being targeted.”
A former lieutenant in the U.S. Navy, James worked as a corporate executive and as a political consultant, and served on Barack Obama's National Finance Committee in 2008. After Obama's election, James says they and their husband wanted to put a different face on the cannabis industry. “We wanted to stand up, and we knew they couldn't make criminals out of us.”
For their part, Scott Durrah leveraged decades of experience as a chef and restaurateur to help Wanda James launch Simply Pure as a medicinal edibles company in 2010. “We knew there was another step on top of the social justice part of it that we could really bring to this industry,” says Durrah, who expresses joy at being able to help people with terminal cancer, epilepsy, and multiple sclerosis.
Wanda and Scott have been together for nearly 25 years. And while they used to drink together, Wanda argues that the effect of cannabis on relationships is “1,000 times better than anybody dealing with alcohol or the fog of prescription drugs” and rails against the hypocrisy in cultural acceptance of alcohol compared with the vilification of marijuana. “If Scott and I were Ernest and Julio Gallo, there is not one person that would ever think it was strange that we had a glass of wine together every night.”
The couple lives in a beautiful house originally built by William Coors in 1890. What started with a beer family in the 19th century is now in the hands of a cannabis family in the 21st. Perhaps that, more than anything else, demonstrates the growing equivalency of marijuana and alcohol.
Wanda sees the trend toward legalization of marijuana in states like Colorado as a great vindication of the injustice done to their brother and others like him. But that's just the first step. “First, stop being arrested for it. Then, learn to be entrepreneurs from it.”
_____
Read more from the Yahoo Weed & the American Family series:
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israel says it is reopening its embassy in Jordan after the two countries put a monthslong diplomatic spat behind them.
Foreign Ministry spokesperson Emmanuel Nahshon said on Tuesday that there will be a "gradual reopening" of the embassy in Amman but that no ambassador has been appointed yet.
The embassy was closed after a shooting last summer there in which two Jordanians were killed. Israel's ambassador returned to Israel along with the guard involved in the shooting. The guard claimed self-defense and received a hero's welcome at home, angering Jordanians.
The incident ruptured relations between the countries which signed a peace agreement in 1994 and cooperate on security and other issues.
Israel has since reportedly expressed regret for the incident and offered compensation to the victims.
More than 180,000 evacuees are returning home after officials lifted evacuation orders triggered by the Oroville Dam emergency spillway. With more rain on the way, not everyone is so sure they should unpack.The return to normal started yesterday afternoon when officials lifted the mandatory evacuation order allowing the evacuees to begin returning home after they were ordered to leave on Sunday.Many were staying at temporary shelters or hotels more than an hour away and though they couldn't wait to get home, some say they're worried that with the next rainstorm, they could have to leave again."We're not sure. We're going to keep our vehicles packed up and ready to go or go ahead and completely unpack. You know, I'm just not quite sure about that one yet," said Chuck S."We're still a little weary on it because we don't know with the rain coming and everything if we're going to go back into evacuation or what's going to happen, so we got everything still packed up," said Oroville resident Gail McElroy.Meanwhile, work continues to shore up the Oroville Dam's crumbling emergency spillway ahead of the rain expected late Wednesday night. The last update, 125 construction crews, 40 trucks per hour, carrying big rocks, sandbags and concrete down to the damaged emergency spillway, that dirt hillside, while water continues cascading down the concrete main spillway, which also has a hole in it.Water managers say they had just enough of a chance to inspect that main spillway, and they're confident it'll hold as they empty water out of the lake to prevent the emergency spillway from being needed again and they're making good progress.The lake level is currently down about 22 feet from its highest point on Sunday that's nearly halfway to the state water department's goal of 50 feet.Of course, the permanent fix for the spillways will be a long and expensive one and ABC7 News learned late Tuesday that the federal government has approved Governor Brown's request for money to speed that along.
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Leroy Sané will be out for "six, seven weeks" after sustaining ankle ligament damage during the team's FA Cup win over Cardiff.
Sane's absence leaves the Premier League leaders short of attacking options in a crucial part of the season, with the Germany winger potentially missing up to 11 matches in four competitions. That includes the League Cup final.
With Gabriel Jesus also injured, Sergio Aguero, Raheem Sterling and Bernardo Silva will shoulder the attacking burden for City.
The 22-year-old Sane, who has scored 11 goals and set up 14 more in all competitions this season, was injured by a challenge from Cardiff defender Joe Bennett, who was shown a yellow card for the tackle and later sent off for a second bookable offense.
“Oh my gosh! Will that person ever shut up?!” We are all adults here. We do not have to pretend that this thought has not crossed our minds at some point during our college career. Whether you're a millennial having to listen to an old dinosaur of a classmate drone on about “how things used to be,” or you're an individual who is more advanced in years having to sit through the incessant chattering of a young whippersnapper, it's easy to dismiss those peers whose age is vastly different from your own.
Amarillo College is well known for encouraging people from all walks of life, and of all ages to go to school, but the very concept of welcoming diversity also creates issues in the classroom. The student body of AC represents nearly every living generation in our community, and there are times that the tension in the classroom between those of different ages is palpable.
Older students, usually those who've already had families and careers, walk into the classroom with a lifetime of experience and wisdom. This knowledge has been gained through many years of blood, sweat and tears and is invaluable to our society as our young people begin grappling with the stresses of life. These older more seasoned students tend to share their knowledge with others through stories and life examples and, for some younger students, this comes across as stuffy, antiquated, useless or downright boring. “Damn it, Nancy! We're here to learn about new things, not typewriters and rotary phones.” Even with all this wisdom, people still tend to become jaded and inflexible if there is no one to challenge their ideologies and help them to retain their flexibility in the face of a struggle.
Younger students bring with them energy, vitality for life, new perspectives and lives that are essentially blank canvases that allow them to be more inventive and agile. These students tend also to be more technologically savvy which is a huge helpmate in today's world. This can cause problems though because they can usually be found with their faces glowing from the nearest device checking their social media and watching the latest Netflix series. Older students often see their younger counterparts as distracted by tech and unprepared to face the hardships that life will bring. They see this generation who live on instant gratification and wonder if any real work will ever get done.
We, the Ranger staff, find it disappointing to see the strengths and value of both sets of students go to waste. We want to see the wisdom of those who have lived life be passed on to the younger students so that they will not have to learn those lessons the hard way. Likewise, we want to see the younger set teaching the older students how to adapt to a world that is changing faster all the time.
Our challenge to you is to open yourself to the possibility that you do not have all the answers. Put down your cell phone or slide rule and ask yourself “What can I learn from the people I meet today?”
IDF publishes photos of some of the Hamas and Islamic Jihad targets that were struck in Gaza.
The IDF on Thursday published photos of some of the terror targets that were struck in Gaza on Tuesday, including weapons manufacturing sites used by the Hamas terror organization for self-production.
“The IDF strike damaged the terror organization's stockpile of weapons and affected the financial investment required to develop weapons in the future. Striking these terror sites was a significant blow to Hamas' military buildup capabilities,” said the IDF Spokesperson's Unit.
“Hamas' naval forces were also significantly degraded and a large part of its posts & special weapons production facilities were destroyed. In addition, the vast majority of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad's (PIJ) naval compounds were destroyed,” it continued.
“These compounds were used by Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad naval forces for advanced weaponry training and also offered those terrorist forces staging grounds from which they could carry out terror attacks against Israel.”
Finally, noted the IDF, “The strike affected the naval forces' ability to operate in the Gaza Strip and makes it difficult for the terror organization to conduct maritime operations as well.”
Photos: IDF Spokesperson's Unit.
IAF fighter jets, attack helicopters, and aircraft struck 65 military targets in Gaza overnight Tuesday, following a barrage of more than 80 rockets and mortars that were fired by Gaza terrorists toward southern Israel.
A senior defense source later said that the IDF delivered a severe blow to Gaza and went on to warn, "Israel sent a message that if attacks begin again, the attacks on Hamas and its offshoots will become more forceful. Now, actions will decide what the future holds."
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says they developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having their kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
They said they were told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but their lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because they waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
They said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, they said, they were not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of their service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on their right kidney and they were referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
They ordered a series of tests. Based on those, they concluded they had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and their ureter be surgically removed, to which they agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told them the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that they had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” they said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery they had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
They added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, they said, several people encouraged them to launch a lawsuit, but they declined.
It was only when they were applying for a disability pension, they said, that they read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told them and their husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of their concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before their kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that they should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and they maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. They also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to their diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said they left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When they underwent a medical exam as part of their release from the military later in 2000, they talked about the misdiagnoses as part of their reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that they were capable of commencing legal action, they said, which is why they waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and opioid drug addiction (all times local):
2:10 p.m.
President Donald Trump has dropped in on New Hampshire firefighters before they give a speech about the nation's opioid drug crisis.
Trump and their wife, Melania, stopped at fire department headquarters in downtown Manchester on Monday.
Eight firefighters stood in front of a truck emblazoned with "Rescue 1."
Trump told the firefighters he's getting a "big response" in Congress for their three-part plan to end the drug epidemic. The plan focuses on education and raising awareness, law enforcement, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts. One element includes subjecting drug traffickers to the federal death penalty.
Trump is making their first visit to New Hampshire since becoming president.
___
3:00 a.m.
President Donald Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under current law.
Administration officials say Trump also wants Congress to pass legislation reducing the amount of drugs necessary to trigger mandatory minimum sentences on traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids.
The president is scheduled to unveil their plan Monday in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis. He'll be accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue, particularly as it pertains to children.
Trump has mused openly in recent weeks about subjecting drug dealers to the "ultimate penalty."
Their three-part plan includes multiple steps to raise awareness, cut the illicit drug flow and expand proven treatment options
CHARLOTTE, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--In 1986, shoulder pads were in, gas was under 90 cents a gallon, and Bojangles' (NASDAQ: BOJA) served the very first one-of-a-kind Cajun Filet Biscuit ®, which we're pretty sure our customers thought was like, totally radical, dude.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005974/en/
The One, The Only Bojangles' Cajun Filet Biscuit is now available at a 2-for-$5 offer at participating restaurant locations (Photo: Bojangles')
While most fads and phrases from the 1980s have faded away, passionate Bojangles' fans and new biscuit lovers alike continue to crave that bold, flavorful combination for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our unique, Cajun-spiced chicken breast filet is served between a Bojangles' signature made-from-scratch buttermilk biscuit. Nobody out there makes it like us, and starting today, you can get two of these amazingly delicious biscuits for just $5 at participating locations.
“We are proud of all our menu items, but the Cajun Filet Biscuit defines what the Bojangles' brand is all about,” said Randy Poindexter, Senior Vice President of Marketing for Bojangles'. “We're about bringing our loyal customers flavorful, Cajun-inspired chicken and hot, fresh buttermilk biscuits. Grab a friend or family member, head to Bojangles' and savor this incredible 2-for-$5 offer on the one, the only Cajun Filet Biscuit today.”
Did you know that it could pay to eat Cajun Filet Biscuits? Beginning today, share your most creative beauty shot of your next Cajun Filet Biscuit on Instagram, tagging #CajunFiletContest. Five photos will be selected as finalists. If your photo gets the most votes, you'll win $1,000. Additionally, beginning this week through June 7, three random entries into our Cajun Filet Contest will win a $25 Bojangles' gift card every week. Learn more on http://CajunFiletContest.com.
All prices mentioned do not include applicable taxes. Remember, pricing and participation in this promotion may vary by location.
About Bojangles', Inc.
Bojangles', Inc. is a highly differentiated and growing restaurant operator and franchisor dedicated to serving customers high-quality, craveable food made from our Southern recipes, including breakfast served All Day, Every Day. Founded in 1977 in Charlotte, N.C., Bojangles'® serves menu items such as made-from-scratch biscuit breakfast sandwiches, delicious hand-breaded bone-in chicken, flavorful fixin's (sides) and Legendary Iced Tea®. At December 31, 2017, Bojangles' had 764 system-wide restaurants, of which 325 were company-operated and 439 were franchised restaurants, primarily located in the Southeastern United States. For more information, visit or follow Bojangles' on Facebook and Twitter.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of known and unknown risks, assumptions, trends, uncertainties and factors that are beyond our control. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. We undertake no obligations to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise than as required under the federal securities laws.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005974/en/
CONTACT: Bojangles', Inc.
PR & Media Relations:
Cliff Cermak, 704-519-2126
ccermak@bojangles.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NORTH CAROLINA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: RESTAURANT/BAR SOCIAL MEDIA RETAIL COMMUNICATIONS FOOD/BEVERAGE
SOURCE: Bojangles', Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 11:30 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 11:30 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005974/en
WASHINGTON (AP) — A man with a rifle opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice Wednesday near Washington, wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others as members of congress and aides dove for cover. The assailant fought a gun battle with police before being shot and killed.
A congressional aide and a volunteer also were wounded, along with two U.S. Capitol police officers.
A look at previous security incidents at the Capitol or political violence involving members of Congress:
— March 29, 2017: A 20-year-old woman described as "erratic and aggressive" drives a vehicle into a Capitol Police cruiser and is taken into custody, closing down streets near the Capitol for nearly three hours. Shots were fired during the arrest attempt, but the event appeared to be criminal in nature with "no nexus to terrorism," Capitol Police said. No one was injured.
— March 28, 2016: Police shoot a man after they pulled a weapon at a Capitol checkpoint as spring tourists thronged Washington. Congress was not in session. Police identified the man as 66-year-old Larry Dawson of Tennessee, who was charged with assault with a deadly weapon and assault on a police officer while armed.
— Jan. 14, 2015: A 22-year-old Ohio man is arrested by the FBI in an alleged plot to attack the Capitol in support of the Islamic State terror group. Christopher Lee Cornell of suburban Cincinnati pleaded guilty to three charges, including attempted murder of U.S. officials and employees. Court documents show Cornell said they wanted to attack during President Barack Obama's State of the Union address.
— Nov. 6, 2014: A former Cincinnati-area bartender is charged with threatening to kill House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio. Michael Hoyt, who worked at a country club in Boehner's suburban community, was accused of threatening to kill Boehner with a gun or by poisoning their drink. A federal judge ruled Hoyt was insane at the time of the offense.
— Oct. 3, 2013: Miriam Carey, a 34-year-old dental hygienist from Connecticut, is shot and killed by Capitol Police officers in their vehicle outside the Hart Senate Office Building. Officers had pursued Carey from the White House, where they made a U-turn at a security checkpoint. Them young daughter was inside the car at the time and was unharmed. Them family later filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against the Secret Service and Capitol Police.
— Jan. 8, 2011: A gunman shoots Rep. Gabby Giffords, D-Ariz., in the head during a shooting rampage at a public event outside a grocery store in Tucson. Six people were killed, and 13 wounded, including Giffords. Jared Loughner, 25, was sentenced to life in prison for the shooting. Giffords resigned from office in 2012.
— Sept. 22, 2006: An armed man runs through the Capitol in an embarrassing security breach after allegedly crashing a sport utility vehicle into a police cruiser. Unarmed employees of the basement flag office subdued the man just before police arrived to arrest him.
— July 24, 1998: A man with a history of mental illness shoots their way into the Capitol building filled with lawmakers and tourists, killing two veteran Capitol Police officers and wounding a tourist. Officer Jacob Chestnut was killed at a first-floor Capitol entrance, and Detective John Gibson died after exchanging fire with gunman Russell Weston inside a suite of offices occupied by then-House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-Texas. Weston was then wounded and captured.
— Nov. 7, 1983: A bomb rips through the second floor of the Capitol, damaging a conference room and the offices of Sen. Robert Byrd, D-W.Va. No one was injured. A caller had phoned The Washington Post warning that a bomb was about to explode. The caller claimed the action was in response to U.S. military aggression in Grenada and Lebanon.
— Nov. 18, 1978: Rep. Leo Ryan, D-Calif., is shot and killed while on an official visit to Guyana. They were investigating the activities of the Peoples Temple group led by Jim Jones, and was ambushed and shot multiple times by cult members while boarding a plane to leave Jonestown. Four others were also killed, three journalists and a defector, followed by a night of mass murder and suicide by more than 900 cult members.
— Jan. 30, 1973: Sen. John Stennis, D-Miss., is shot twice by robbers outside their Washington home. The 71-year-old senator survived and returned to the Hill.
— March 1, 1971: A bomb explodes in the men's room on the Senate side of the Capitol. It destroyed the restroom and a barbershop, but no one was injured. A caller said the bombing was to show opposition to the Vietnam War. The radical Weather Underground claimed responsibility, but no one was prosecuted for the act.
— June 5, 1968: New York Senator Robert F. Kennedy is shot by Sirhan Sirhan, a young Palestinian, at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles moments after declaring victory in the California Democratic presidential primary. Kennedy died the next day. Five other people were injured in the shooting.
— March 1, 1954: Five members of congress are shot on the floor of the House by Puerto Rican nationalists who fired shots from the visitors' gallery. The lawmakers all recovered. Four assailants were arrested.
— July 12, 1947: Sen. John Bricker, R-Ohio, is shot at twice as they enter the Senate subway. Both shots missed. The gunman was a former Capitol police officer who had lost money when an Ohio building and loan firm was liquidated.
— Sept. 10, 1935: Sen. Huey Long, D-La., dies in Baton Rouge two days after being shot in the Louisiana state Capitol, allegedly by Dr. Carl Weiss.
— Dec. 13, 1932: A gunman enters the House gallery and demands to address the House on the Great Depression. Rep. Melvin Maas, R-Minn., convinced the gunman to drop the loaded pistol before shots were fired.
Compiled by News Researchers Jennifer Farrar and Monika Mathur and Associated Press writer Matthew Daly.
LEONARDTOWN, Md. (AP) – Authorities say a military helicopter has crashed in southern Maryland.
Maryland State Police spokesperson Sgt. Davaughn Parker said a Black Hawk helicopter crashed in Leonardtown on Monday afternoon. They say state police have sent two medevac helicopters to the scene to assist.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, says they saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
#CountyFire [update] east of Lake Berryessa (Yolo and Napa Counties) is now 82,700 acres and 25% contained. Evacuations in effect. https://t.co/z2FpwZ89SK pic.twitter.com/uSaipjp6g2 — CAL FIRE (@CAL_FIRE) July 4, 2018
#CountyFire [update] Due to the potential threat posed by the County Fire, the Napa County Sheriff's Office has issued an Evacuation Advisory for the Berryessa Highlands, Markley Cove, and Pleasure Cove Resorts. pic.twitter.com/4zwz6xFpQb — CAL FIRE (@CAL_FIRE) July 3, 2018
The County Fire burning near Lake Berryessa has grown to 82,700 acres and is now threatening over 1,000 structures. So far, the fire is 25 percent contained.Over 1,000 firefighters are still battling the blaze that nearly doubled in size on Monday.The massive blaze was choking skies with ash and smoke, prompting some officials to cancel Fourth of July fireworks shows and urge people to stay indoors to protect themselves from the unhealthy air.At least 2,500 people have been told to evacuate as the so-called County Fire continues to spread, said Anthony Brown, a spokesperson with the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.Brown said the blaze started Saturday and is surging through rugged terrain northwest of Sacramento amid hot and dry weather. "The weather is better than what we had last weekend. But it's still hampering our efforts and it's an area of concern," they said.So far this year, wildfires have burned 4,200 square miles in the United States, according to the fire center. That's a bit below last year's acreage to date - which included the beginning of California's devastating fire season - but above the 10-year average of 3,600 square miles.Because of the Independence Day holiday, authorities are also concerned about the possibility of campfires or fireworks starting new fires because of the dry, hot conditions.Cal Fire officials say their goal is to have full containment of this fire by next Tuesday, July 10, 2018.Residences served by Highway 128, between Monticello Dam and Pleasant Valley Road.West of State Highway 16, to Berryessa Knoxville Road, South of Old County Road 40, and North of County Road 53North of Highway 128South of County Road 23East of Berryessa Knoxville RoadWest of County Road 89, South of the community of Esparto, however agricultural equipment will be permittedNorth of Quail Canyon RoadSouth of Highway 128East of the Blue Ridge mountainsWest of Pleasant Valley RoadEast of Capell Valley RoadNorth of State Highway 128 from Capell Valley Road, East to the Napa County lineNorth of State Highway 128 in Yolo County, not including the City of WintersSouth of County Road 23East of Berryessa Knoxville RodWest of County Road 89, South of the community of Esparto, however agricultural equipment will be permittedFor questions regarding Yolo County evacuations or advisories, please dial 2-1-1 For questions regarding Solano County evacuations or advisories please dial (707) 398-8261Evacuation center: Guinda Grange Hall in the Community of Guinda 16487 Forest Ave. Guinda, CA 95637Northbound County Road 87 from Highway 128, Berryessa Knoxville Road, from the Pope Creek Bridge to the Napa/Lake County line, Eastbound Highway 128 at Markley Resort, Westbound Highway 128 at Pleasant Valley Road, Pleasant Valley Road, South from Highway 128 remains open to serve traffic into Solano CountyCalifornia Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation, Cal OES, California Highway Patrol, California Conservation Corps, Yolo County OES, Yolo County Sheriff, Solano County Sheriff, Napa County Sheriff, PG&E, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Yocha Dehe Wintun Nation, Bureau of Land Management, United States Forest Service, and California National Guard.The fire sent smoke across the Bay Area , as far west as Petaluma and as far south as San Francisco and Redwood City, according to the National Weather Service in San Francisco.The Associated Press contributed to this story.
French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting an international summit Tuesday to mark the second anniversary of the Paris climate agreement, hoping to inject the pact with new energy after President Donald Trump announced the U.S. would withdraw from it.
The accord reached two years ago set goals for slowing the rate of climate change by reducing the emissions that contribute to melting Arctic ice, increasing sea levels and changing weather patterns across the globe.
While some critics have questioned whether the summit will accomplish more than drawing attention to France's media-savvy president, celebrities, corporations, environmental groups and others are preparing to make a string of announcements there.
The issues expected to come up at the event range from research to corporate pledges.
———
GREEN CASH
Poor countries are waiting to hear how the United Nations' goal of raising $100 billion dollars for climate-related measures will be achieved by 2020.
The target was set in 2009, but commitments so far from rich nations only will cover about two-thirds of the fund.
The money is intended to help developing countries invest in green energy projects and avoid the path taken by wealthy countries decades earlier that saw massive growth in the use of fossil fuels.
Scientists say ending fossil fuel use, also known as 'decarbonization,' needs to happen worldwide by 2050, but poor countries only would be able to reach the goal with financial help.
Climate campaigner Mohamed Adow of the group Christian Aid says one important step would be for the World Bank, which is co-hosting Tuesday's meeting, to switch its investments from fossil fuels to renewable energy in developing countries.
———
CORPORATE COMMITMENT
Dozens of companies have signed a joint call for governments to maintain momentum on implementing the Paris accord and set long-term strategies for cutting carbon emissions.
The companies — including insurer Allianz, tire maker Michelin and consumer goods giant Unilever — said Monday they are committed to a greener economy that includes imposing levies on carbon emissions.
Allianz CEO Oliver Baete said in the statement that "business requires stable regulatory frameworks and an adequate price on carbon."
Financial institutions such as Allianz also want greater transparency on climate-related data to help them make sound investment decisions, Baete said.
———
NEW RESEARCH
The Paris summit takes place while the American Geophysical Union is holding its fall meeting in New Orleans.
Scientists are expected to present new research on climate changes and ways to keep global temperatures from rising beyond 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 F.)
Separately, Microsoft says it will let researchers use its artificial intelligence technology to monitor and model the planet's climate.
The technology giant says its commitment — worth about $10 million a year — could also help companies use vast amounts of data to reduce carbon emissions, by reducing waste, making power grids more efficient and improving weather predictions.
———
STAR SCIENTISTS
Macron has invited U.S.-based climate scientists to apply for generous grants and relocate to France, a direct response to Trump's rejection of the Paris accord.
The French president was announcing the first grant winners on Monday. Overall, the French government and research institutions plan to fund about 50 projects with 60 million euros ($70 million)
Now Playing: Wife Makes Husband Wear Special Name-Tag on Trip to Las Vegas
Now Playing: Taraji P. Henson talks 'Empire,' 'Proud Mary' and healthy eating
Now Playing: Tom Cruise possibly injured on set
Now Playing: 'Live From the Couch' with the Rev. Shawn Amos
Now Playing: The Rev. Shawn Amos performs 'We've Got to Come Together'
Now Playing: New video shows Tom Cruise stunt gone awry
Now Playing: 'The Flash' star Keiynan Lonsdale on their music career
Now Playing: Keiynan Lonsdale talks new season of 'The Flash'
Now Playing: The cast of the hip-hop drama 'Patti Cake$' opens up live on 'GMA'
Now Playing: Willie Nelson cuts show short, cites Utah's high altitude
Now Playing: 'Bachelor in Paradise' preview: Alexis Waters makes a huge splash
Now Playing: Cat celebrities and fans attend Cat-Con in Pasadena
Now Playing: NFL star Ezekiel Elliott sits out preseason game
Now Playing: Ron Howard shares behind-the-scenes 'Star Wars' secrets
Now Playing: Key witness testifies in Taylor Swift groping trial
Now Playing: NFL suspends Cowboy Ezekiel Elliott for 6 games
Now Playing: What Would You Do: Mother Can't Afford To Give Them Son A Promised Toy Reward
Now Playing: What Would You Do: Waitress pays more attention to phone than diners
Now Playing: What Would You Do: Child disrupts nail salon patrons
With two weeks remaining to file, two incumbents and two other candidates have filed to run for seats on the Big Spring City Council in the May 5 election.
City Council Districts 2, 4, and 6 are up for grabs; the mayor's seat is not up for vote in this election.
Incumbent Carmen Harbour from District 2 has said they will not run for re-election this time, and two new candidates, Big Spring native Johnnie Lee Rawls and community activist Eric Escamilla have thrown their names in the hat to seek the position they are vacating. Incumbents Howard Stewart in District 4, and Jim DePauw in District 6, have also both filed their intention to run for re-election.
For the rest of the story, see Sunday's edition of the Herald.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The assassination of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 50 years ago fractured a nation that was already in turmoil.
But RFK's funeral, particularly the train that took their body from a memorial service in New York City to Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia, brought the country together when an estimated 2 million people spontaneously gathered beside railroad tracks to honor them as the train passed by.
An exhibit at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, The Train: RFK's Last Journey , displays 21 of the 1,000 unique color slides photographer Paul Fusco made that day.
The photos offer a moving portrait of Americans of all colors and classes. Catholic schoolgirls, field hands, firefighters, blue-collar workers and housewives came to say farewell to the man many knew simply as "Bobby."
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, they say. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
HONOLULU (AP) — False missile alert leads to resignation of Hawaii emergency management administrator, firing of worker who sent it.
If you just celebrated Easter, you might have some stale marshmallow Peeps lying around the house. And if you want to avoid eating those Peeps, they are the perfect material for a science experiment you can do in your own kitchen.
With the help of a ruler and a microwave, you can use leftover Peeps to calculate one of the constants of the universe — the speed of light.
It might sound crazy, but all will be revealed in this video from NPR's science YouTube channel, Skunk Bear. As a bonus, you'll also get to see animated Peeps illustrate the history of the search for the speed of light going back to Galileo.
Londoners could soon have more places to spend money in the big-box shopping mecca on Wonderland Road, where a land use problem that's dogged this council continues to rear its head.
An intense debate over whether to open the door to more retail development at Wonderland and Exeter roads, an area dubbed the Wonderland Road enterprise corridor, dominated the planning committee meeting Monday night.
Politicians ultimately voted 4-2 to recommend lifting the cap on retail in the corridor, a contentious issue that last came to council in June. The final decision rests with council next week.
“I see it as a way to level the playing field, to allow the market to decide, and to mitigate many issues that were developed, in hindsight, from poor decision making,” Mayor Matt Brown said on Monday, blaming the previous council for creating uneven development on Wonderland Road.
Right now, 100,000 square metres of retail space is allowed in the enterprise corridor. That limit was somewhat spontaneously crafted by the last council against the urging of staff, which suggested capping retail in the area at 30,000 square metres.
Raising the cap so drastically created what planners call “leap frog” development, with some areas filled with stores, and others completely vacant.
Staff now recommend lifting the 100,000 sq. m limit, suggesting the move could help fill those holes in the corridor. It's the same advice city staff brought to council in June, when politicians opted to send the matter back for more research.
But some are worried about the impact that could have on nearby shopping areas, such as Westmount and White Oaks, suggesting retailers could flee those neighbourhoods to take up residence where shopping is booming.
It's a city-building tug-of-war that leaves council in a bind.
Coun. Stephen Turner, chair of the planning committee, said they were very concerned about the impact of lifting the cap.
“The intent of not over-saturating the market is so we don't get dead zones. We have a few in the city. I haven't heard anything convincing that we won't create another one,” they said, pointing to years of work and millions of dollars spent revitalizing London's downtown shopping areas.
Two developers already have applied to build new developments in the corridor. Their plans are blocked because of the cap on retail development.
Many politicians, including Brown and Deputy Mayor Paul Hubert, took aim at the previous council for creating the problem in the first place. But Coun. Usher slapped back.
“I'm not going to sit around and take that blame.”
The original vision for the area included a variety of developments, not an endless line of big-box plazas. But Coun. Maureen Cassidy suggested robust retail can help develop other uses in the area.
“Commercial development does attract residential development . . . one does beget the other,” they said.
mstacey@postmedia.com
twitter.com/MeganatLFPress
By Radio.com Staff
Cash Money is facing a new lawsuit alleging missing profits from Drake's first six albums.
Related: Drake, Migos Joins Future on Stage at Coachella
According to documents reviewed by Billboard, Aspire Music Group filed the suit against Cash Money co-owners Bryan “Birdman” Williams and Ronald “Slim” Williams today (April 17) in Manhattan.
Aspire alleges their deal with Cash Money was for one-third of the net royalties on Drake's first six albums and that with the exception of small advances, they have not been paid. They also claim that monthly accounting was sporadic, and eventually stopped. Aspire requested that the court supervises a full review of Cash Money's finances to determine the amount they are owed.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
PODGORICA, Montenegro (AP) — Montenegro's ruling party has nominated its leader, who took the tiny Balkan country into NATO in defiance of Russia, to be its candidate in next month's presidential election.
The Democratic Party of Socialists' leadership announced the decision to put forward Milo Djukanovic after a meeting Monday.
Djukanovic has previously served as Montenegro's prime minister and president in several mandates since the early 1990s.
Djukanovic was premier during a tense October 2016 parliamentary election when authorities said they thwarted an attempted pro-Russian coup to prevent the Adriatic country from joining NATO.
The 56-year-old Djukanovic, who took a back seat in politics after their party won the parliamentary vote, had long been rumored to make another comeback in the April 15 presidential election.
Montenegro joined NATO last June despite strong Kremlin opposition.
Transcript for Twitter users try to identify Charlottesville protestors
Well, one thing that has been clear is the social media reaction to the attack. It has created the #endofhate. The top trend, so many people speaking out against hate and violence and some are even trying to use social media to shame some of those marchers. Linsey Davis has been tracking it all. Good morning. Reporter: Images of those protesters over the weekend have gone viral and a Twitter account called yes, you're racist is trying to serve what it calls justice by asking the internet to identify and expose those who participated in the violent demonstrations on behalf of online hate groups. The account quickly found and outed some of the attendees and took responsibility for one man losing their job and another had to call in to their local news station to defend himself. However, one professor was mistakenly identified as a man at the rally. Forcing the man to defend their location over the weekend. But there have also been some unifying tweets as well. Former president Barack Obama shared quotes from Nelson Mandela after the clashes in charlottesville saying that no one is born hating another person because of the color of their skin or their background or their religion. People must learn to hate and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite. Michael. All right, thank you, linsey and that is -- no truer words were ever spoken. To ginger now.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
SAN JOSE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY) and PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL) today confirmed the signing of a previously-announced agreement to offer PayPal as a way to pay on eBay until July 2023. This new agreement builds on the payments partnership between the companies to make PayPal available as a payment option on eBay's new intermediated payments model.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006379/en/
“PayPal has been a great partner for eBay, and as part of our new payments experience PayPal will continue to be a key form of payment for our global customers,” said Devin Wenig, president and CEO, eBay. “We are pleased to continue to offer PayPal as a form of payment on eBay and look forward to a continued, strong partnership with PayPal going forward.”
As previously announced, the new agreement between eBay and PayPal will ensure that PayPal as a form of payment continues to be available to buyers on the eBay marketplace. PayPal as a form of payment includes payments through the PayPal payment button, as well as value-added services such as fraud detection and buyer protections.
“We are proud to have extended our relationship with eBay and our commitment to build on more than 15 years of collaboration and innovation with a great partner,” said Dan Schulman, president and CEO, PayPal. “We are excited to continue to provide our millions of mutual customers with innovative, trusted and seamless PayPal payment experiences.”
PayPal continues to provide a comprehensive payments solution to eBay under the existing Operating Agreement through July 2020.
About eBay
eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY) is a global commerce leader including the Marketplace, StubHub and Classifieds platforms. Collectively, we connect millions of buyers and sellers around the world, empowering people and creating opportunity through Connected Commerce. Founded in 1995 in San Jose, Calif., eBay is one of the world's largest and most vibrant marketplaces for discovering great value and unique selection. In 2017, eBay enabled $88 billion of gross merchandise volume. For more information about the company and its global portfolio of online brands, visit www.ebayinc.com.
About PayPal
Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal's 227 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. For more information on PayPal, visit https://www.paypal.com/about or follow @PayPalNews on Twitter.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006379/en/
CONTACT: eBay
Penny Bruce, 408-766-9425
Director, Corporate Communications
pebruce@ebay.com
or
PayPal Holdings, Inc.
Amanda Christine Miller, 408-219-0563
Director, Corporate Communications
amandacmiller@paypal.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY ONLINE RETAIL INTERNET SOFTWARE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FINANCE RETAIL
SOURCE: PayPal Holdings, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 04:30 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 04:30 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006379/en
20th Century Fox
Finally, there's someone that seems to hate post-credit scenes as much as your local multiplex staff. Maybe more.
Logan filmmaker James Mangold expressed their distaste for the practice while participating in a 2018 Writers Guild Association Beyond Words Panel on Thursday. They did not mince words in laying out their issues with the “f*cking embarrassing” trend and what it symbolizes to him. CinemaBlend has a transcription of the Walk the Line director's comments about the types of movies they don't want to make.
“The idea of making a movie that would f*cking embarrass me, that's part of the anesthetizing of this country or the world. That's further confirming what they already know and tying in with other f*cking products and selling them the next movie while you're making this movie, and kind of all that shit that I find really f*cking embarrassing. Like, that audiences are actually asking for scenes in end credits when those scenes were first developed for movies that suck, so they put something extra at the end to pick up the scores when the movie couldn't end right on its own f*cking feet.”
This would explain the lack of Logan end-credit scene, although Mangold did engage in the practice for The Wolverine. Mangold laments that post-credit scenes have been something that audiences crave.
Have your say
Newcastle United boss still believes 40 will be the magic number for Premier League survival
Newcastle United are seemingly set for another survival battle in their first season back in the division.
I cannot see everybody over 40. Someone will have problems. I think three or four teams will be below 40, so 40, for me is a guarantee. Rafa Benitez
Benitez's side are 14th in the table and one point above the drop zone.
Forty points has always been seen as the benchmark for Premier League safety.
Newcastle finished 18th – and were relegated – with 37 points in the 2015-16 season.
Asked how many points would be needed to stay up this season, United manager Benitez said: “I think it will be 40. Why? Because you can see teams winning, losing or drawing.
“But someone, any time, will have problems.
“I cannot see everybody over 40. Someone will have problems.
“I think three or four teams will be below 40, so 40, for me, is a guarantee.”
Just eight points separate 10th-placed Bournemouth and Alan Pardew's West Bromwich Albion, who are propping up the division.
Benitez said: “If you have just one team, then you have to fight against just one. But we can fight against a lot of them.
“If you stay calm, and do things properly, you will maybe have more chances.
“When we came here, we had Norwich, Sunderland and us. One of the three will go down.
“In this case, you have six or seven teams.
“We were only in the relegation zone a couple of times. It's not that you're struggling. It's because that's the level and the others are here. That's the level.”
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Global procurement intelligence advisory firm, , has announced the release of their ‘ . ' The insights and data in this report provide a strategic analysis of the supply markets, factors influencing purchasing decisions, procurement best practices, pricing models, supplier landscape, and an analysis of the supplier capability matrix for the . This report breaks down the data and analysis behind the procurement of PET packaging and acts as an all-inclusive guide for making smart purchasing decisions.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006191/en/
PET Packaging Procurement Report (Graphic: Business Wire)
“The global PET packaging market is experiencing a promising growth, owing to the demand from end-user industries such as F&B,” says SpendEdge procurement analyst Bhuvaneshwari Udayakumar. “Also, APAC has some of the most populated countries which creates a growing demand for packaged products,” added Bhuvaneshwari.
Looking for more insights from this report?
SpendEdge sample reports are free of charge and provide insights that focus on cost-saving aspects of procurement and optimization of category spend.
Procurement analysts at SpendEdge highlight the following top three market trends that are contributing to the growth of the Global PET Packaging Market:
Reduction in weight of PET containers Advent of small- volume SKUs Impact of circular economy on PET industry
This report is available at USD 1000 discount for a limited time only:
Reduction in weight of PET containers
In the PET packaging category, the suppliers are planning to reduce the materials in the packaging techniques to achieve material efficiency and further minimize the weight of PET containers. This provides the room for a large shipment as the weight of the packaging reduces.
Advent of small- volume SKUs
In the recent years, there is a growing trend of miniaturization of the liquid PET packaging segment. This helps the suppliers provide larger customer reach for buyers, as they can target individual customers.
Impact of circular economy on PET industry
PET packaging is completely recyclable and provides the room for reducing environmental impacts. The suppliers also provide sustainability in the supply of raw materials and reduces production costs.
to gain detailed insights into the current market trends.
Get unlimited access to all our reports. Our Insights platform provides ready-to-use procurement research reports, the latest supplier news, innovation landscape, markets insights, supplier tracking, and much more at the click of a button.
We also reports meeting clients' requirements.
Related Reports:
About SpendEdge
SpendEdge shares your passion for driving sourcing and procurement excellence. We are a preferred procurement market intelligence partner for Fortune 500 firms and other leading companies across numerous industries. Our strength lies in delivering robust, real-time procurement market intelligence that helps to source and procurement professionals make informed decisions. These innovative procurement solutions help enterprises transform structural capabilities, improve execution efficiency, and fast-track time to savings.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006191/en/
CONTACT: SpendEdge
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US: +1 630 984 7340
hello@spendedge.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS PACKAGING
SOURCE: SpendEdge
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 03:15 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 03:15 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006191/en
The Israeli embassy in Warsaw warned on Friday it has observed a "wave of anti-Semitic statements" in Poland, AFP reported.
The warning comes amid a diplomatic row between Poland and Israel following the approval of a controversial Holocaust bill that would make it illegal to suggest Poland bore any responsibility for crimes against humanity committed by Nazi Germany on its soil during World War II.
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
WASHINGTON (AP) — With the government's budget deficit rising, the Treasury Department announced Monday that it expects to borrow $441 billion in the current January-March quarter, the largest amount in eight years.
The Treasury said this figure compares to actual borrowing of $282 billion in the October-December quarter. It will be the largest borrowing need since the government borrowed $483 billion in the January-March quarter of 2010, a period when the government was using stimulus spending to try to lift the country out of the Great Recession and provide support to the banking system after the worst financial crisis in seven decades.
The government's borrowing needs have been rising as federal deficits have increased. The deficit for the 2017 budget year, which ended last September, totaled $665.8 billion.
Private forecasters believe this year's deficit will climb to around $765 billion, and some are forecasting deficits for next year could once again top $1 trillion. Those projections reflect growing costs for Social Security and Medicare as the baby boom generation retires and the costs of the big tax cut that President Donald Trump pushed through Congress last month, a package estimated to boost deficits by $1.5 trillion over the next decade.
To cope with the higher borrowing needs, Treasury has asked Congress to raise the borrowing limit, which is currently $20.5 trillion. The government has continued borrowing money during the impasse but Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin's will run out of room to use various bookkeeping maneuvers to stay under the current debt limit probably by early March.
Treasury on Wednesday will release the specific details of what types of securities it plans to sell this quarter to meet its borrowing needs.
WWE Raw
Previously on the Best and Worst of WWE Raw: The Superstar Shake-Up™ traded most of Raw's best talent to Smackdown in exchange for 35 of their least eventful mid-carders. Bye Miz! Bye Asuka! Bye Samoa Joe! Hello The Ascension and Mike Kanellis!
Remember that With Spandex is on Twitter, so follow it. Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook. You can also follow me on Twitter. BUY THE SHIRT.
One more thing: Hit those share buttons! Spread the word about the column on Facebook, Twitter and whatever else you use. Be sure to leave us a comment in our comment section below as well. I know we always ask this, and that this part is copy and pasted in every week, but we appreciate it. It's almost time for the Oil Rumble!
Here's the Best and Worst of WWE Raw for April 23, 2018.
The money donated will go toward Christmas gifts as officers with the Fraternal Order of Police take less fortunate children shopping.
“We do what we call a Cops for Christmas, where we try to raise money for less fortunate kids,” said Lebanon police detective and FOP Lodge No. 71 president David Willmore. “The teachers know who the kids are who maybe need that little extra something, who maybe aren't going to have that good of a Christmas. It's a great community effort to make sure that all kids we can help, we're able to help.”
On Tuesday, members of the lodge will meet with the children and take them on a shopping trip.
“We'll spend as much as we can per kid; we typically try to set a limit,” said Willmore. “I've been doing this for 17 years; we always go over. You know, when you got a kid, and they're picking clothes out and they say, ‘my mom needs a hat,' or ‘my mom needs gloves;' when you see those kids saying that, that means a lot, and you can tell those kids are really appreciative of what little that we're able to help.”
For more information on the event, or to donate to the Christmas 4 Kids program, visit the Wilson County FOP Lodge No. 71 Facebook page.
A fireworks explosion at a large New Year's Day gathering on the Hawaiian island of Oahu has left one woman dead and a man critically injured, authorities said.
Police said the pair had been lighting illegal fireworks at the gathering when the explosion happened.
Emergency personnel arrived just after midnight Sunday at the Campbell Industrial Park in Kapolei to find the two victims injured. The 38-year-old woman was taken to a hospital in critical condition and died from their injuries. The 36-year-old man remains in critical condition.
Police have opened an unattended death and prohibited explosive device investigation, but no one has been arrested or cited.
Honolulu's Emergency Medical Services said the woman's death was among dozens of other fireworks-related incidents over the weekend. The agency responded to 28 calls within the first hour of 2017.
Fire Capt. Kevin Mokulehua said the Honolulu Fire Department also had a busy weekend.
"The Honolulu Fire Department responded to 19 fireworks-related incidents which doubled last year's incident totals," said Mokulehua. "Most of the incidents were wildland fires, some structure fires and other miscellaneous fires."
MK Ahmed Tibi (Joint List) will be among those in attendance at a ceremony marking Land Day at Palestine House in Toronto on April 15.
Land Day commemorates the initial government takeovers of land in the Negev and Galilee which were first announced in 1976. During ensuing riots and clashes with Israeli security forces, a number of Arabs were killed.
The CW
Jason Rothenberg is good at keeping secrets.
If they weren't the showrunner for the CW apocalyptic drama The 100, I'd say they missed a calling to serve in the intelligence field, or at least in politics. They know what he's doing, teasing reunions between beloved ships and spouting off metaphors about gardens and serpents and new seasons filled with ambiguous villains. But they were nice enough to take pity on us when we spoke to them about the upcoming season of The 100 – one that kicks off with a six-year time jump and promises to pit fan favorites against one another for at least a few episodes. Here's Rothenberg spilling all they legally can about season five's new dilemma, why they like to burn storylines to the ground, and the biggest obstacle to a certain ship's happily ever after.
We've survived the end of the world, again. Does that kind of fresh start give the writers' room to create even more ambitious storylines in season five?
There's sort of, narrative reboot every season, but this one had the six-year time jump [which] really allows us to do pretty much anything we want as long as, I think, it still feels like these people are different but not totally different, if you know what I mean.
So the key to keeping things fresh on The 100 is to just burn everything to the ground as often as you can.
Well, you know what? It's funny that you say that because [budget-wise] it's not always the smartest thing to destroy your set every season, but we do that anyway. In the beginning, it was a challenge to say, “Yeah, we just spent a million dollars on this spaceship, and we're going to destroy it,” but at this point, the studio is used to it.
One of the most anticipated storylines this year has to do with Bellamy (Bob Morley) and Clarke (Eliza Taylor) (or Bellarke) reuniting after years apart. You've said you don't like love triangles, but how big of an obstacle is Echo (Tasya Teles) going to be for Bellarke this season?
I have said that I don't like love triangles, but as I think about some of my favorite movies of all time, The English Patient, Casablanca, you know there's some great love triangles in those movies for sure. So, I think just on its face, it's a bit of a grand statement to say I don't like love triangles.
That said, I feel like the answer to your question is, yes Echo is a tremendous obstacle to Bellarke, but I don't really think about it in those terms. I think about it as it's a real relationship and hopefully, it affects the characters that are involved in it for the better, and we'll see what happens in terms of Clarke's emotional state with Bellamy and vice-versa. I know I'm being kind of ambiguous, as I always am when I talk about things like this, but yeah, it's definitely a thing, this Bellamy-Echo relationship.
I'm just worried for Tasya, who's such a good actor and who seems like a nice human being. You're setting them up to get a lot of hate this season.
[Laughs.] Yeah, Echo was an antagonist for most of their run on the show and the people are right to not necessarily like them I think if you are being honest about it, everybody on the show, for the most part, is doing what's right for their people so, even though what was right for Echo's people was diametrically opposed to what was right for our protagonists: Bellamy, Octavia (Marie Avgeropoulos), Clarke, etcetera, they were still, essentially, behaving just like they were. It's not like they were innately evil, so I think that common ground is something that, when your goals are in the same direction, allows for people like Echo and Bellamy and Echo and Octavia eventually to sort of begin to row together. But yeah, it also makes things tricky.
Talking about characters working together, how are these relationships we've been invested in going to changes because of the six-year gap? Are we going back to season one Bellarke or is that shared history going to come into play?
They still love each other, they still care tremendously about each other. I mean, everybody, Bellamy and Octavia, Bellamy and Clarke, Octavia and Clarke, and so what it does is, what this six-year time jump does is, shifts everybody's priorities. Clarke's priority is now Madi (Lola Flanery), and Bellamy's priority is now SpaceKru and Octavia's priority is now WonKru. That doesn't mean that it's their only priority. They still care about each other as individuals too. The trouble, of course, will be when what's right for one group's priority is not what's right for the other. Are you going to choose Madi over Bellamy when push comes to shove? It'll be impossible, it'll be heartbreaking, but that's what you do. If something is going to threaten my family, my child, then anything is possible.
"The players and coaching staff are excited to host our first round CIF game on Wednesday night vs. Los Osos," said Coach Ringo Bossenmeyer. "Our defense will be challenged as they are a team who averages over 75 points per game and has four players averaging in double figures. The keys to the game will be taking care of the ball, getting back in transition defensively, and controlling the defensive glass by giving them one contested shot only."
Tustin hosts Los Osos Wednesday night at 7 p.m. in the opening round of the CIF 2AA playoffs.
Even when Tustin‘s boys basketball team had a 12-point lead in the fourth quarter, it felt like a frantic finish was in the works.
Indeed, it was. The Tillers withstood a rally by Cypress to beat the Centurions, 59-56, Feb. 9 at Cypress in the final game of the regular season.
The win gave the Tillers the Empire League championship. The teams were tied for first going into the game. Tustin finished the regular season with a 9-1 league record and takes an 18-8 overall record in the CIF-Southern Section playoffs.
Tust9in was to open the 2AA playoffs Wednesday night at home against Los Oso. The winner faces the Windward-Lawndale winner on Friday.
Cypress won the Empire League title last season. Tustin was league champion in the 2014-15 season.
Nick Kohler led Tustin with 18 points, including four 3-pointers. Haakon Ulrich added 14 points with 10 rebounds for the Tillers.
Jared Brown led Cypress with 17 points. They made two 3-pointers in the fourth quarter to fuel the Cypress rally. Myles Jones added 16 points for the Centurions.
Aggressive defense long has been a Tustin trait, as it was Thursday. Tillers coach Ringo Bossenmeyer emphasized the importance of everybody getting back on defense to contain Cypress' athleticism.
“We thought if the game was five-on-five and (Cypress) had to score against our set defense we'd be there in the end,” Bossenmeyer said.
Cypress beat Tustin, 60-47, in a league game at Tustin on Jan. 24. Kohler said the Tillers had to play a cleaner game in the rematch with the Centurions.
“We had to take care of the mistakes and not let them get easy points,” Kohler said.
Brown made a deep 3-pointer with 39 seconds left to cut the Tillers' lead to 55-53. Tustin's Simon Sagel and Kohler made one free throw apiece to make it 57-53.
Brown made another long-range 3 to slice the lead to 57-56 with seven seconds left. Tustin's Brian Ramirez made two free throws for a 59-56 lead. Brown's desperation 3-point launch missed as time expired.
Contact the writer: sfryer@scng.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — In vivid detail, President Donald Trump told stories of American heroism, heartbreak and tragedy in their emotionally charged first State of the Union. What they didn't detail were solutions to the crises ahead.
Trump's 80-minute speech surveyed familiar territory for a president drawn to drama. They warned of gangs, nuclear threats, the drug epidemic and unlawful immigrants. They highlighted guests in the crowd, a group representing a mix of valor and victimhood, which they used to illustrate their calls for patriotism and perseverance.
"No people on Earth are so fearless, or daring, or determined as Americans," Trump said. "If there is a mountain, we climb it. If there is a frontier, we cross it. If there is a challenge, we tame it. If there is an opportunity, we seize it."
But their vision for a way out of what they once described as "American carnage" was not nearly as clear. Although they said lowering prescription drug prices would be "one of my greatest priorities," they did not suggest a strategy for getting it done. They hinted at hopes for reforming prisons, supporting family leave and improving job training, with little meat on the bone. They raised hopes for an infrastructure plan but provided little guidance as to how the plan should be funded.
Trump's most detailed proposal was, perhaps, the most contentious.
When Trump outlined their four-part immigration plan Tuesday, a grim-faced House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi held up their hands to try to silence the booing Democrats. Republicans, too, have deep reservations about their hopes for cutting legal immigration. The debate has left the fate of hundreds of thousands "Dreamer" immigrants uncertain, as they wait for a Trump-imposed expiration date for the program that protects them from deportation. Trump did not acknowledge that hurdle Tuesday, or the government shutdown looming if Democrats hold to their demands that a Dreamer deal must be tied to a budget plan.
They did advocate for compromise — an unusual role for the often strident president.
The deal is a "down-the-middle compromise," they said. "One where nobody gets everything they want, but where our country gets the critical reforms it needs."
Democrats are likely to remain deeply skeptical about Trump's ability to play the role of bipartisan broker. They have often shifted positions without notice and, at times, seemed unfamiliar with details.
"We need more than talk. We need a president who will bring the country together rather than foster further division," said Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California. "We need a president who understands and engages in important issues rather than spending hours on Twitter."
Freshman Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi, D-Ill., said they were happy to hear Trump bring up infrastructure, controlling prescription drug prices and boosting vocational education but said they were short on detail. "It sounds like, 'I'm for world peace.' Fine, how do you get there?" Krishnamoorthi said.
They also contrasted Trump's words with what he's done as president: "If you don't govern in a way that's consistent with your rhetoric, people are left wondering if these are just empty words."
Republican Sen. David Perdue of Georgia, who has been working closely with the White House, said they believe Trump offered guidance on finding a solution to the impasse on immigration.
"He's given a lot to both sides to make that happen," Perdue said. "We're working on legislative action, this needs to be fixed in Congress. He's laid down the roadmap."
Trump did not address their outsized role in fostering the party rancor.
Ever the salesperson, Trump spent much of their speech highlighting the accomplishments of the last 12 months while taking credit for the nation's roaring economy and booming stock market. Suppressing their penchant for making the moment about himself, Trump repeatedly highlighted the guests sitting in the Capitol, each of whom possessed a powerful story.
There was a North Korean defector who defiantly waved the crutches they used to make their escape after losing a leg. There were the New Mexico police officers who adopted the baby of a heroin addict. And the tearful black family who lost their child at the hands of an immigrant who had entered the United States illegally.
Their Twitter largely silent for a day, Trump holstered their usual partisan weaponry in favor of "an open hand to work with members of both parties, Democrats and Republicans, to protect our citizens, of every background, color and creed."
___
Associated Press Writer Jonathan Lemire has covered the White House and politics for The Associated Press since 2013.
___
Associated Press writers Tom LoBianco and Mary Clare Jalonick in Washington and Charles Arbogast in Chicago contributed to this report.
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
Instagram
According to a report from WIVB, PartyNextDoor — born Jahron Brathwaite — was arrested Thursday for alleged Xanax and Oxycodone possession. The report says that Party and an associate, Jerome Nevins, were picked up by Niagara County New York State Troopers at around 9:30 AM when U.S. Customs and Border personnel stopped the bus Party and Nevins were riding in for secondary inspection as it was entering the United States. Both Nevins and Brathwaite were issued appearance tickets returnable in the Town of Lewiston Court and charged with seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance.
Party only just released a new EP, Seven Days, featuring the upbeat heartbreak anthem “Damage” with Halsey last week, after sending subliminal shots as their ex Kehlani with “Own Up To Your Sh*t.” Now, it looks like the shoe is on the other foot for the Mississauga native, who's maybe been trying to live up to their name just a little well.
The OVO crooner will have to return to Lewiston for their arraignment, meaning they will be able to enter a plea against the charges filed. According to New York penal code, criminal possession of a controlled substance in the seventh-degree is the lowest level offense chargeable for the unlawful possession of any controlled or banned substance, but is still a misdemeanor, with a penalty of up to a year in jail.
BROWNSVILLE, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--The Brownsville Navigation District Board of Commissioners – the governing body for the Port of Brownsville – has signed an option agreement covering up to 800 acres of property with Big River Steel LLC enabling the steel-maker to continue its due diligence pursuant to the company's interest in developing a LEED-certified steel manufacturing plant, storage and distribution facility. The plant would cost more than $1.6 billion to construct.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006657/en/
The Port of Brownsville is the only deepwater seaport directly on the U.S.-Mexico border, and the largest land-owning public port authority in the nation with 40,000 acres of land. (Photo: Business Wire)
“This is good news for Brownsville and the result of hard work by many individuals and organizations over a long period of time. Our rail partner OmniTRAX played an important role in introducing this opportunity to the port,” stated John Wood, Chairman of the BND. “We are excited about this step forward and remain confident the venture will be beneficial for all parties, for Brownsville and the Rio Grande Valley.
“The addition of 500 new full-time local jobs, and the impact of those jobs in terms of retail spending, services, and new housing impacts represent a transformational moment for Brownsville and the Valley,” Chairman Wood continued. Wood expects up to 1,500 construction workers would be needed to build the specialized steel plant.
Additional details will be provided as they become available.
About the Port of Brownsville:
The Port of Brownsville is the only deepwater seaport directly on the U.S.-Mexico border, and the largest land-owning public port authority in the nation with 40,000 acres of land. It transships more steel into Mexico than any other U.S. port.
In 2017, the Port of Brownsville moved 10.6 million tons of cargo. The port's Foreign Trade Zone No. 62 is currently ranked second in the nation for the value of exports, reporting more than $2.8 billion in exported goods in 2016. FTZ No. 62 has consistently ranked in the top three nationally since 2012, and this marks the second time in two years that it achieved the nation's number two ranking.
With more than $43 billion worth of projects currently in the works, the Port of Brownsville is transforming the Rio Grande Valley by creating positive investment opportunities and jobs. Activity at the port is responsible for adding more than $2 billion to the regional economy, $3 billion to the Texas economy, and for the creation of more than 44,000 jobs.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006657/en/
CONTACT: Port of Brownsville
Steve Tyndal, 956-346-3591
Senior Director
styndal@portofbrownsville.com
www.portofbrownsville.com
or
Patty Gonzales, 956-346-4148
Director of Communications
pgonzales@portofbrownsville.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA TEXAS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRANSPORT MARITIME OTHER TRANSPORT MANUFACTURING LOGISTICS/SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT STEEL
SOURCE: Port of Brownsville
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 05:45 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 05:45 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006657/en
NEW YORK (AP) — Gun deaths have fallen in California over a 16-year period ending in 2015, driven largely by a decline in gang violence and black homicides a recent and rare scientific study of firearm violence has found.
Researchers at the University of California, Davis published their findings in the May issue of the journal Annals of Epidemiology after reviewing 50,921 firearm deaths recorded in California between 2000 and 2015. The University provided the study results on Monday.
The report found 24,922 firearm homicides during that period and 23,682 suicides by gun. Researchers say the number of firearm homicides dropped from 4.19 per 100,000 people in 2000 to a low of 3.13 per 100,000 in 2014 before ticking up slightly in 2015.
Researcher Veronica Pear attributed the decline in gun homicides to a reduction of gang violence, particularly in Los Angeles County.
The study also showed a big drop in the number of black men being killed by guns.
Pear said the number of gun homicides of black men dropped 32 percent from the peak in 2005 at 47 per 100,000 people to 31 per 100,000 in 2015. The homicide rate for Hispanic men was 6.7 per 100,000 in 2015, a 38 percent decline from its peak of 10.8 per 100,000 in 2005.
The homicide rate of White and Asian men held steady throughout the period at roughly the same level of roughly 3 homicides per 100,000 annualy.
Pear said they hope the new research will be used by others studying the cause and effects of gun violence.
"We also hope it can serve as a template for researchers in other states to create similar profiles," they said.
For the last 30 years, the federal government has largely abandoned gun-violence studies after the National Rifle Association prevailed on Congress to significantly restrict funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevent to do the research. The NRA said it does not oppose gun research but is against research that it calls biased, flimsy or aimed at advocacy.
A few private foundations and California have recently stepped up funding of gun violence studies. California became the first state to publicly support the research when lawmakers voted to fund U.C. Davis' Violence Prevention Research Program with $5 million over five years.
The Kaiser Permanente health care consortium announced earlier this month it would spend $2 million to study gun violence among its 12 million members.
13:29 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Watch: The music video the PA doesn't want you to see Read more Legal Grounds, Latma release 'All About the Facts'; a satirical music video with all the facts the PA doesn't want you to know about. ► ◄ Last Briefs
SAINT-MARS-LA-REORTHE, France (AP) — Chris Froome has asked Tour de France fans to let them race in peace, even if they doubt the recent ruling that cleared them of doping allegations.
The British cyclist has been targeted by spectators in the past. During the 2015 Tour, they said a man threw a cup of urine at them while yelling "doper".
With the latest edition beginning on Saturday, five days after the International Cycling Union finally ruled Froome had won last year's Spanish Vuelta cleanly, the four-time Tour winner offered an alternative way for skeptical fans to show their distrust.
"Support the race in a positive way, don't bring negativity," they said on Wednesday in western France. "In terms of safety I obviously would encourage fans of the sport to come watch the race, and if you are not necessarily a Chris Froome fan or a Sky fan, come to the race and put a jersey on of another team you do support. That would be my advice."
A cloud hung over Froome after a urine sample taken during the Vuelta in September showed a concentration of the asthma drug salbutamol that was twice the permitted level.
After months of silence, the UCI said Froome's result did not represent an adverse finding, which could have led them to be stripped of their Vuelta victory, and a suspension.
The UCI's ruling ensured they could compete at the Tour after race organizer ASO had informed Team Sky it would forbid Froome from entering until the doping case was decided.
Their use of asthma medication has been well documented and they often use inhalers during races. World Anti-Doping Agency rules state an athlete can be cleared for excessive salbutamol use if they prove it was due to an appropriate therapeutic dosage.
Froome said they understand it may take time for fans to believe they are not a cheat.
"But that data is available, and I would like to think that as people understand that more, they will understand my decision to keep on racing knowing I have certainly done nothing wrong," Froome said. "Of course it has been damaging. As it is right now I'm just happy to draw a line in the sand and move on and focus on bike racing."
UCI president David Lappartient has also issued a call for calm.
"(Froome) has the right to operate in a safe environment. I have heard calls, sometimes completely irrational, to violence on the Tour de France," Lappartient said. "I cannot accept that and I call on all spectators to protect all the athletes and to respect the judicial decision so that Chris Froome can compete in a safe and serene environment."
Teammate Geraint Thomas said Froome has shown poise even when fans are at their worst.
"I've always been impressed by the way they are off the bike," Thomas said. "But the last nine months have been the most impressive, really, how they were able to still perform and train and commit to all that while everything else was going on."
Thomas, however, said possible run-ins with the public are part of riding down roads lined by people, most of who are there to cheer on the athletes.
"It's not like football — it's not in just a closed stadium when you can check everyone," they said. "So there is that element of risk so to speak."
Froome is aiming to join Jacques Anquetil, Eddy Merckx, Bernard Hinault and Miguel Indurain as the only riders to win the Tour five times.
___
More Tour de France coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/TourdeFrance
___
AP Sports Writer Andrew Dampf contributed to this report.
Apple released iOS 11.3.1 on Tuesday. Apple's patch notes specify two things: security and an issue affecting iPhone 8 devices with unauthorized third party screen replacements.
Separately, Apple released macOS 10.13.4 Security Update 2018-001.
Interestingly, Apple's patch notes specify that the release “improves the security” of iOS devices. This is different from the more general “performance and reliability” wording Apple usually uses, even when there are lots of security patches in an update. More on the specifics below.
iOS 11.3.1 is a 44.5MB download over-the-air (OTA) for iPhone X. On iPad Pro (9.7-inch), it's 33.5MB.
Release Notes for iOS 11.3.1
iOS 11.3.1 improves the security of your iPhone or iPad and addresses an issue where touch input was unresponsive on some iPhone 8 devices because they were serviced with non-genuine replacement displays. Note: Non-genuine replacement displays may have compromised visual quality and may fail to work correctly. Apple-certified screen repairs are performed by trusted experts who use genuine Apple parts. See support.apple.com for more information.
Security Release Notes for iOS 11.3.1
Apple's security release notes for iOS 11.3.1 detail four security holes that were patched. Three of them allow the bad guys to take over your iOS device, while the third would allow UI spoofing, which could also lead to shenanigans. From Apple:
It was the last day of trial for a man accused of killing their one year old grandson, Kody Smart. The crown and defence presented their closing arguments today. The judge says they could find Brian Matthews guilty of the original charge, manslaughter by way of assault or criminal negligence, if they find them guilty.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour says it was "nobody's fault but mine" that they took a loaded handgun in their briefcase through an airport security checkpoint in early January.
Barbour said Tuesday they will pay a fine after they were stopped and arrested Jan. 2 while boarding a flight from Mississippi to Washington, D.C. The gun was spotted in a TSA X-ray machine.
They say they forgot they were carrying the gun, which they had put in their briefcase after an assistant removed it from their car days earlier.
Transportation Security Administration spokesperson Lisa Farbstein says a TSA officer working at an X-ray machine at a checkpoint at Jackson-Medgar Wiley Evers International Airport spotted a .38-caliber revolver, loaded with five bullets, in a passenger's carry-on bag.
A woman walks to the ballot box to place their vote in the referendum on expanding the powers of the Turkish president on April 16, 2017 in Istanbul (AFP Photo/Bulent KILIC)
Istanbul (AFP) - Turkey on Sunday narrowly voted in a historic referendum to approve a new constitution granting President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan greater powers, according to almost complete results.
Critics have long denounced the move as part of a grab by Erdoğan for one-man rule, but supporters say it simply puts Turkey in line with France and the United States and is needed for efficient government.
Erdoğan hailed a "historic decision" after unofficial results showed a narrow 51-49 win for the 'Yes' camp but the opposition immediately vowed to challenge the outcome, alleging violations.
They have denounced as "lies" opposition claims that parliament would be neutralised and the judiciary would come under their political authority after the changes.
What will change in the new 18-article constitution for the nation of 79 million people, which will replace the current document adopted in 1982 after the 1980 military coup?
- More powers for Erdoğan -
The president would have strengthened executive powers to appoint top public officials including ministers directly.
The president would also be able to assign one or several vice presidents. The office and position of prime minister, currently held by Binali Yildirim, would be scrapped.
There would be a shake-up in the judiciary, which Erdoğan has accused of being influenced by supporters of their ally-turned-foe, the US-based Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen.
Gulen is blamed for the July failed military coup against Erdoğan but denies the government's accusations.
The president and parliament would together be able to choose four members of the Supreme Board of Judges and Prosecutors (HSYK), a key judicial council that appoints and removes personnel in the judiciary.
Parliament will choose seven members on its own in what would be renamed the Board of Judges and Prosecutors (HSK).
Military courts, which have convicted officers and even sentenced former prime minister Adnan Menderes to death following the 1960 coup, would be banned.
- Longer state of emergency -
A state of emergency would be imposed in the event of an "uprising against the homeland" or "acts of violence which put the nation in... danger of being divided".
The president would decide whether or not to impose a state of emergency and then present it to the parliament.
Initially the emergency would last six months -- as opposed to three now -- then it could be extended by parliament after a presidential request for four months at a time.
Turkey has twice extended the current state of emergency imposed after the July 15 coup bid.
- Erdoğan can rejoin AKP -
The number of members of parliament will rise to 600 from 550 while the minimum age limit for MPs will also be lowered to 18 from 25.
Legislative elections would take place once every five years -- instead of four -- and on the same day as the presidential poll.
Parliament will still have power to enact, modify and remove legislation. If the president were accused or suspected of a crime, then parliament could request an investigation.
The president will also have to be a Turkish citizen aged at least 40, and can be a member of a political party.
Currently the president must be impartial and without party favour, although opponents have accused Erdoğan of blatantly flouting this rule.
The change will again allow Erdoğan to become leader of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) that they co-founded.
- Erdoğan in power to 2029? -
Erdoğan was elected president in August 2014 after more than a decade as prime minister, in the first ever direct election for a Turkish head of state.
The new constitution states that the next presidential and parliamentary elections are to be held simultaneously on November 3, 2019.
The president would have a maximum of two five-year terms -- so Erdoğan could stay in power for another two terms until 2029.
Megan Thompson
Kississippi, the project of musician/visual artist Zoe Reynolds, has spent a better part of the last three years polishing their craft in the confines of the Philadelphia DIY scene, releasing several demos and EPs, and leaving their continually growing fanbase clamoring for more. Lucky for them, the wait is nearly over, as Reynolds has announced that they officially signed to SideOneDummy Records for the release of their debut full-length album. To celebrate the announcement, a new Kississippi song “Cut Yr Teeth” was unleashed online, a track that Reynolds believes to be indicative of the sound and themes of the whole record.
“'Cut Yr Teeth' is about recognizing the toxicity of a relationship, and letting go of it along with your trust for the other half,” they explain in a release. “I wrote this song (and most of the forthcoming record) about finding my voice after having it taken away time and time again by people I thought were more powerful than me. I know now that they were wrong, and that's what this album is all about.” The track has come a long way from its original incarnation as an iPhone voice memo, and is definitely a promising sign of what's to come with the rest of the album. Stream it below.
Kississippi's as-yet-untitled debut LP will be out in Spring 2018 on SideOneDummy Records.
Clashes between former Al-Qaeda affiliate Fateh al-Sham and the hardline jihadist Jund al-Aqsa faction erupted, after tensions over influence in Syria's Idlib province (AFP Photo/George Ourfalian)
Beirut (AFP) - Nearly 70 fighters from two formerly allied jihadist groups have been killed during infighting over the past 24 hours in northern Syria, a monitor said on Tuesday.
The clashes between former Al-Qaeda affiliate Fateh al-Sham and the hardline jihadist Jund al-Aqsa faction erupted on Monday morning, after tensions over influence in the northwestern province of Idlib.
The fighting reflects the growing strained relations between different factions in Idlib province that once fought alongside either other against President Bashar al-Assad's forces.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the clashes erupted after Jund al-Aqsa carried out a suicide bomb attack against a Fateh al-Sham headquarters in Idlib, killing nine people.
The toll has now risen to 69 dead from both sides in heavy clashes and executions, with the fighting spreading to the neighbouring province of Hama.
"There are battles between warlords, it's a war for influence," said Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman.
Jund al-Aqsa is reviled by most rebels in the region, and is designed a "terrorist group" by Washington.
Despite that, in October Fateh al-Sham announced it had taken Jund al-Aqsa under its wing, although clashes between the two groups erupted shortly afterwards.
In January, Fateh al-Sham also battled other rebel groups in Idlib during 10 days of clashes that killed dozens of fighters.
Idlib province is held almost entirely by opposition factions, and was captured by an alliance of fighters dubbed the Army of Conquest, led by Fateh al-Sham.
More than 310,000 people have been killed in Syria since the conflict began in March 2011 with anti-government protests.
The war has become a complex multi-front conflict, drawing in jihadist groups and international armies.
What: " Laguna Beach and the Greenbelt, Celebrating a Treasured Historic American Landscape" will be unveiled at Laguna Greenbelt's annual meeting. The book will be available in local bookstores in the next few weeks.
LAGUNA BEACH – Ann Christoph, a local landscape architect, has always known this art-inspired town – known for its breathtaking ocean cliffs and sweeping canyons – was special.
But it was a meeting with Noelle Vernon, a professor at Cal Poly Pomona, that kick-started an idea to identify Laguna Beach – and its 22,000 acres of preserved open space – as a Historic American Landscape.
Vernon, a member of the American Society of Landscape Architects, was in charge of locating areas in California that qualify for the distinction by the National Parks Service and the Library of Congress.
“She was thinking something more like Heisler Park,” Christoph recalled. “I said, ‘why not come up with something that includes all of Laguna Beach and its surrounding greenbelt and bluebelt.'”
Eight years later, the idea has become reality. Laguna Beach and its greenbelt in December was named a Historic American Landscape – one of 700 sites nationwide to get the recognition. Others include Yosemite, the California missions and the Golden Gate Park.
On Wednesday, a book titled “Laguna Beach and the Greenbelt, Celebrating a Treasured Historic American Landscape” will debut. Written and compiled by Christoph and eight other Laguna Beach activists, the book presents most of the documentation used to get the national designation. It includes historic homestead maps, photographs and history of the art colony and community activism.
“It's a reinforcement of the uniqueness and high esteem Laguna deserves,” Christoph said. “Sometimes when it's your place, you take a lot for granted. It points out how the landscape is significant to the community's development. It's the foundation of why we are, what we are.”
The book describes how Laguna's beauty and dramatic natural landscape are directly related to the community and its artistic traditions. It points to its geological formations, natural vegetation and coastal location and why that attracted artists even back in the early 1900s.
It also shows how the artistic influence and the character of the landscape shaped the qualities of the town.
Laguna Beach was spared from ranching because its canyons, steep cliffs and lack of vegetation didn't work for raising cattle, Christoph said. Homesteaders that started arriving in 1870 blocked out areas and planted rows of eucalyptus to show they had improved the land and to mark their spots. The parcels were rectangular. And that is reflected in the town's streets today – Park Avenue and West Street both run diagonally, they said.
North Laguna was laid out in a more organized way with alleys, curbs and gutters because it was once part of the Irvine Ranch. But there was no master plan for the rest of Laguna. The hills, canyons and vegetation all led to a diverse village character and place, Christoph said.
“If we were all flat like Huntington Beach, the artists wouldn't have come here,” they said. “The coastal cliffs, the canyons and the ocean all inspired the Plein Air painters. William Wendt's painting had a spiritual component. They were trying to capture the spiritual inspiration that comes from nature.”
The Historic American Landscape Survey Program was started in 2000. It records historic landscapes in the U.S. through drawings, written histories and large-format black and white photographs and color photographs, said Christopher Stevens, a landscape architect with the National Parks Service.
“Historical landscapes foster a sense of community and place,” Stevens said. “Historic landscapes are also fragile places. They are affected by the forces of nature and by commercial and residential development and vandalism. For these reasons and for the benefit of future generations, it is important to document these places.”
The program, like the Historic American Building Survey and the Historic American Engineering Record, is overseen by the National Park Service. It is done in consultation with the American Society of Landscape Architects. The archives are housed in the Library of Congress.
But getting the designation wasn't easy. Once Christoph came up with the idea, it would take nearly five years before Ron Chilcote, a member of the Laguna Greenbelt group, formed the Committee for the Preservation of the Laguna Legacy. Laguna's greenbelt came about because of James Dilley, who in 1968 sought to conserve coastal wilderness around the city.
Chilcote selected other members who have played a role in preserving Laguna's character since the 1970s. They spent three years gathering the documentation that led to the designation.
“This distinction opens Laguna Beach to everyone throughout the country,” Chilcote said. “It's the legacy of the past and everything that has shaped Laguna Beach. In the book we recognize the past, celebrate the present and leave a legacy to the future.”
Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo came under fire on Wednesday after they appeared to defend their government's anti-migrant policy during a speech a ceremony in Auschwitz.
At a ceremony commemorating the 77th anniversary of the first transport of prisoners who entered the Auschwitz-Birkenau camp, Szydlo said, according to Reuters, that "Auschwitz is a esson showing that everything needs to be done to protect one's citizens".
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – The ACT is one of the top college readiness tests in the country, but parents, school systems and the Tennessee Department of Education believe students with special needs are at a disadvantage when it comes to taking the ACT and now they're pushing for what they consider to be more equality.
It's not the content of the test that's prompting concerns, but instead the timing of the ACT for students who need accommodations. The ACT gives school districts the option of two two-week windows to test the general student body this year, March 21 and April 19, but only one of those options for kids who need accommodations. Accommodations could include extra time, stop-the-clock breaks or alternate test formats.
The two-week testing window for that group of students starts Wednesday, during the same week many are required to take state tests. Occupational therapist Rosellen Ryals says the current setup doesn't give students with disabilities a real shot at success.
“They are told this is your only opportunity and the kids go into a real difficult period,” Ryals said. “The anxiety takes over and the learning goes way downhill. They are very smart kids, but when they have this anxiety from changes occurring or piling two different kinds of testing on top of each other, things fall apart for them.”
Ryal says the current situation singles out students with special needs and doesn't give those students the best chance to shine. Not only that, when their classmates took their ACTs in March, they say they felt marginalized.
“The kids feel very left out and very angry, because all of their peers are doing it and (they're wondering), ‘What's wrong with me? Why am I singled out?'” they said. “When you are not set up on your best podium, in your best environment, you're not going to show off all of the skills that are so strongly there for these kids.”
A spokesperson for the Tennessee Department of Education says the agency has heard the concerns.
“We have been in conversation with ACT around this issue as part of our planning process moving forward to ensure that we continuously improve,” Deputy Communications Director Chandler Hopper said. “We have shared with them that the single accommodations window creates conditions in which students requiring accommodations effectively have fewer testing opportunities than students who do not–this year, the first statewide test date is March 21 but the accommodations window does not begin until April 19, which is our second statewide testing date. Districts have expressed concern and we believe students would be better served by two accommodations windows. We are continuing to work with ACT on this and hope to be able to offer accommodations during all statewide testing dates in the future.”
An ACT spokesperson said the single testing window is standard nationwide, but eventually adding a second accommodations window is not out of the question.
“The idea of moving to two accommodations windows next year is under consideration, but no decision has yet been made,” ACT Senior Media and Public Relations Director Ed Colby said.
Washington County Special Education Supervisor Allecia Frizzell said their district would welcome a second ACT window for students who need accommodations.
“We would absolutely appreciate having a second window,” they said. “It really has put a lot of pressure on the students. If they gave us the second option, that would help give us the flexibility to work around state testing schedules.”
Despite the concerns, Colby said it's “not quite accurate” to say kids with special needs have fewer opportunities to take the ACT test.
“The accommodations window spans from April 19 to May 3, ensuring that all students who require accommodations have a full two-week window in which to test,” they said. “…In Tennessee, as in other states that administer the ACT to all students, each student is allowed one state-funded test. Students who take the ACT under standard conditions can test on the scheduled make-up date if they miss the initial test date. Students who take the ACT with accommodations must test during the two-week accommodations window, but there is no one day on which they must test.”
Colby said ACT originally scheduled the accommodations testing window for March, but then moved it back to this week at the state's request. They said the Tennessee Department of Education asked to move it to April 19, since more than half of the state's schools were on spring break in late March.
“Providing our districts choice and flexibility in their administration of the ACT is an important piece of our commitment to empowering districts in our state,” Hopper said. “Due to scheduling conflicts with spring break this year, some of our largest districts were unable to administer the ACT on the March 21 statewide testing date with the next available statewide testing date being April 19. In order to allow for the largest number of students to test with accommodations during a statewide test date, we worked with the ACT to ensure that students needing accommodations were able to test on the April 19 or May 3 statewide testing date.”
Copyright WJHL 2017. All rights reserved.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
YouTube
Raw just hasn't been able to catch a break in the ratings for months now, between playoff games and national holidays. But now that Memorial Day, the NHL Stanley Cup Final, and now the NBA Finals are put to bed, there's only the major hurdle of Fourth of July weekend between now and SummerSlam as far as Raw is concerned. Well, I mean there's also Great Balls of Fire. I guess that's like a hurdle. A hurdle of the mind.
But postseason sports didn't go away without a parting shot. The Cavaliers stretched the series to Monday's Game 5, and it was pretty evident that WWE made the easy decision to punt, apart from a hot opening segment with Brock Lesnar and Samoa Joe that led to a pull-apart, locker-room-clearing brawl.
And yes, that segment already has over four million (!) views on YouTube, but the rest of the show suffered a whopping 15 percent viewership drop from last week, as sports fans were far more interested in seeing if the Cavs could force a Game 6 or if Kevin Durant would get their first ring, rather than seeing if Dean Ambrose was in a bear suit.
MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--In celebration of National Superhero Day (April 28, 2018), Love Your Melon will spend this week spreading their impact wider than ever before by connecting with children battling cancer across the world and launching its new Beanie Giving Machine Initiative.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005394/en/
Love Your Melon Celebrates Superhero Day with Worldwide Impact and New Beanie Giving Machines (Photo: Love Your Melon)
The brand new Beanie Giving Machines are Love Your Melon's innovative way to provide an immediate impact for children battling cancer when they need it most. The giving machines feature an interactive screen that will allow children to choose their beanie and read Love Your Melon's recently published children's book, Adventures of the SuperCrew.
In honor of National Superhero Day, the first giving machines will be unveiled on April 26, 2018, in some of the largest children's hospitals across the United States, including Advocate Children's Hospital in Chicago, Florida Children's Hospital, Boston Children's Hospital and the University of Minnesota Masonic Children's Hospital, with more launching in the next month. Love Your Melon's goal is to put a Beanie Giving Machine in every child's hospital. To request a machine in a children's hospital near you, email info@loveyourmelon.com.
In addition to the launch of the Beanie Giving Machines, Love Your Melon will celebrate National Superhero Day by hosting over 200 events in six different countries across the world. They will be visiting children's hospitals, hosting Superhero Adventures, teaming up with nonprofit partners such as Make-A-Wish and overall giving more than 10,000 beanies to children battling cancer.
“Superhero Day is about helping as many children as possible,” said Love Your Melon President, Zachary Quinn. “We believe in making children feel like the superheroes they are during the difficult process of cancer treatment. We look forward to sharing more beanies with children across the world using our new Beanie Giving Machines and continuing to fight cancer through research and family support.”
Love Your Melon Superhero Day is taking place at hospitals across the United States as well as in Ireland, England, Canada, New Zealand and Australia. See attached list for all locations ( Superhero Day Hospitals ).
To learn more about Love Your Melon, visit loveyourmelon.com.
ABOUT LOVE YOUR MELON Love Your Melon is an apparel brand dedicated to giving a hat to every child battling cancer in America as well as supporting nonprofit organizations who lead the fight against pediatric cancer. Zachary Quinn and Brian Keller founded the company in 2012 while the two were sophomores in college. To date, the brand has given more than 135,000 beanies to children battling cancer and more than $4.5 million to fund cancer research initiatives. Fifty percent (50%) of profit from the sale of all Love Your Melon products is given to Love Your Melon's nonprofit partners in the fight against pediatric cancer. More information on Love Your Melon can be found at loveyourmelon.com. Follow Love Your Melon on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005394/en/
CONTACT: Love Your Melon
Katie Spiegle, 612-801-7444
media@loveyourmelon.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MINNESOTA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH HOSPITALS ONCOLOGY PHILANTHROPY CHILDREN TEENS RETAIL FASHION OTHER PHILANTHROPY SPECIALTY CONSUMER FAMILY GENERAL HEALTH MANAGED CARE
SOURCE: Love Your Melon
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005394/en
.BOSTON (AP) – Danica Patrick says they “had a moment” when they lost their temper at a booing fan after qualifying for last week's NASCAR race. They say they know the smarter thing to do would have been to “just keep walking.” “But every now and again they just catch you in a moment, and I had a moment,”
Patrick says. In a video that went viral, Patrick stormed over to the fan and said: “I'm a person, too. I have feelings. When you boo me, it hurts my feelings.” The 35-year-old driver said during a promotional tour of Boston on Wednesday that they decided not to sign autographs for a fan at the Poconos track who had gone through a security cordon. They say they “didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard.”
At Syracuse, Switzer began running with Arnie Briggs, a mail carrier at Syracuse who was also an avid runner. Briggs, too, argued that women were “too fragile” to run the race, but Switzer was determined to prove them wrong. When they began running 30-plus mile distances, Briggs conceded and encouraged them to sign up for Boston officially. They signed up as “K.V. Switzer” along with Arnie, their boyfriend Tom Miller, and another friend.
Advertisement
But when Jock Semple, the race co-director, discovered a woman had registered in the marathon, they were furious. In the middle of the race, Semple tried to shove Switzer and physically pull them out. “He was pulling at me and screaming, ‘Get the hell out of my race and give me that number,'” Switzer told Deadspin in 2015. “Arnie was screaming at Jock, and then Tom smashed Jock out of the way.” The moment was captured by photographer Harry Trask, instantly turning Switzer into an icon.
But Switzer wasn't the only woman—or even the first—to complete the Boston Marathon that year. Bobbi Gibb, who had run the race unofficially in 1966, was on the course in 1967 and finished ahead of Switzer at 3:27:17. However, Gibb did not register for the race, and according to Switzer, therefore did not threaten the supposed integrity of Semple's men-only competition. Semple disqualified Switzer from the race and the Amateur Athletic Union suspended them and Miller.
Advertisement
Sponsored
Switzer, who was attacked simply for wanting to run, became an international feminist symbol and helped break the long-held barriers against women in long distance running. In a recent interview with WBZ-TV, they recalled, “I said, ‘This is going to change my life, maybe going to change women's sports and change the world.'”
The Boston Marathon officially opened to women in 1972. That same year, gender equality law Title IX was signed into law, allowing more women to join cross-country and track and field programs at college. In 1984, the Olympics introduced the first women's marathon.
Switzer went on to run 39 marathons and organized the Avon International Running Circuit, a series of women's-only races. In 1974, they won the New York City marathon. In 1975, they returned to Boston and placed second, break their personal record with a time of 2:51:33. In 2011, they were inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame.
CNN reports that the Boston Marathon will retire Switzer's original bib number in their honor. “Fifty years later, women make up almost half the field at Boston. It's a phenomenal social revolution, and it has happened in my lifetime,” Switzer told Outside Magazine. “To be there in Boston to celebrate that moment, the place where it all began, is extremely gratifying and validating.”
08:02 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Haredi man says daughter shunned thanks to mom's McDonald's trip Read more
Father awarded custody of their 9-year old daughter tells court their ex-wife flagrantly attempting to lead daughter away from their faith. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Getty Image
Tory Lanez is hitting the ground running in 2017 with two new mixtapes to satisfy their adoring fans. The New Toronto 2 and Chixtape 4 follow their predecessors released Christmas 2015. Both new releases feature contributions from Rick Ross, Cash Money's Jacquees and A$AP Ferg with production from Tory, araabMUZIK, Play Picasso and other beatmakers.
And like most of Tory's projects, the new set of tapes aren't without their Drake references and jabs. On the song, “Lick x Drive You Crazy,” Tory takes a shot at their dad's OVO clothing line and fashion choices, rapping, And I pray I never dress like y'all/Only bird on my shirt is when I press that raw. Drake's OVO symbol is an owl. Get it? Sidebar: GQ just also named Drizzy the best-dressed male of 2016, but I see what Tory was trying to do there.
STOCKHOLM (AP) — Sweden charges Uzbek mans with terrorist crime in last year's truck ramming attack in Stockholm that killed 5.
This green-eyed beauty is Squeeky, a 7-year-old kitty looking for a new start. Squeeky is mild-mannered and very sweet would make a spectacular lap cat. With their mellow personality, they would thrive in a quieter home with someone special to call them own. If you would like to know more about Squeeky, please call the San Clemente/Dana Point Animal Shelter at 949.492.1617, or visit with them at 221 Avenida Fabricante, San Clemente.
Share this: Share
Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--The third annual Children's Hospital Los Angeles Make March Matter fundraising campaign raised $2 million dollars, the hospital announced Tuesday. The campaign doubled its $1 million fundraising goal thanks to partnerships with 95 businesses in Los Angeles and the Coachella Valley who rallied community participation to give in support of critical, lifesaving care for children in Los Angeles.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005632/en/
Actors Patrick J. Adams and Troian Bellisario supported the Make March Matter campaign by volunteering at Children's Hospital Los Angeles on March 15, 2018. (Photo: Business Wire)
“Every year I am astounded by the level of compassion and generosity exhibited by the businesses and corporate partners and their followers in the community who support the Make March Matter campaign and help us fulfill our mission of creating hope and building healthier futures for our patients and their families,” says Children's Hospital Los Angeles President and CEO Paul S. Viviano.
“There was something for everyone with this year's campaign, which featured 40 events in 31 days and a variety of fundraising activities and opportunities from shopping to dining to exercising -- all in support of CHLA,” says Dawn Wilcox, vice president of Corporate Partnerships at CHLA.
Make March Matter was created by CHLA in 2016 as a way to identify a time of year devoted specifically to children's hospitals and children's health. The month of March was selected as it signifies the start of spring. And with the new season comes a feeling of hope, new beginnings, and life. This year Children's National Health System in Washington, DC joined the movement by launching their own inaugural Make March Matter campaign.
Numerous promotions and events highlighted this year's campaign including shopping events and promotions at Intermix and Theory, Calleen Cordero, Trina Turk and may more; CHLA-themed fitness classes at Cycle House, Orangetheory and Body by Simone; and Drybar donated 100 percent of proceeds for blowouts at their Culver City location. Teen fashion designer Grace Rose hosted a fashion show at The Americana at Brand and donated a portion of sales from their Rosie G clothing line, and the Los Angeles Kings and the Los Angeles Galaxy hosted special CHLA-themed games at Staples Center and the StubHub Center, respectively. For the third consecutive year, Panda Express earned top campaign contributor honors by raising $390,000.
“Our associates and our customers are passionate about helping Children's Hospital Los Angeles continue to offer groundbreaking medical treatment to the precious patients they treat,” says Peggy Cherng, Panda Express co-chair and co-chief executive officer. “I'm thrilled that their efforts raised $390,000 for the Make March Matter campaign.”
Celebrities who gave CHLA hands-on support throughout March include Patrick J. Adams, Victoria Arlen, Troian Bellisario, Jacey Duprie, Yael Grobglas , the KOST 103.5 Ellen K Morning Show team, Elliot Knight, Brooke Lyons, Lea Michele, Italia Ricci, Louise Roe, Becca Tobin and Patrick Schwarzenegger.
“We are so grateful for the enthusiasm and commitment from the businesses and the community extended to CHLA,” Wilcox says. “Thanks to their support, we can continue to provide expert medical care to the pediatric patients we treat.”
Make March Matter
Make March Matter is an annual fundraising campaign that builds awareness and support for children's health in Los Angeles. The campaign supports Children's Hospital Los Angeles—a nonprofit pediatric academic medical center dedicated to offering more than 350 specialty programs and services to help the health of children. The goal of the campaign is to raise money in support of Children's Hospital Los Angeles to ensure that all of its pediatric patients receive the critical lifesaving care they need.
About Children's Hospital Los Angeles
Founded in 1901, Children's Hospital Los Angeles is ranked the top children's hospital in California and sixth in the nation for clinical excellence with its selection to the prestigious U.S. News & World Report Honor Roll. Clinical care is led by physicians who are faculty members of the Keck School of Medicine of USC through an affiliation dating from 1932. CHLA is home to The Saban Research Institute, one of the largest and most productive pediatric research facilities in the United States. For more information, follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and Instagram, and visit our child health blog ( CHLA.org/blog ) and our research blog ( ResearCHLABlog.org ).
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005632/en/
CONTACT: Children's Hospital Los Angeles
Monica Rizzo, (323) 361-5745
mrizzo@chla.usc.edu
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OTHER CONSUMER ENTERTAINMENT HEALTH CELEBRITY HOSPITALS OTHER HEALTH PHILANTHROPY CONSUMER FUND RAISING
SOURCE: Children's Hospital Los Angeles
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 07:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 07:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005632/en
21:23 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Collapse: Southbound Route 4 re-opened to traffic Highway 4 has been re-opened to southbound traffic southward after being blocked for about an hour following the collapse of a pedestrian bridge between Bnei Brak and Givat Shmuel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
A police officer stands outside the World Conference Center in Bonn, Germany, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. The foreign ministers of the G20 countries are meeting on Feb. 16 and 17 in Bonn. (Oliver Berg/dpa via AP)
BONN, Germany (AP) — Foreign ministers from most of the world's leading powers are heading to a diplomatic summit of the Group of 20 industrialized and emerging economies in Germany, with all eyes on the new U.S. Secretary of State for clues about the direction Washington will take over the next four years.
At the talks Thursday and Friday in the western city of Bonn, U.S. allies are seeking reassurances from Rex Tillerson that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump won't ditch a decade of close cooperation among G-20 nations on climate change, international development and the global economy.
Russia, China, Saudi Arabia and Turkey, meanwhile, are looking to gauge the man they'll be dealing with on some of the more sensitive areas of foreign policy in the coming years — including conflicts in Syria and Ukraine, territorial disputes in the South China Sea and nuclear disarmament.
"The issue for any country that's not America is to try and flesh out what Trump means by 'America first,'" said Christopher Smart, a fellow at the Chatham House think tank and former Obama administration adviser on international economic affairs.
A shift away from multilateral diplomacy could see U.S. allies pitted against each other in a bid for Washington's attention, opening up new battle lines. At the same time, smaller countries could be left to pick up the cost of financing international organizations — as well as the burden of behind-the-scenes negotiations — previously shouldered largely by the State Department.
So far, Tillerson has struck a more moderate tone than Trump, suggesting a desire for continuity rather than a radical break with the past, Smart said. How that will work in practice, and who genuinely has the new president's ear, is something diplomats will be trying to find out both in the summit's two working sessions and during a flurry of bilateral meetings at a German government guest house on a mountain overlooking the River Rhine.
"Russia would be a very interesting conversation to hear," said Smart, noting that the G-20 meeting comes days after Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned over their contacts with Moscow.
This week's talks are also seen as a dress rehearsal for Germany's hosting of the G-20 leaders in Hamburg on July 7-8, which Trump has said he'll attend.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is trying to downplay differences with Trump — who called their refugee policy "a total disaster" — by stressing Berlin's willingness to cooperate with their administration. Earlier this month, they sent their foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, to Washington to meet with Tillerson within hours of their Senate confirmation.
Gabriel, who is also new to the post following a recent Cabinet reshuffle, said Wednesday that talks among the G-20 — which also includes Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, India, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, South Korea and several European countries — are key to ensuring that foreign policy is "more than crisis management."
"We would be well-advised not to constantly run from one blaze to the next with the fire extinguisher," they said, stressing the importance of preventing crises. Germany saw first-hand two years ago how conflicts in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan led to an unprecedented movement of refugees into Europe, with a lasting impact on the continent.
Without mentioning the United States by name, Gabriel said problems caused by terrorism, water shortage and humanitarian emergencies couldn't be tackled through isolation. "Climate change can't be fought using barbed wire," they said.
Still, few believe that this year's G-20 meetings will be as harmonious as Germany's flight attendantship of the G-7 format two years ago, which produced pictures of Merkel and Obama strolling across an Alpine meadow.
Left-wing groups are planning a protest Thursday near the conference venue, which for decades was home to West Germany's parliament before the capital was moved to Berlin following the country's reunification.
Bonn has since become an example of Germany's vision for multilateral diplomacy, hosting numerous international organizations and United Nations offices with a particular focus on climate change — an issue the new U.S. administration has expressed skepticism about.
___
Follow Frank Jordans on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/wirereporter
Doug Adler, a tennis commentator and former All-American at USC, has filed a wrongful termination suit against ESPN after a social media uproar over a phrase they used to describe Venus Williams' tactics during an Australian Open match last month led to their abrupt firing from the network.
On the call for Williams' match against Stefanie Voegele on Jan. 18, Adler described one play in which Williams' tactic of charging the net by saying they “put the guerrilla effect on.” Given the similar pronunciation, their comment was construed by some as “gorilla effect.” Following a tweet by a New York Times tennis writer, Adler's use of the phrase, which they believe was misinterpreted, soon spread across social media.
“I knew I'd been treated badly and unfairly,” Adler told the Southern California News Group on Tuesday, shortly before their lawsuit was filed in Los Angeles Superior Court. “When I saw what it was doing to my reputation, I knew I'd have to fight for my name.”
Adler's complaint, filed in Los Angeles Superior Court on Tuesday, alleges ESPN “took the easy way out and bowed to the Twitter universe of haters” in its decision to fire them after a 15-year broadcasting career.
When asked for comment, ESPN spokesperson Mike Soltys said: “We have not been served and am I declining further comment.”
Adler says they didn't know anything was amiss for more than 24 hours after the broadcast and even called more Australian Open matches before their bosses at ESPN replayed the video for them and their partner in the booth, asking if they noticed anything odd about the video. When both said they hadn't, Adler was told by their executive producer that their comment had “gone viral.”
“They told me the Twitter world had basically started labeling me as a racist,” Adler said.
Adler says they were asked to apologize by the network and reluctantly complied, though they said the apology they wrote was deemed unfit and was rewritten by others at the network. In their apology, Adler said they “simply and inadvertently chose the wrong word to describe (Williams') play.”
When they read the statement on-air, Adler says they were told by their executive producer to continue calling the match. But the director of the broadcast refused to allow them to join the broadcast.
The next afternoon, Adler received a call from their producer with news that they were fired.
“He said, ‘They just don't want to fight the other side,'” Adler said. “‘There's a little bit too much pressure coming from the other side. They've decided to let you go.'”
Adler stood by their use of the phrase “guerrilla effect,” saying similar references to warfare are “common to anyone who has put on a jockstrap or worn a sports bra.” They also fervently denied their use of the phrase was racially charged.
As a result of their firing, Adler feels their reputation has been “damaged forever.”
“The irony is that Adler called everything correctly and in a professional manner, whereas ESPN did not – they recklessly made the wrong call,” David Ring, Adler's attorney, said in a statement. “It was not only political correctness gone overboard, but also a cowardly move that ruined a good man's career.”
Adler, who lives in Los Angeles, was hired by ESPN in 2008. They earned All-America status as a member of the USC tennis team and was a ranked professional in both singles and doubles, before joining the broadcast booth.
Staff writer Tom Hoffarth contributed to this report.
Contact the writer: rkartje@scng.com
(AP) – Olympic bobsledding champion Steven Holcomb had prescription sleeping pills and alcohol in their system when they were found dead last month, according to toxicology report provided to their family and USA Bobsled and Skeleton.
Holcomb's blood-alcohol level was found to be 0.188, well above the threshold for intoxication. They also had more than the typical dosage of the sleeping aid Lunesta in their system, and the report indicated that combination was fatal for the bobsledder who was found in their bed at the Olympic Training Center in Lake Placid, New York, on May 6.
An initial autopsy last month showed that fluid in Holcomb's lungs was a significant factor in their death, but no precise cause of death was revealed pending the toxicology report.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The SMHS left the space over the course of last summer to move into a brand-new facility just a few blocks away. Since then, the administrative and advising offices of the UND College of Arts and Sciences have been moving their operations into the building.
The plan to renovate the old SMHS would help clear the way for the consolidation of additional departments in the basement, first and second floors of the old SMHS. Some of the functions that would move over now are housed in buildings slated to be taken offline by the university.
As proposed to the SBHE, the renovations would be funded by $1.3 million in extraordinary repair funding and $2 million in appropriated funds.
An SBHE summary of the university's proposal states UND indicated there is a "high probability" that digital classrooms will be built while the renovations are taking place. The summary states the board would not consider approval of additional classroom space until prior approval of the university's strategic plan, along with the portion of a master plan which identifies facility needs for programming.
The request from UND was heard Tuesday by the board's budget and finance committee.
North Dakota University System communications director Billie Jo Lorius said the committee has asked UND for additional information. Lorius said the committee took no specific action on the proposal beyond passing it along to be heard by the board at its next full meeting.
Other news
• UND's Pride of the North marching band has met its fundraising goal of $88,000, set in November. The funds were donated by 232 alumni, friends and loved ones and will be used to purchase new uniforms for the fall of 2017.
• The University of Minnesota-Crookston will host the founder and CEO of Extreme Sandbox, Randy Stenger, at 12:30 p.m. Tuesday in the Peterson Classroom of Heritage Hall. A question and answer session and refreshments will follow the presentation.
• The UND Music Department will host a senior trombone recital for Sean Sprague at 1 p.m. Sunday in the Hughes Fine Arts Center. The recital is free, and all are welcome.
• The UND Music Department will host a recital for the UND Guitar Studio at 8 p.m. Wednesday in the Hughes Fine Arts Center. The event is free and open to the public.
A group was seen aboard a hot pink flamingo-shaped inflatable raft, floating down the Los Angeles River on Monday.The group of three appeared to lounge on the raft, which was seen floating in the Boyle Heights area around 1 p.m., then making its way into the Vernon area.Law enforcement officials eventually approached the three individuals, who got off the raft and pulled it off to the side of the river. Officials were seen speaking to the three and handing them what appeared to be tickets.Meantime, other law enforcement officials were seen looking through the contents inside the inflatable flamingo.The group then deflated the raft, stuffed it into a bag, loaded it into a car and left the area.The trio of YouTubers, who call themselves the "JoogSquad," said they've pulled a similar stunt before, but their previous raft wasn't quite as eye-catching as the bright pink flamingo.The three said they just wanted to bring a smile to peoples' faces on a Monday and didn't mean any harm, but they did have some concerns about the water they were rafting in. "Mainly we were just worried about needles and diseases really," one of the rafters said.
Emma Tillman
The RX is Uproxx Music's stamp of approval for the best albums, songs, and music stories throughout the year. Inclusion in this category is the highest distinction we can bestow, and signals the most important music being released throughout the year. The RX is the music you need, right now.
In late April, I saw Father John Misty and their exemplary backing band play a stunning hour-long set at the Homecoming Festival in Cincinnati. It was also a little strange, because the artist otherwise known as Josh Tillman hardly spoke between songs. There were no rants about Trump, or the cult of celebrity, or the soul-deadening effects of the internet, or anything else resembling the viral moments that have become fixtures of #FJMcontent on music news websites in recent years. They just played one beautiful, wry tune after another, including several tracks from their forthcoming record, God's Favorite Customer.
I enjoyed the performance tremendously, though the critic in me immediately went into pundit mode. Clearly, Tillman was over-correcting in the aftermath of 2017's Pure Comedy, their 76-minute broadside about the state of the world that garnered mostly positive reviews, and yet left a faintly negative impression in the wake of a sometimes playful, more often confrontational press cycle. “This guy is a little too much,” seemed to be the prevailing sentiment. But now that they aren't talking, either on stage or off — he's mostly sworn off interviews to promote God's Favorite Customer — I immediately psychoanalyzed the man on stage as a reactionary. Fine, I won't say anything, I imagined Tillman thinking. See how you people enjoy your boring, humorless indie stars now.
People have played this parlor game with Tillman ever since they adopted the Father John Misty persona six years ago. Admittedly, I like thinking about Father John Misty more than just about anyone in music right now. He's a great artist, and also a genuinely interesting entertainer, and there's nobody in contemporary indie rock nearly as good at both of those things. But even people who can't stand them tend to assign motives and machinations to even seemingly innocuous gestures, and Tillman knows this.
“People think I'm toying with them, playing 12-dimensional chess,” they told The New Yorker‘s Nick Paumgarten last year. They were reacting to a Pitchfork column by Greil Marcus in which the venerated music critic claimed that Tillman adopted their swaggering, shamanistic avatar in order “to appear as if touched by God” and “laugh at you” for not getting it.
CHICAGO (AP) — The Latest on Michigan State University ties to a Chicago-area coach accused of sexual abuse (all times local):
1:00 p.m.
A lawyer for a prominent Chicago-area volleyball coach accused of raping six underage girls they trained says their client has never sexually abused anyone and that they aren't affiliated with Michigan State University.
Danielle D'Ambrose says in a statement that the allegations against Rick Butler are "absolutely false."
Three women publicly accused them in 1995 of raping them in the 1980s. A 1995 report from an Illinois state agency found no evidence to support Butler's contention that the women were lying.
Letters obtained by The Associated Press reveal that Michigan State has been under pressure to sever any ties to Butler. The university recruited players they trained and played exhibition games at their suburban Chicago facilities. Other colleges have done the same.
The statement issued Tuesday says Butler has "no affiliation" with the school. Michigan State similarly says Butler isn't affiliated with the university.
__
12:01 a.m.
Michigan State University has maintained ties to a prominent volleyball coach for decades after they were publicly accused in 1995 of sexually abusing and raping six underage girls they trained.
Letters obtained by The Associated Press from accusers' advocates reveal the school has been pressured for at least a year to sever its relationship with Rick Butler.
Butler runs suburban Chicago training facilities that have been a pipeline for top recruits, including to MSU.
MSU has been reeling from the scandal involving a gymnastics doctor, Larry Nassar, who molested young athletes.
The university said in a Monday statement that Butler is currently "not affiliated with MSU." But it didn't address other questions put to it, including when any affiliation might have ended.
Butler was never criminally charged. They deny sexually abusing anyone.
The Sonoma County Sheriff's Office announced Monday the arrest of an eighth suspect in three home invasion robberies in Petaluma last week.Jade Lafay Johnson, 19, of Winston-Salem, North Carolina, was taken into custody Thursday by Winston-Salem police during a traffic stop in Winston Salem.Sonoma County sheriff's detectives flew to North Carolina over the weekend to interview Johnson, who is being held under $1 million bail and will be extradited to Sonoma County to face trial, sheriff's Sgt. Spencer Crum said.All eight suspects in the three Petaluma home invasion robberies on March 12 were from the East Coast, primarily from Richmond, Virginia, and Winston-Salem, Crum said.The suspects were looking for marijuana when they broke into three homes in the 100 and 200 blocks of Eugenia Drive around 3 a.m., tied up the occupants and pistol-whipped one occupant. There was no marijuana at any of the homes, Crum said.Four men were arrested after a subsequent pursuit into Novato, and three men were arrested around 7:30 p.m. that day when they tried to board a plane to the East Coast from San Francisco International Airport, Crum said.The seven suspects were booked into Sonoma County Jail on suspicion of robbery of an inhabited dwelling, burglary, false imprisonment, kidnapping and conspiracy. Six of the men are being held under $1 million bail and one is on no-bail status.
When is an SUV not an SUV? That's a question posed by the BMW X6 M, which has limited off-road capability and not much utility but a lifted ride height and extraordinary performance ability. Take a moment to let this sink in: The 567-hp X6 M's 3.8-second zero-to-60-mph time nearly matched that of the 560-hp M6 Gran Coupe. The 5190-pound X6 M also stopped from 70 mph in just 153 feet, bettering the 795-pound-lighter M6 by 15 feet (though that M6 may have had some glazed brake pads). And it circled our skidpad at 0.98 g—0.06 g beyond what the low-slung sedan was capable of. The X6 M's performance isn't just astounding for a crossover SUV; it's astounding, period.
Multitude of Modes
Packed under the X6 M's hood is a twin-turbocharged 4.4-liter V-8 that delivers a heady 553 lb-ft of torque between 2200 and 5000 rpm. It's hooked to an eight-speed automatic transmission, and all-wheel drive is standard. The staggered-width, 21-inch wheels measure 10.0 inches wide up front and 11.5 inches at the rear. They're wrapped in fat Michelin Pilot Super Sport performance tires, size 285/35ZR-21 front and 325/30ZR-21 rear.
View photos
While the sticky rubber does wonders for the X6 M's grip, the thin sidewalls take a toll on the hunchbacked hatchback's ride quality. The X6 M's suspension is jarringly stiff. Standard adaptive dampers with three modes offer Comfort, Sport, and Sport+ settings, but they only alter the suspension's compliance from graphite to granite.
In any setting, though, the X6 M's chassis reacts predictably and with minimal body roll, abetted by a quick-reacting all-wheel-drive system that not only can send as much as 100 percent of the engine's torque to the rear axle, but also can apportion torque between the two rear wheels to combat understeer and aid cornering. Stab the throttle, and with the stability control switched to its most permissive setting, this all-wheel-drive SUV can even be goaded into a drift—try that in your mom's crossover. Better yet, don't.
Throttle sensitivity can be altered among Eco, Sport, and Sport+ settings, and there are three more to adjust the speed and logic by which the torque-converter-equipped automatic swaps cogs. Manual control of the transmission is available by tapping on the X6 M's stubby shift lever or by flicking the aluminum paddle shifters mounted to the backside of the meaty steering wheel.
View photos
As is common in modern BMWs, the X6 M's electrically assisted steering is devoid of any substantial feel or feedback. It's relatively quick in hand despite a 17.9:1 overall ratio, and the driver can adjust the steering's weight via—yes—three different modes. To keep X6 M drivers from being overwhelmed by the multitude of performance settings, BMW provides a pair of steering-wheel-mounted buttons that can call up two different customizable combinations.
Although the powertrain offers an Eco mode, you'll probably be unsurprised to learn that fuel economy is not the X6 M's strong suit; EPA estimates are 14 mpg city and 19 mpg highway. We got 16 mpg during the course of the X6 M's stay with us, matching the feds' combined figure. The bulky BMW did manage to beat its EPA rating on our 75-mph highway fuel-economy loop, however, returning 21 mpg.
M is for Mo' Money
Inside, the X6 M's wide dashboard benefits from the addition of a new touchscreen infotainment system that runs BMW's iDrive 5.0 software. Navigation is standard, and BMW's iDrive controller knob remains for those who prefer to keep the 10.2-inch touchscreen free of messy fingerprints. Our Melbourne Red Metallic X6 M also featured Apple CarPlay compatibility for $300. Other options on our test car included BMW's Parking Assistant self-parking feature for $500 and a pair of packages: the $1700 Driving Assistance Plus package and the $4700 Executive package. The former includes items such as a 360-degree-view camera, blind-spot monitoring, lane-departure warning, and automated emergency braking, while the latter package includes LED headlights with automatic high-beams, a head-up display, ventilated front seats, a heated steering wheel, heaters for the outboard rear seats, rear window sunshades, wireless phone charging, a Wi-Fi hotspot, and soft-close doors. In total, our X6 M wore an as-tested price of $112,295.
View photos
With a starting sticker of $105,095, the 2017 BMW X6 M costs $3400 more than its mechanically identical X5 M counterpart. And yet the X6 M sacrifices 9 cubic feet of cargo space with the rear seat in use and 17 cubes with the 40/20/40 split-folding bench tucked away. Additionally, the X6 M loses an inch of rear-seat legroom and just under an inch of headroom compared to its boxier brother. Buyers of BMW's fastback crossover likely would argue that those compromises and the X6 M's additional cost are small sacrifices made in the name of additional style.
Although we prefer lower, lighter high-performance cars to high-performance SUVs, there is something to be said for a vehicle that offers so much performance in such an unlikely package. But the X5 M offers similar genre-busting capabilities, and we struggle to wrap our heads around the concept of paying more for the less practical X6 M.
Specifications >
VEHICLE TYPE: front-engine, all-wheel-drive, 5-passenger, 4-door hatchback
PRICE AS TESTED: $112,295 (base price: $105,095)
ENGINE TYPE: twin-turbocharged and intercooled DOHC 32-valve V-8, aluminum block and heads, direct fuel injection
Displacement: 268 cu in, 4395 cc
Power: 567 hp @ 6500 rpm
Torque: 553 lb-ft @ 2200 rpm
TRANSMISSION: 8-speed automatic with manual shifting mode
DIMENSIONS:
Wheelbase: 115.5 in
Length: 193.8 in
Width: 78.3 in Height: 66.5 in
Passenger volume: 100 cu ft
Cargo volume: 27 cu ft
Curb weight: 5190 lb
C/D TEST RESULTS:
Zero to 60 mph: 3.8 sec
Zero to 100 mph: 9.2 sec
Zero to 130 mph: 16.5 sec
Zero to 150 mph: 24.8 sec
Rolling start, 5–60 mph: 4.5 sec
Top gear, 30–50 mph: 2.5 sec
Top gear, 50–70 mph: 2.9 sec
Standing ¼-mile: 12.3 sec @ 114 mph
Top speed (governor limited, mfr's claim): 156 mph
Braking, 70–0 mph: 153 ft
Roadholding, 300-ft-dia skidpad: 0.98 g
C/D FUEL ECONOMY:
C/D observed: 16 mpg
C/D observed 75-mph highway driving: 21 mpg
C/D observed highway range: 470 mi
EPA FUEL ECONOMY:
Combined/city/highway driving: 16/14/19 mpg
by Eric Crowley
Water temperature: high 60s, lake level: full, clarity: 5 feet
The stripers and hybrids have been doing exactly what they should be doing for this time of year, and that's eating. Look for the hungry fish from the backs of the creeks out to the points depending on the time of day. In the early mornings, they seem to be in the very back chasing herring and big threadfin. Typical spread of 2 to 4 planers, flat lines and at least one down rod at 25 feet is the standard right now. I like to run my baits from 25 to 75 feet back. After you find what is getting bit, adjust the rest accordingly. We have seen some nice striper and hybrids this spring with some really fat, healthy fish coming to the boat to be released.
The spotted bass bite has been better then I've seen in a few years. We have put more big spots in the boat this past month than I thought was possible. For all of May, there was a fish on every piece of shoreline structure and submerged structure for us while fishing live bait on circle hooks. Lots of 2 and 3-pound fish, but what really has been impressive is the number of true 4-pound fish we have seen. If you are not into live bait, the artificial bite has been good. Swimbaits, drop shot setups, flukes and jigs have all brought in nice fish this past month.
The walleye bite has been decent from day to day. One day you can catch 5 and the next day none. We caught them on live shad and flukes the past few weeks with the bigger fish coming on live bait. Shallow at night and deeper in daylight is their style. Look for them from 3 to 30 feet before lunch, then they go deep and disappear not to return till dark again.
The big post-spawn catfish bite has been solid with fish up to 32-pounds being caught and released this past week. We fish for these big fish day and night with all kinds of techniques you can read about next month as I'll go into detail about how we do it.
When Ann Dowd read the first script for Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale," they immediately felt connected to the character Aunt Lydia.
"I was very curious about Lydia. [Showrunner Bruce Miller] had said they were a teacher -- that clicked for me. I love teaching," Dowd said in an interview for ABC News' "Popcorn With Peter Travers." "I just signed on right away. There was no hesitation."
George Kraychyk/Hulu
Sure, Dowd knows that Aunt Lydia, the woman in charge of making sure the handmaids do their job of bearing children in dystopian Republic of Gilead, has done some bad things. Those include torturing women, inciting murder and using a cattle prod on humans.
But Dowd follows what they said is the golden rule of acting: "Not to judge."
"What seemed clear is that they do love these girls and is devoted to them ... as troubled as they are and as flawed as their take on love is," they said.
Jeff Swartz/ABC News
Dowd has a theory about what Aunt Lydia was like before Gilead.
"I think they went to those early meetings in the basement when Gilead was taking shape," they said. "[She probably said], 'Listen, just count me in. I know how to teach. Give me those handmaids. I'll get it straightened out in a very short period of time.'"
As much as Aunt Lydia is influenced by some aspects of their own experiences with Catholic nuns as a child, Dowd said there are parts of Aunt Lydia inside of them as well, especially when it comes to their three children.
They said she's tried their Aunt Lydia voice with their 13-year-old.
"I'll be like, 'What do I see in the room on the floor? What do I look at there?' Like if it's a wrecked room or it's messy," they joked. "And this is what I get back: 'I don't know, Mom. What do you see?' In other words, like, 'Wrap it up. You're confused. We're home now. [Aunt Lydia] doesn't live here.'"
Christopher Polk/Getty Images
Dowd recalled one instance in which they said they lost their temper and brought out their inner Aunt Lydia at a supermarket in New York City, when someone yelled at their oldest son, who is on the autism spectrum.
"She said, 'He needs to go to the nuthouse.' And the switch went off."
"I was very calm, and they were older," Dowd said. "She had long, white, straggly hair. And I stood in front of her, and I knew that I had lost it and I had become very still. And I'm thinking, 'Your children are around you so get it together.'"
"I said, 'I'm going to take your hair. I'm going to wrap it around your neck. And I'm going to pull,'" Dowd recalled.
"She stepped back … I said, 'That's my son. Don't ever do that again. Ever.' And they said, 'Oh. Well, I mean--' And I said, 'No, no. You should be frightened of me. Because I will find you.'"
Dowd said they have seen the woman since the incident, but that "I just sort of put my head down," they said, laughing.
"Now when I tell that story, normally we laugh," they continued. "But it really was not funny to them at all or me for that matter."
Bruce Glikas/FilmMagic via Getty Images, FILE
Though their performance as Aunt Lydia earned them an Emmy award for best supporting actor in 2017, Dowd almost pursued a very different kind of career.
They grew up one of seven in an Irish-Catholic family in Holyoke, Massachusetts. Though they developed their love for acting with school plays, they eventually decided to study pre-med at the College of the Holy Cross, where their father and grandfather went, after they learned their father was dying.
While Dowd was in school, they continued to appear in plays, and they credit two of their teachers and their roommate for helping them decide on a career change.
"There's this real value in following something you love," Dowd said.
Download the "Popcorn With Peter Travers" podcasts on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Tunein, Google Play Music and Stitcher.
Dowd also had the support of someone close to them
"I remember saying to my grandmother, 'Grandma, I'm going to be an actor.' And they said -- she's a very beautiful person -- they said, 'Oh no dear, that's a hobby. And you'll enjoy it, as a hobby,'" Dowd said.
"Then I took a beat and I said, 'But grandma, those are the gifts I was given.' And they said, 'You're absolutely right. You go be an actor. I'll say my prayers for you,'" they continued. "And that was the last of any conflict there, so. Lucky."
Charges have been dropped against a police officer and a former sheriff's deputy in a California sex abuse case involving the teenage daughter of an Oakland police dispatcher.
The dismissals this week marked the latest setback for prosecutors in the high-profile case involving the troubled Oakland Police Department and other agencies.
A judge previously tossed out allegations against another former officer in the case that cost 12 law enforcement officers their jobs.
Three other former officers have pleaded guilty to misdemeanors and paid small fines.
In the two latest dismissals, a judge ruled Wednesday that former deputy Ricardo Perez didn't know the teen was 17 when they engaged in consensual sex.
Prosecutors on Thursday dismissed a similar case filed against Oakland police officer Giovanni LoVerde.
"I had the utmost confidence that this would be the result," LoVerde told radio station KQED (http://bit.ly/2kqsg28). "Unfortunately, it took a year and a half to get here. I am happy. I look forward to getting back and serving the people of Oakland."
The teen claimed they had sexual relations with nearly two dozen law enforcement officers throughout the San Francisco Bay Area while they were working as a prostitute. They said some of the encounters occurred when they were 17 but testified that they lied about them age.
The claims became public when an Oakland police officer committed suicide in 2015 and left a note implicating several colleagues. Oakland police Chief Sean Whent was forced to resign in June 2016 after a federal judge who oversees the department said the internal affairs investigation was botched.
A dozen officers from five law enforcement agencies were fired or resigned for their involvement in the case.
The woman said they no longer works as a prostitute. The Associated Press generally doesn't identify people who say they are sexual abuse victims.
Oakland paid the woman nearly $1 million to settle their abuse claims.
———
Information from: KQED-FM.
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
Investing in artificial intelligence (AI) and human-machine collaboration could boost business revenues by 38% by 2022, and raise employment levels by 10%. — Accenture, 2018
61% of senior executives think the share of roles requiring collaboration with AI will rise in the next three years. — Accenture, 2018
Artificial intelligence (AI) is poised to impact nearly every industry, and businesses that don't take immediate steps to upskill their workforces to collaborate with machines will miss out on revenue, according to a recent report from Accenture Strategy.
If businesses invest in AI and human-machine collaboration at the same rate as top-performing companies, they could boost revenues by 38% by 2022, the report found, lifting profits by $4.8 trillion globally. These businesses could also raise employment levels by 10% in that timeframe.
Business leaders are optimistic about the changes that AI can bring to their organization and workforce, according to the 1,200 senior executives surveyed for the report: 72% said that intelligent technology will be critical to their organization's market differentiation. Further, 61% said the share of roles requiring collaboration with AI will rise in the next three years. And 69% of the 14,000 workers surveyed said that it was important to develop skills to work with these intelligent systems.
SEE: IT leader's guide to the future of artificial intelligence (Tech Pro Research)
However, a disconnect remains, as only 3% of business leaders said that their organization plans to significantly increase its investment in reskilling workers in the next three years.
"To achieve higher rates of growth in the age of AI, companies need to invest more in equipping their people to work with machines in new ways," Mark Knickrehm, group chief executive of Accenture Strategy, said in a press release. "Increasingly, businesses will be judged on their commitment to what we call Applied Intelligence - the ability to rapidly implement intelligent technology and human ingenuity across all parts of their core business to secure this growth."
While many fear that AI will replace low-level jobs, most businesses are optimistic about the impact on their companies, the report found: 63% of senior executives said they think their company will create net job gains in the next three years due to AI, while 62% of workers said they believe AI will have a positive impact on their work.
Here are three ways business leaders can shape their future workforce in the age of AI, according to Accenture:
1. Reimagine work by configuring work from the bottom up
Some 46% of business leaders agreed that job descriptions are already obsolete, and 29% said they have redesigned jobs extensively. Leaders should assess tasks rather than jobs, and then allocate those tasks to both machines and people. This balance the need to automate work and to elevate your worker's capabilities.
2. Pivot the workforce to areas that unlock new forms of value
Leaders should go beyond process efficiencies to prepare their workforce to create new customer experiences, Accenture recommends. This might mean finding new growth models by reinvesting savings gained from automation into the future workforce. It also requires a new leadership mindset that values long-term transformation opportunities.
3. Scale up "new skilling"
Determine your workforce's current skillset, and their willingness to learn how to work with AI. You can then use digital platforms to target different areas of the workforce with personalized learning opportunities.
"Business leaders must take immediate steps to pivot their workforce to enter an entirely new world where human ingenuity meets intelligent technology to unlock new forms of growth," Ellyn Shook, chief leadership and human resources officer at Accenture, said in the release. "Workers are impatient to collaborate with AI, giving leaders the opportunity to demonstrate true Applied Intelligence within their organization."
Keep up to date on all of the newest tech trends. Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
A wide group of youngsters from across the Leighton Buzzard area will be just a crazy bunch of guys and dolls when they perform one of the most popular musicals of all time.
Leighton Buzzard Youth Theatre is staging the much loved Guys and Dolls at the town's library theatre from Friday to Saturday, November 17 to 18.
It follows on from the success the group had with previous productions Joseph and Treasure Island.
The group will take the audience back to 1950s New York with a riotous premise and plenty of laughter.
The whole area has issues with illegal gamblers and the Salvation Army is trying to make the world a more respectable place and the cops are always one step behind.
A spokesperson for the group has described Guys and Dolls as a fabulous show for all the family, with toe tapping tunes all the way.
Expect to hear tunes including Luck be a Lady, Sit Down You and Rockin' the Boat which will be tackled with the flair, energy and talent that have been showcased in previous productions by the group.
Performances start at 7.30pm each night with a matinee production taking place at 2pm on Saturday, November 18.
Tickets for the show are £9 with concession tickets available for £6.50. To book call 0300 300 8125 or visit www.leightonbuzzardlibrarytheatre.co.uk.
For more about the group visit www.lbyt.org.
After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads, investigators confessed Friday they still don't know what drove them to mass murder, and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public's help.
Investigators have examined Paddock's politics, their finances, any possible radicalization and their social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings.
"We still do not have a clear motive or reason why," Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said. "We have looked at literally everything."
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI.
"If you know something, say something," said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. "We will not stop until we have the truth."
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from their 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking their own life.
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about their plot beforehand.
It is unusual to have so few clues five days after a mass shooting. In previous mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer — or even phoned police.
"The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional," said Erroll Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California. "We're so used to, in the first 24 to 48 hours, being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer."
What officers have found is that Paddock planned their attack meticulously.
They requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside their room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign they were contemplating massacres at other sites, they also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Their arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told The Associated Press. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer they met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from their room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity.
Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car in a casino parking garage, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds (23 kilograms) of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
Their girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to their native Philippines before the attack, and they were unaware of their plans and devastated when they learned of the carnage while overseas, they said in a statement.
———
Melley reported from Los Angeles. Associated Press writers Michael Balsamo, Regina Garcia Cano and Josh Hoffner in Las Vegas; Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix; and Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago contributed to this report.
———
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
PRAGUE (AP) — NHL great Jaromir Jagr signed a deal Wednesday with a team they own in the Czech Republic.
The move comes a couple days after the Calgary Flames placed the forward on unconditional waivers to terminate their contract.
The club confirmed the contract between Jagr and the Kladno Knights in the second-tier Czech league has been signed but no details have been immediately available. Jagr planned a news conference in Kladno for Thursday.
Kladno, just west of the capital Prague, is Jagr's hometown.
The 45-year-old Jagr had only a goal and six assists in 22 games for Calgary after signing a one-year, $1 million contract on Oct. 4 as an unrestricted free agent. They haven't played since Dec. 31 because of what the team called a lower-body injury.
Jagr might play for the Knights as soon as Saturday but Kladno spokesperson Vit Heral has not yet confirmed that.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — A report from critics of Airbnb says the vacation rental website is driving up rental prices and reducing housing availability in New York City.
The analysis published Monday comes from a researcher at McGill University in Montreal and was commissioned by the Hotel Trades Council, a union of hotel workers. Several local neighborhood organizations were co-sponsors.
The report finds that Airbnb listings have removed 7,000 housing units from circulation in the past three years and increased median rent in the city by $380 a year.
Officials have tried to combat illegal listings with fines for property owners.
Airbnb says many everyday New Yorkers use its site to temporarily rent space to make extra money. The company questioned the findings of Tuesday's report and said the study's methodology is flawed
The crisis in Syria has displaced around 1.4 million children and teenagers from their homes. An estimated 900,000 of them are not in school.
Historically, in conflict zones, education has taken a backseat to immediate needs like food, shelter and medical care. But more recently, there has been a movement in the international aid community to provide better "education in emergencies."
Many private companies and nonprofits are stepping up to do just this — but their efforts are not always well balanced or well coordinated, a new report claims.
Would-be students have many immediate needs. They have universally experienced some form of trauma. There is a lack of schools, teachers, books, uniforms and food. Yet, according to this study, nearly half of the donors have chosen to supply educational technology, far more than are building schools, providing basic books and materials or employing teachers.
"Many of these companies are based in Silicon Valley, and they do not have a very clear picture of the context they are delivering to," says Zeena Zakharia at the University of Massachusetts Boston, the coauthor of the report.
Zakharia has been researching education in Middle East conflict zones for over a decade, and they noted the growing role taken by the private sector, both philanthropies and corporations. "I was like, isn't this interesting!" they tell NPR Ed. At the same time, their colleague Francine Menashy, whose research focuses on the privatization of education, had noticed the same phenomenon.
The two collaborated on research, interviewing more than two dozen people dealing with the education of Syrian refugees in Lebanon, Turkey and Jordan. Education International, a global federation of teachers' unions, released the report.
Zakharia and Menashy catalogued a recent, and overwhelming surge of interest among donors in supporting education for refugee children.
This survey doesn't capture every form of aid available to Syrian refugees, who are assisted by international governments and nonprofits like the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders. The authors were trying to get a sense of what the private sector was up to. They counted 46 businesses, such as Accenture, Bridge International Academies, Goldman Sachs, Hewlett Packard, IBM, McKinsey & Co, Microsoft and Pearson Education, with money or projects in the area. In addition they counted 15 philanthropies, such as the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, IKEA Foundation, Open Society Foundation, and Vitol Foundation. (The Gates Foundation and Open Society Foundation also fund NPR).
These private organizations often back more than one type of educational activity, but there are clear trends. The authors found that 1 percent of organizations focused resources on social and emotional skills; 5 percent on extracurriculars such as sports; while fully half were focused on providing education technology. To oversimplify a bit, for every donor funding a soccer ball there are 10 backing tablets, educational games, online courses or learning platforms.
They say one school leader in Lebanon told them they were approached "every week" with offers of technology.
"And I say, 'Oh great, come visit us, see how we operate. And they do not.' "
This is a problem, Zakharia says, because based on their interviews, ed-tech isn't necessarily what existing schools need or are asking for.
For example, in many settings with Syrian refugee children, there is electricity one hour a day at best, so keeping devices charged can be a problem. "If you don't have the resources to build latrines or to pay teachers, I mean ... investing in technology isn't well placed," another interviewee told the researchers.
In addition to the desire to help, many of the business donors Zakharia interviewed talked about the financial motivations behind their initiatives, such as improving their brand image, breaking into the lucrative, untapped Middle East market, and testing new innovations. The idea of dual motivation is nothing new for corporate philanthropy, of course. But, says Zakharia, there is always a risk when these business motives come into play.
"What happens when the initiative is not seen as profitable? Education is a very long-term commitment."
Innovators will be awarded $150,000 Fayruze Rizqalla, Dir. Of the Innovations Dept. at the Student Union of TAU, speaks about the special Innovation Conference. Contact Editor ILTV,
ILTV Fayruze Rizqalla
top
The Trump Administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for Trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act, but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments – known as cost-sharing reduction payments – reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said they may end the reimbursements, which they call "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month-to-month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesperson says Trump is "working with their staff and their cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it's offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," they say.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Obama, saying the payments are illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
Last month, China announced that it would begin to use “social credit” to restrict the ability of some citizens to travel due to an individual's “trustworthiness,” which can be negatively impacted based on anything from neglecting to pay fines to jaywalking and smoking in non-smoking areas. The plan was largely compared to the “Nosedive” episode of Black Mirror — for good reason! — and this latest bit of news is no less troubling.
China now plans to expand the social credit program nationwide with plans to have 1.4 billion citizens monitored by the year 2020, as already 11 million Chinese are restricted from flying and another four million prohibited from trains. But now the program will extend beyond just travel, as those deemed to be untrustworthy by the Chinese government can be forbidden from purchasing property or even getting their children into certain schools.
The government says it is trying to “purify” society — which is never a word you want to hear coming from a sovereign government — by rewarding the trustworthy and punishing those who are not. Ways to elevate an individual's person score is believed to be participating in community service and buying Chinese-made products, which can be rewarded with better interest rates and lower energy bills.
China is able to gain this Big Brother-esque intelligence on its own citizens using a network of 176 million surveillance cameras, with plans for that number to grow to 600 million over the course of the next four years.
“It can recognize more than 4,000 vehicles,” SenseTime CEO Xu Li said. SenseTime is one of China's most successful artificial intelligence companies. It has created smart cameras for the government that can help catch criminals but also track average citizens. “This knows every person, every bike, every car, every bus?” [CBS News correspondent Ben Tracy] asked him, watching a monitor. “We can tell whether it is an adult, a child, male or female,” Xu said.
China's economic and political culture expert Ken DeWoskin stated the obvious, telling CBS News that the top secret scoring system “could be easily abused by the government.”
“I think that the government and the people running the plan would like it to go as deeply as possible,” noted DeWoskin, when asked how far into people's daily mundane activities this could go. “To determine how to allocate benefits and also how to impact and shape their behavior.”
It sets a chilling precedent, that's for sure.
(Via CBS News)
Dhaka : 11:17AM May 31, 2018
London : 06:17AM May 31, 2018
New York : 01:17AM May 31, 2018
Weather Forcast
Sylhet, bangladesh
Temperature: 0°C
Wind: Calm
Sunrise: 6:09 am GMT+6
Sunset: 7:32 pm GMT+6
Convert your countries money into Bangladesh taka.
The Latest on Virginia passage of Medicaid expansion plan after years of gridlock (all times local):
8:05 p.m.
The Republican-controlled Virginia General Assembly has given final approval to a state budget expanding Medicaid coverage to the state's poor.
The House of Delegates voted Wednesday shortly after the state Senate voted in favor of expansion. Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to support Medicaid expansion after years of partisan battle on the issue.
The House had previously endorsed expansion, while the Senate had held out in opposition until Wednesday.
Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam is expected to sign the budget in coming days. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama's health care overhaul.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion.
7:05 p.m.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Senate on Wednesday approved a state budget that would expand Medicaid eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act pushed by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed unsuccessfully for years to expand it. Several state Republicans dropped their opposition this year, saying Virginia would be better off with increased federal funding for the program.
The budget still needs final approval House and from Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. That's expected to happen with little difficulty.
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – Now that the weather is warmer, an all-time favorite is returning to downtown Johnson City. The Founders After 5 Concert Series, a free outdoor concert, returns on Friday, May 12. The event features a lineup of bands from all over the southeast.
Except for First Fridays, Founders After 5 will be held at the Founders Park Amphitheater in downtown Johnson City.
The free concert begins at 6:00 p.m. and runs normally until 8:00 p.m.
The following is a release from Dianna Cantler, Director of Downtown Development:
Founders After 5 Concert Series returns for the spring and summer with a great lineup of bands from all over the Southeast. Last year, the crowd at the concert series grew each week, with many people traveling from throughout the Tri-cities and further to enjoy free music in a beautiful outdoor setting.
Beginning May 12 and continuing every Friday night through September, except for First Fridays, Founders After 5 will be held in the Founders Park Amphitheater in downtown Johnson City and features a wonderful cross-section of music genres. The free music series begins at 6 pm and usually runs until 8 pm.
The first group to hit the stage will be The Ragbirds. Trying to define their musical style is a challenge. Led by petite but strong-voiced singer and violinist Erin Zindle, the Michigan-based ensemble adds more than a few outlandish elements of world music into their groove-based rock.
“We have a hard time describing what we do,” says Zindle, speaking last week from a soundcheck in Tampa during their latest tour. “Our little catchphrase is ‘infectious global groove,' which gives you the idea but falls short of really defining the big picture. In simple terms, we'll say it's folk-rock with a lot of world music influence. Those are general terms, but helps explain how the Celtic, gypsy, African, and Latin influences come into it.”
May 19, in conjunction with the new Johnson City Jazz Festival event, will be the Matt Hall Boptet. Hall, a trombonist, performs around the Tri-Cities, Knoxville area, and the Nashville area with various groups such as The Streamliners Big Band, the Nashville Jazz Orchestra, the Diamonds Jazz Group.
Christopher Paul Stelling, will be the artist on May 26. Stelling has been on the move for years now. Periods spent in Colorado, Boston, Seattle, New York City and North Carolina, all interspersed with further destinations to play their songs. Their debut record Songs of Praise And Scorn was recorded at a functioning Kentucky funeral home. American Songwriter heard it and proclaimed, “this what a real self-contained, modern-day troubadour looks and sounds
like.” NPR Music wrote, “He's a great finger picker, a strong songwriter, listen to their words – you'll love what you hear.” Stelling was also featured on NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert.
“Teri Dosher from Willow Tree books our music, “ Said Dianna Cantler, Director of Downtown Development. “We challenged them to go a bit farther than typical Americana music this season. They took the challenge and we have reggae, zydeco, rock and blues, added into the American sound.”
Other bands lined up for the early spring series include: Time Sawyer, local favorites this mountian and My New Favorites, Fly By Night Rounders, and Chalwa.
Links to all the bands websites can be found at downtownJC.com.
“Founders After 5 is a great way to begin your weekend”, says Robert Williams, JCDA chair. “Invite your friends to meet you at Founders Park and enjoy great music and the company of others who enjoy being in downtown Johnson City.”
Each evening, the featured bands will play two sets, music begins at 6 pm with a 15 minute break. You are invited to bring a blanket or chair, pick up a to go order from your favorite downtown restaurant or make plans to dine downtown after the music ends. Beer, soft drinks and water will be available for sale at the event. No outside alcohol is allowed in the City park.
Founders After 5 is sponsored by YeeHaw Brewing Company, Wild Wing Café, and Cherokee Distributing. Eastman Credit Union, Johnson City Chamber of Commerce/Convention and Visitors Bureau, and the Johnson City Development Authority also support the event. The Founders Park Amphitheater is located in Downtown on Commerce Street. Parking is available at the Pavilion at Founders, in the public lot between Main and Market by Boone Street and in the Downtown Center Parking Garage.
For more information about Founders After 5, visit downtownjc.com
Danica Patrick says they "had a moment" when they lost their temper at a booing fan after qualifying for last week's NASCAR race.
They say they know the smarter thing to do would have been to "just keep walking."
"But every now and again they just catch you in a moment, and I had a moment," Patrick says.
In a video that went viral, Patrick stormed over to the fan and said: "I'm a person, too. I have feelings. When you boo me, it hurts my feelings."
The 35-year-old driver said during a promotional tour of Boston on Wednesday that they decided not to sign autographs for a fan at the Poconos track who had gone through a security cordon.
They say they "didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard."
———
More AP auto racing: http://racing.ap.org
SOUTH ELGIN, Ill. (AP) — The Latest on a police standoff in suburban Chicago (all times local):
11:30 a.m.
Police say a 52-year-old suburban Chicago man who was fatally shot after a four-hour standoff immediately opened fire on officers as they arrived at their home.
South Elgin Police Sgt. Mike Doty says three officers were "struck by gunfire." They say their injuries are not life threatening.
Police say Frank Dripps fired at officers with a shotgun Tuesday night after they were called to their home in South Elgin, about 40 miles (65 kilometers) northwest of Chicago. They then barricaded themselves inside a stairwell of the condominium building where they lived.
Doty says Dripps yelled vulgarities at officers and stated "he would shoot officers if they came at him." Doty also says Dripps raised their shotgun and a rifle with a scope to their shoulder "off and on" before police shot and killed them early Wednesday morning.
___
9:15 am
A suburban Chicago police officer fatally shot a man who fired at officers, wounding three, during an overnight standoff.
The officers' injuries were not life threatening.
The Chicago Tribune reports the standoff began late Tuesday when police were called to a home in South Elgin, about 40 miles (65 kilometers) northwest of Chicago, for a report of shots fired.
Police Sgt. Mike Doty says at least two shotgun blasts were fired at officers as they approached. Police surrounded the building and evacuated neighboring homes.
Officers began negotiating with the man, who barricaded themselves in a stairwell. Police believed they were armed with a scoped rifle as well as the shotgun.
Police say an officer shot and killed the unidentified man after they fired at police again around 2:30 a.m. Wednesday.
SKOPJE, Macedonia (AP) — Paleontologists from Bulgaria and Macedonia are excavating the fossilized remains of a prehistoric elephant believed to pre-date the mammoth, after its bones were discovered accidentally by a man working in a field.
Scientists at the Natural Science Museum of Macedonia and the Natural History Museum of Sofia said Tuesday they began excavating the skeleton in Dolni Disan in central Macedonia last Friday. They estimated the animal would have weighed about 10 tons and have been about 50 years old at the time of its death, roughly 8 million years ago during the Miocene epoch.
Biljana Garevska of the Natural Science Museum in Skopje said the fossil was of one of the elephant's ancestors which roamed the region at a time when it was covered by African-like savannah.
A North Carolina woman rented an SUV and picked up six Mexican citizens who illegally crossed into the United States at a remote border crossing in Vermont near the Canadian border, federal prosecutors said.
Carmen Melari Ferrufino Perdomo, 31, of Charlotte, North Carolina, was charged Monday with transporting people into the United States who didn't have permission to be in the country.
According to the complaint, the Border Patrol received a report just after 2 a.m. Sunday of six people walking near the border. Then a short time later, agents spotted them in an SUV with Ferrufino, a U.S. citizen from Honduras. It's unclear if they have an attorney to comment on their behalf.
Ferrufino's passengers, who were between the ages of 21 and 54, told investigators they had crossed into the United States that night. None of the Mexican citizens, who were later arrested as material witnesses in the case, had criminal or immigration records.
The complaint also said Ferrufino flew from New York to Burlington on Saturday where they rented the car in which they were apprehended. Records said they had planned to return the vehicle later Sunday in New York.
In recent months the Border Patrol has had multiple smuggling incidents in the area.
A Missouri dad has received a special tattoo to help their 9-year-old son cope with year-old burn scars.
In 2016, Landon Thomas accidentally fell into a bonfire at home and badly burned their right leg and foot, their father, Joel Thomas, told ABC News.
"At first, they had to wear compression socks to help them heal and even after, they wore long socks to hide [the scars]," said Thomas, 31, of Festus, Missouri.
Joel Thomas
KTVI
To give their son a boost of confidence, Thomas said they offered to get a tattoo that would match the scars Landon sustained.
Thomas then put in an application to the show "Ink Master" on the Spike network. Two weeks ago, an episode of Thomas receiving their tattoo with Landon by their side aired.
Joel Thomas
A spokesperson for Spike told ABC News that Thomas was tattooed by “Ink Master” competitors Jessy Knuckles and Allisin Riot, employees of Pinz and Needlez tattoo shop in Maryland.
“Joel and Landon were exactly the story we were hoping to tell: a dedicated and loving parent who wants to show their son that scars are what make you unique,” Ink Master's executive producer Andrea Richter wrote to ABC News in an email.
Thomas' fiancé Melissa Kuhlmann called Thomas' tattoo a “beautiful reminder” of the bond between father and son.
“I don't know many people that would purposely scar themselves,” Kuhlmann told ABC News. “Joel would do anything for their children.”
Thomas' scar tattoo is complete with Landon's initials.
"[Landon] loves it," Thomas said of the tattoo. "The fact that I was willing to carry that along with him--that load of the scar and the pain of something that happened in their life, it made us a lot closer."
Kenyan media say a boat carrying a local politician and their family capsized in the Indian Ocean and that many of the dozen occupants are missing.
Rescuers on Monday searched for the vessel, which sank off coastal Lamu County amid reports of high tides.
The Standard newspaper quotes county commissioner Joseph Kanyiri as saying one body was found.
Some Kenyan media outlets say Shekuwe Kahale, a politician affiliated with Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga, was on the boat but survived.
Odinga said last week's presidential election, won by President Uhuru Kenyatta, was rigged. Kenyan election officials and international observers say the vote was free and fair.
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A Somali journalist has been killed by a car bomb in the capital late Monday, says a fellow journalist.
Mohamed Ibrahim, a news presenter for Kalsan TV, died at a hospital after being injured by a bomb concealed in their car in Mogadishu's Wadajir district, said Ahmed Mohamed, who works for the same broadcaster.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blast.
Somalia is one of the most dangerous countries for media workers. According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, 59 journalists have been killed since 1992, soon after a civil war began in this Horn of Africa nation. The deadliest year was 2012 when 18 journalists were killed.
It is believed that over the years several different groups have killed the journalists, including the Islamic extremist rebels of Al-Shabab, Somali warlords, criminals and possibly government agents.
Somali journalists frequently receive threats. But police rarely investigate the threats or murders or adequately protect reporters. Only one person has been convicted of killing a journalist and they were executed last year.
Jordan Pickford has hit back at David Moyes' claims about their poor diet as the former Sunderland goalkeeper looks to lead England to World Cup glory.
Moyes questioned what Pickford was eating during the pair's time at Sunderland as the youngster began to establish themselves in the first team under the Scot's flight attendantship.
Back in October 2016, Moyes said: "Jordan's framework will change and they need to look at the work he's doing in the gym and also what they are eating.
"I'm just getting that information passed onto me about their eating. They need a programme to make sure they continue growing in the right way, because this career is short and, if you want to be at the top, you have to do all those things to get yourself there."
However, the Washington-born stopper gave short shrift to questions over their diet, and insists it was never a major concern.
“I was always eating healthy, I wasn't going to McDonald's every week like the gaffer, Moyes, said at the time,” they explained.
They do confess to favouring a pizza after a job well done and is hoping to enjoy a slice or more this summer.
“A nice pizza after three points isn't a bad way to have it,” they said. “And we'd be having more than a pizza if we win the final.”
Pickford is thought to be in a straight battle with Jack Butland to start in Russia, backed up by the uncapped Nick Pope, and will be hoping to get the nod against Nigeria on Saturday in England's penultimate warm-up.
“None of us know yet,” they admitted.
“We work hard on the training pitch. Me, Popey and Butland. We are all working hard and pushing each other, so it is all competition.”
When the Pacers traded Paul George to the Oklahoma City Thunder, many said the trade was a joke. Fast forward to December, nobody is laughing at the Indiana Pacers.
While Paul George has struggled to gain a consistent footing with Oklahoma City, Victor Oladipo has been thriving in Indiana.
Victor Oladipo, who most people considered a good, not a great player has blown up this year with the Pacers.
Last Wednesday, Oladipo hit the game-winner against Chicago. Then they led the Pacers to a win over Cleveland (snapping the Cavs 13-game win streak) and on Sunday they dropped 47 points on the Denver Nuggets in another Pacers' win, the team is now 16-11.
Oladipo is having a breakout season with the Pacers and is meeting the expectations many people set for them back when they were drafted. On the other hand, George is trying to compete for titles on a superteam. Who knows what either player would be doing in the either's situation. All they can do is play where they're at now and make the most of it. For Oladipo, he's playing really well and he's pretty happy about it. Just don't compare them to Paul George.
This from #Victor Oladipo, on the trade that brought them to #Pacers – "I'm kind of getting sick and tired of the comparisons with Paul George and myself. He's moved on. I moved on. I'm happy here, he's happy there. I wish them all the best. I'm feathery, right here as a Pacer." — Clifton Brown (@CliftonGBrown) December 11, 2017
This was supposed to be a rebuilding year in Indiana. Thanks to Oladipo, that's not happening. The Pacers are for real and I must-watch them this season.
As a Remainer and famous critic of the government, Nicky Morgan (along with Anna Soubry) was top of the list of potential defectors for those seeking to form a new anti-Brexit party. Just one problem. Nicky thinks it's a terrible idea and won't be having anything to do with it. They dismiss “The Democrats” as a self-indulgent silly season “fantasy” in a withering article for ConHome:
“The silly season is clearly in overdrive this August, with speculation about the time having arrived for a new UK political party to be formed. This would be a very bad idea for many reasons. Just ask those who were involved in the SDP: are any of them saying that a new centrist party is a good idea? … The national interest now demands that we stop indulging in political and ideological fantasies about new parties and start focusing on how we shape the rest of the 21st century in which the Conservative Party should want to be in Government with a broad base of support in the country.”
Ouch. Which leaves the current membership of “The Democrats” as pretty much just this:
That's that then.
BOSTON (AP) — The government of Bermuda has sued a Massachusetts hospital, saying it bribed the island's former leader in order to secure business there.
The Boston Globe (http://bit.ly/2l7GYrA ) reports that the federal suit filed Tuesday alleges that Lahey Hospital and Medical Center and Ewart Brown, a doctor who was Bermuda's premier from 2006 to 2010, were part of a racketeering conspiracy that spanned 20 years.
The suit alleges that in return for bribes disguised as consulting fees, Brown directed a large share of the island's health care business to Lahey, including lucrative contracts to interpret unnecessary MRIs and CT scans performed at two clinics owned by Brown.
Lahey said in a statement that the allegations are "baseless and without merit."
Bermuda, a British territory, is seeking unspecified damages from Burlington-based Lahey.
___
Information from: The Boston Globe, http://www.bostonglobe.com
The Trump Administration appears to be easing away from longstanding U.S. support for Palestinian statehood as the preferred outcome of Middle East peace efforts, which may please some allies of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel. But the alternatives are few, and each comes with daunting and combustible complications, including for Israel itself.
The idea of two states in the Holy Land — a Jewish Israel and an Arab Palestine — rests on a particular logic: There are two quite different peoples of roughly equal size living between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River; each wants their own nation-state to control and dominate numerically; each has shown tenacity toward this goal.
This would require Israel to let go of most and maybe all of the territory it captured in the 1967 war, when it completed its takeover of all the land that British colonizers abandoned in 1948. That includes the West Bank, where there are now islands of Palestinian autonomy, scattered Jewish settlements and overriding Israeli military control; the eastern part of Jerusalem, which Israel has fully annexed and populated with Jews; and the coastal Gaza Strip, which was actually evacuated in 2005 and is now blockaded and controlled by the Islamic militants of Hamas.
Over the years many and probably most Israelis have come around to the idea of a partition largely because they want to be considered a democracy and do not want all the Palestinian future citizens that would come along with the territory. For almost two decades, U.S. policy has been to advocate a two-state solution.
But over two decades of peace talks have failed to produce agreement on the details, and many on both sides consider it impossible without a major change in circumstances — massive global pressure on Israel, more upheaval in the Arab neighborhoods, perhaps tectonic shifts in the prevailing world order.
Ahead of Wednesday's White House meeting between President Donald Trump and Netanyahu, a senior U.S. official suggested a two-state solution was optional, bringing condemnation from Palestinian officials. But many of them have for years been quietly preparing for an alternative strategy of a single bi-national state in the Holy Land.
Here's a look at that option, and other scenarios that might arise:
ONE STATE
For years this was the goal of the Palestine Liberation Organization, and for many Palestinians it is indeed the preferred option: a single democratic state, not defined as specifically Jewish or Arab, in the area of British colonial Palestine. Many prefer it anyway to the two-state notion whereby even if Israel gives up all the land it captured in 1967 it retains almost 80% of Palestine.
The problem is that almost no one in Israel is arguing for the true extension of full rights to Palestinians in the currently occupied territories because even with Gaza excluded it would leave Arabs constituting close to half the country's population — and that is clearly the end of the Zionist dream of a Jewish state. This is why Israel has never annexed the West Bank and why the more sophisticated nationalists profess to support a partition, albeit on terms the Palestinians have not accepted and are not likely to.
If the Palestinians formally drop the two-state strategy and demand incorporation into Israel it will put Israel in the awkward position of refusing to annex territories where it has been settling Jews for decades. Down this path lie coercion efforts in the form of international sanctions on Israel, or Palestinian violence.
INTERIM AGREEMENT
Many Israelis have concluded that a final peace agreement with the Palestinians is simply not possible because the Palestinians are asking for the moon as a result of a feeling that they hold the demographic cards. It is not just about territory: the Palestinians still in theory demand a "right of return" to Israel proper for millions of descendants of Palestinian refugees living around the region and the world, which the vast majority of Jewish Israelis reject.
But perhaps a partial deal is possible whereby the Palestinians would not have to forego future claims but for now get their state on, say, 80% of the West Bank, with some sort of preferred access of new regime in the Old City of Jerusalem? Even the current nationalist Netanyahu government would probably accept such a thing, but the Palestinians have ruled it out, fearing the temporary would become permanent. To get them to agree would require massive global and Arab world pressure, and risks huge internal conflict among the Palestinians.
JORDANIAN OPTION
Jordan took over the West Bank and east Jerusalem during the 1948-1949 Arab-Israel war that followed the British pullout, lost the areas to Israel in 1967 and then gave up all claims to them in favor of the Palestinians in the 1980s. But Jordan is a country with a majority Palestinian-descended population, and some Israelis still think that it can play a role in satisfying Palestinian national aspirations and resuming control over only a part of the West Bank.
But this would probably require a collapse of Hashemite rule, founded on Jordan's Bedouin population, and as such is anathema to the Jordanian monarchy, which is beloved by many israelis for making peace with them in 1994. Adding to the awkwardness, the Palestinians reject it altogether as well.
PARTIAL UNILATERAL PULLOUT
Under these vexing circumstances many Israelis conclude no peace is possible, but they still want to be rid of the Palestinian population of the West Bank. In the mid-2000s the government of Ehud Olmert planned a unilateral pullout from most of the territory, to follow the 2005 withdrawal from Gaza. But those plans were upended when Gaza was taken over by Hamas militants and became a launching pad for rocket attacks on Israel, leading to several mini-wars.
Few want to see that scenario repeated with the West Bank, which is much larger and closer to Israel's main cities. Now talk grows of a pullout of settlers from some areas, to create a more convincing reality of partition, while the military stays for now, pending some future arrangement. NATO? A global or Arab peacekeeping force? Perpetual Israeli control? No one can say.
STATUS QUO
When the best that can be hoped for is the least bad solution, the status quo looks attractive to some. But Israel is constantly changing the landscape by adding settlers — already there are some 350,000 Israelis in the West Bank and a quarter million in East Jerusalem. And the Palestinians do not have a history of acquiescing for long: There were multi-year uprisings in the late 1980s and early 2000s and a spate of violence in late 2015 and early 2016. Down this path lies the very strong likelihood of more.
———
Dan Perry is AP's Middle East editor leading text coverage in the region.
Darian King, a qualifier from Barbados, knocked off No. 5 seed Bernard Tomic 6-4, 6-4 on Tuesday in the first round of the Memphis Open.
King, ranked 140th in the world, dropped just 12 points in 10 service games and never faced a break-point situation against the 32nd-ranked Tomic.
Other first-round winners Tuesday included No. 7 seed Steve Darcis of Belgium, Ryan Harrison of the United States and Matthew Ebden of Australia.
Harrison won 6-3. 7-5 over Russia's Konstantin Kravchuk to advance to a second-round matchup with No. 3 seed Sam Querrey. Darcis won 7-5, 3-6, 6-4 over Radu Albot of Moldova.
Ebden rallied from a break down in each of the last two sets to beat Canada's Peter Polansky 6-7 (4), 6-3, 6-1 in a matchup between two qualifiers. Ebden won the last six games of a match that featured a total of 14 service breaks.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Texas Gov. Greg Abbott has ordered a criminal investigation into claims that former doctor Larry Nassar abused some of their victims at a Texas ranch that was the training ground for U.S. women's gymnastics.
Abbott ordered the Texas Rangers, the state's top criminal investigations unit, to look into the Karolyi Ranch. It hosted training camps for more than a decade until earlier this year. The Walker County Sheriff's Office is already investigating.
Several gymnasts have said Nassar abused them at the ranch.
Abbott called the allegations "gut-wrenching." They ordered the state investigation because the claims involve multiple jurisdictions and states.
Nassar was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison last week. More than 150 women and girls have said they had molested them under the guise of medical treatment.
Danish actor Brigitte Nielsen is expecting a baby, they announced Wednesday.
The 54-year-old TV personality and model took to Instagram to reveal two photos of their pregnant belly and tell them nearly 86,000 followers: "family getting larger."
"happy time positive vibes #happyness [sic] #positivevibes," they captioned one shot.
This will be the fourth child for Nielsen, who has been married to their current husband, Mattia Dessi, for more than a decade. They also have four sons, ages 34, 28, 25 and 23, from previous relationships.
In 2011, Nielsen, who has appeared on reality TV shows including "The Surreal Life" and "Celebrity Big Brother," told The Guardian that they were hoping to have another child, but felt torn about doing so because of their age.
"I would love to because of all the things I have learned. It would be like starting all over again. But am I too old? I'm young at heart and I would be different this time round," they said. "Mattia and I have discussed it, but I don't know how likely it is. And to interfere with things just because I feel as if I could give more to a child than I did when I was 20 – is that too selfish? I don't know."
A representative for Nielsen did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.
Enrique Marquez Jr. will admit in court this week that they illegally purchased the rifles used in the deadly San Bernardino terrorist siege for friend Syed Rizwan Farook and that they helped Farook form plans for attacks on the 91 Freeway and Riverside City College that were later scuttled, the U.S. Attorney's Office said Tuesday, Feb. 14.
Marquez, a 25-year-old Riverside resident, has agreed to a deal that could imprison them for the statutory maximum sentence of 25 years to life in federal prison, a news release said. They faced up to 50 years in federal prison if convicted of all charges and if the maximum sentences were served consecutively.
Marquez is scheduled to plead guilty Thursday in U.S. District Court in Riverside to providing material support and resources to terrorists and making a false statement in connection with the acquisition of firearms.
They originally pleaded not guilty to additional charges involving to a fake-marriage scheme that was designed to help a Russian citizen related to Farook remain in the U.S. after long overstaying their visa.
Marquez's trial had been set for Sept. 26.
Marquez has not been charged with directly participating in the Dec. 2, 2015, San Bernardino attack. That morning, Farook, 28, and wife Tashfeen Malik, 27, opened fire in a conference room at the Inland Regional Center, where Farook's San Bernardino County Division of Environmental Health Services co-workers were enjoying a holiday party.
The couple killed 14 people and wounded 22 others. Police killed them in a gunbattle hours later.
The material support to terrorists involved the purchase of weapons and explosives for planned attacks in 2011 and 2012 that went unused until the San Bernardino attack.
Over 2011 and 2012, Marquez purchased a Smith and Wesson M&P-15 Sport rifle and a DPMS model A-15 rifle for Farook, according to the Department of Justice's affidavit written in support of the criminal complaint against Marquez. Each rifle cost approximately $750.
According to the affidavit, Marquez told investigators that they agreed to purchase the weapons because “his appearance was Caucasian, while Farook looked Middle-Eastern.” Farook was born in Illinois. Marquez is a U.S. citizen.
Marquez also purchased explosive material ultimately used to construct a pipe bomb found at the IRC.
The day after the San Bernardino attack, Marquez called 911 and told the operator, "My neighbor. They did the San Bernardino shooting. ... The (expletive) used my gun in the shooting," according to a transcript of the call contained in the FBI affidavit.
Marquez then checked themselves into a mental health facility. The FBI eventually arrested Marquez and questioned them for 10 days, during which, the affidavit said, Marquez admitted their role in the Riverside plots.
NEXT-DOOR NEIGHBORS
Marquez met Farook when Marquez's family moved in next door in Riverside in 2005. Both attended La Sierra High, a few years apart.
The two shared interests in cars and guns.
Marquez had worked since 2012 as a doorman at Morgan's Tavern in Riverside, getting around by bicycle, but their California security guard license expired in 2014.
Marquez worked as a guard at the Wal-Mart on McKinley Avenue in Corona for about two months, until about the time of the attack. Wal-Mart spokesperson Brian Nick told the Associated Press that Marquez worked at the store since May but had been fired.
Riverside musician Crystal Carrera in 2015 said they knew Marquez from Morgan's, where they once worked security. On nights when they performed, Marquez would fill in for them at the door and took over the job when they left.
Carrera was shocked to see their picture on TV.
"I thought it was a joke," they said. "I keep trying to wrap my mind around it."
Marquez was into punk music. When they started going to the bar, they hung out with whoever was there, but they started getting into the bands and becoming part of the Inland music scene, Carrera said.
Tavern owner Jerry Morgan in 2015 called Marquez a cheery, efficient, "easygoing" doorman who was honest and never caused problems.
Marquez struck Morgan as the sort of kid who "didn't belong anywhere," and the owner said they tried to make them feel welcome. When Morgan and their wife learned of alleged involvement in a terrorist plot, they balked.
“ ‘Enrique?' “Marquez recalls telling them " 'That guy couldn't fight their way out of a paper bag.'"
Marquez was raised a Catholic, but Farook soon converted them to Islam, according to the affidavit. Several years later, Marquez began listening to lectures from a terrorist, Anwar al-Awlaki.
In 2011, the affidavit said, Farook provided more radical Islamic material to Marquez. The pair began planning attacks on Riverside City College and on motorists on the 91 freeway, the affidavit said.
And as part of those plans, the affidavit said Marquez told federal investigators, Marquez was now teaching Farook: In this case, how to build bombs and detonate them by using the filament from a Christmas light bulb to create a spark.
The plans were halted in 2012 when FBI agents coincidentally arrested a group of Inland men who planned to join Al-Qaida overseas and attack American service personnel there, according to an FBI affidavit filed in federal court.
George Groves has been declared medically fit to face Callum Smith in the World Boxing Super Series super-middleweight final, with the fight to take place later this summer.
The current WBA (Super) super-middleweight champion dislocated their shoulder in the final round of their semi-final win against Chris Eubank Jr. back in February and the date of the final, originally scheduled to be on 2nd June was pushed back.
And now Head of the World Boxing Super Series Kalle Sauerland admits the final has been pushed back "as much as they can".
“As is the nature of injuries, especially the type of injury that George suffered, getting an exact recovery date is nearly impossible," they said in a statement.
“We have been clear that the tournament has to finish within a certain timeframe, but we also realise that Groves vs Smith is the most ideal final. By pushing the super-middleweight final date back as far as we can, we are giving fans the biggest chance of seeing this incredible match-up.”
Read more
Groves to undergo surgery on shoulder injury
Groves' appearance in the final will be the third defence of their title since claiming it against Fedor Chudinov, with wins over Jamie Cox and Eubank Jr. putting them in with a chance of winning the tournament.
“It is nice to get a provisional date,” said Groves. “We have got something to work towards now. I have been in the gym for a while now, so when we get an exact date we can focus in.”
“We know about Smith, we have seen them for a long time and obviously I boxed their brother. We are supremely confident of getting the win and getting a good win. We already have some good sparring lined up, fighters similar to Smith. I am looking forward to getting back to work and winning the Ali Trophy.”
Smith's challenge for the world title will be their first, with the unbeaten 28-year-old yet to challenge at world level, and they will be putting their WBC Silver super-middleweight crown on the line.
Story Continues
george-groves.jpg
Groves beat Chris Eubank Jr to reach the final (Getty)
“It is great to finally get the fight,” said Smith. “It is the one I have wanted for a long time. I am really happy it is going to be Groves rather than anyone else, it is the fight the fans want too.”
“I've been ticking over in the gym and staying prepared, but now I can switch on and aim towards a late summer date. Now that we have the date, even a rough one, I'm excited.”
“The fact that the final of the Ali Trophy is against George and for their title, I am made up. I have been waiting for a world title fight and feel like I have been unlucky at missing out on opportunities, but now I've finally got it.”
The fight has been confirmed to take place later this summer, with an August or September date likely to be announced.
Japanese hotel operator says Jews 'control US information, finance, and laws' and 'don't have to pay any taxes.'
The operator of a Japanese hotel chain is already in hot water for denying a Japanese World War II atrocity has come under fire for reported anti-Semitic remarks.
Toshio Motoya is CEO of APA Group, which calls itself Japan's largest hotel chain, and has drawn Chinese criticism for writing a book denying the 1937 Nanjing massacre happened and placing copies in hundreds of APA hotel rooms.
The group also runs 40 hotels in North America and its February edition of an in-house magazine for guests staying at its Canada properties contained the anti-Semitic remarks.
"Jewish people control American information, finance, and laws, and they benefit greatly from globalization because they move their massive profits to tax havens so they don't have to pay any taxes," Motoya said in the magazine, according to Canadian online news website National Observer and the Japan Times newspaper.
In response to a complaint by the Jewish Federation of Greater Vancouver, Motoya denied being anti-Jewish.
"It is very unfortunate that my writings gave you an erroneous impression that I hold anti-Semitic beliefs," they said in a statement posted on the federation's website.
The APA Group, however, denied the statement was meant to say sorry.
It "is not an apology," the hotel said Wednesday in a written reply to questions submitted by AFP. "It was issued to resolve the misunderstanding because (Motoya) was being stigmatized as an anti-Semite."
The text of the February issue's website version was revised and the printed version replaced with the March edition.
APA said Motoya changed the text and removed sentences that drew "misunderstanding."
"Some expressions were slightly exaggerated, although they were meant to educate the Japanese," APA said.
Actions and comments deemed anti-Semitic have frequently drawn controversy in Japan, with ignorance rather than malicious intent usually blamed.
Last year, Sony Music and the producer behind a Japanese girl band apologized for having the singers perform in military-style costumes resembling Nazi uniforms.
And rock band Kishidan angered the Simon Wiesenthal Center in 2011 when they wore a costume the Jewish organisation said resembled a Nazi uniform.
BERLIN (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, but Washington needs to join in that effort.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts.
Merkel told the German parliament Wednesday: "It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that." They added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners.
The U.S. is also pressing Germany over what it considers insufficient defense spending. Merkel said that "Germany is a reliable partner in NATO."
Chiefs of Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motor said Monday their businesses would face increased uncertainties due to growing protectionism.
Samsung Vice Chair Kwon Oh-hyun urged employees in a new year's speech to reform the company by strengthening quality control as growth slows in its key markets and trade protectionism increases uncertainties in the economy and politics.
Samsung is expected to announce this month the findings of its investigation into the Galaxy Note 7, JoongAng Ilbo reported, citing an unnamed company official. The flagship smartphone, released in August, caught fire and overheated, prompting two global recalls and its discontinuation last year. Samsung declined to comment on when it would share the findings with public.
Hyundai Motor Chair Chung Mong-koo also warned about the increased uncertainties this year, citing slow growth in the global economy, the spread of protectionism and the increased competition in the auto industry.
They said that South Korea's largest automotive group aims to sell 8.25 million vehicles this year.
Hyundai Motor and its sister Kia Motors missed their sales target in 2016, selling 7.88 million cars as consumers flocked to sports utility vehicles rather than sedans, Hyundai's mainstay, and the popularity of imported vehicles grew in South Korea. Hyundai Motor workers' strike disrupted local car production, hurting sales.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
Transcript for New York City on heightened alert after ISIS-inspired attack
This comes as millions visit New York City for the Christmas season, and why the suspect targeted times square. Tonight, authorities have taken note of what was recently said in ISIS propaganda. And the question tonight, how do you keep areas like times square and the subway safe? Here's ABC's linsey Davis. Reporter: Tonight, security across New York ramped up in the wake of today's attack. The city is already on heightened alert heading into the holidays. Law enforcement sources tell ABC news Ullah did not say specifically why they chose times square but indicated to authorities they had consumed ISIS and Al Qaeda propaganda, which mentioned times skwarp as a possible venue for attack. ISIS releasing this chilling image just a few weeks ago. A picture of Santa standing next to a box of dynamite in times square, and a threat. "We meet at Christmas in new York soon." The police commissioner recently told David this is their new reality. Are you fearful of more isis-inspired attacks here in your city? This is part of our job. You know, it used to be it was about traditional crime. Now, it's about fighting terrorism. This is what we do every day. Reporter: Just weeks ago, eight people died in this truck attack in lower Manhattan when the driver plowed down a bike path. And late last year, more than two dozen were injured in the city's Chelsea neighborhood after a pressure cooker packed with shrapnel detonated. Linzsey Davis with us live tonight. She's in the heart of times square. We can see the police presence there behind you. Late word today about that suspect is now saying to authorities about ISIS and about the Middle East? Reporter: Yes, David. Authorities say that they told them they did it for ISIS. They say that they also mentioned the plight of muslims over the years and historical grievances. But they say they did not mention the current controversy involving Jerusalem. David? All right, linsey, thank you. We've learned this could have been far worse, obviously, as we reported, the suspect claims to have worked by himself. Let's get right to our senior justice correspondent Pierre Thomas tonight. He's live at the FBI. And Pierre, tonight, you're learning that sources say the suspect wanted to inflict significant harm, but was unable to, because this device went off early? Reporter: David, according to a law enforcement source, the bomb did not function as intended. There were names and other parts stuffed into the pipe and it had the ability to cause more injuries than it did. The pipe did not fully shatter. A six-inch piece was discovered fully intact. The source was blunt, saying, this could have been worse, David. All right, Pierre Thomas with us live.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Getty Image
Wikileaks' alleged campaign against Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton throughout the election has spurred plenty of bipartisan caution. Yet that hasn't stopped Fox News personality Sean Hannity from openly embracing the website's editor-in-chief Julian Assange, who remains sheltered in London's Ecuadorian embassy while evading calls for their arrest. Hence the anchor's September interview with them back in September, and the Fox News Channel's Monday announcement that Hannity will be flying to London to chat with Assange in person.
Politico's Alex Weprin and other political reporters broke the news on Twitter, explaining Hannity and Assange would meet at the Ecuadorian embassy and record the interview, which is scheduled to air on Fox News Tuesday evening.
Inbox: Sean Hannity traveling to London to interview Julian Assange inside the Ecuadorian embassy. Airs tomorrow. — Alex Weprin (@alexweprin) January 2, 2017
(Interview starts airing tomorrow and snippets continue being broadcast throughout week, per Fox) — Oliver Darcy (@oliverdarcy) January 2, 2017
Prior to Wikileaks and Assange's continued involvement in the American presidential election, Hannity railed against the Australian fugitive back in 2010. At the time, the media watchdog organization leaked hundreds of thousands of classified diplomatic cables to the press — a move Hannity mulled over countless times on their show.
“Then 390,000 other documents were released. Many of them classified documents. And now we have this. What is — why? Why didn't they go after this guy and why didn't they arrest him? Why didn't they stop this from being published when we had so much time to do it?” Hannity exclaimed in reaction to Assange's sexual assault charges in Sweden. “Why can't Obama do something about the WikiLeaks? We got this four months ago. You know, we can stop pirating a music and Hollywood movies, but we can't stop this guy from stealing highly classified documents that put people's lives at risk?”
(Via Alex Weprin on Twitter and The Daily Beast)
Port of Call were on fire against out-of-sorts Washington Colliery in Division One.
They proceeded to smash home nine goals without reply as Robbie Jones, Sam Wigham, Jamie Carmody, Jordan Dagg, Matthew Harrison and Frazer New supported a clinical hat-trick from Liam Houghton.
Superstar Ian Redman popped up with a late winner to make it 13 victories out of 14 for leaders Ryhope Top House.
They extended their lead at the top by edging out Oddies 3-2.
Redman struck first before Oddies hit back as Tommy Blakeman hit two quick strikes, but mighty Top House had Rhys Tench volley home a 20-yard effort to see them a step closer to the Premier.
The Royal Marine claimed three great points after edging a strong Ashbrooke Hendon side in a 2-0 win.
Mark Wasey put in a great shift for Hendon, but Anth Clifton notched twice to claim victory for the Marines.
Sunderland Railway Club maintained their promotion ambitions with a hard-fought 3-1 win at Thorney Close Inn.
Wallace, Smith and Baker did the damage, while McCabe replied..New Town and The Stella recorded a goalless draw, a surprise considering the goalscoring prowess of both teams.
But the clean sheets were down to excellent defensive and goalkeeping displays on both sides. Dan Warris and Rob Russell were the top performers.
Brad Anderson's early dismissal for Nookside nearly proved costly, but they came good to beat Witherwack 4-2 in Division Four.
Witherwack, with Johnstone outsanding, played well and scored twice through Moan and Robinson, but plucky Nookside overturned the deficit as Allan and Crawford levelled it up.
Then Azz Clasper hit a double after coming off the bench to seal the win.
Mill View CIU hammered another nail in Whitburn Panthers' coffin with an emphatic 9-1 win.
Wadey scored for the youthful Panthers, but it did not trouble Mill as star man Raeburn and Middlemas both hit trebles.
Richardson, Hall and Conlin added to the score.
Herrington CW silenced Washington Teal Farm with a 4-0 away win.
Clements and Cook scored in the first half, then Reece Mcmann burst the Teal Farm bubble with a tasty brace to send the hosts back to the drawing board.
The Dolphin's previous excellent form fell by the wayside with a 3-2 home loss to Terminus, who, in contrast, are finding their.
Josh Summerside's double and a goal from Jenner claimed the win, while Wardle and Goldsmith responded in vain.
Washington Blue Bell stayed second-bottom after yet another defeat, 5-2 to The Grange.
Mitchell, Lane, Sanderson, Atchimson and Jamie Hounslow grabbed the goals for Grange. Mark Smith did their best to keep Grange on their toes with their quick double for the Bell.
A clinical Josh Farquhar hat-trick stunned recently impressive Ryhope Foresters as they set TC Plastics away to a much-needed 4-2 Premier Division win.
Anth Young and Kieran Davies replied for the Foresters, but Danny Robinson's goal finished the scoring for the Plasticmen.
Silksworth CW endured another tough day at the office as they were sunk 5-0 by SR Dons, who are still in with a shout for the title.
Andy Brown was in great form for Dons at the heart of defence. Nath O'Neill and Davey Hall both struck doubles, then Lewis Herron made sure of victory.
Hylton Castle TWR Group came out on top 2-0 in a feisty affair with Farra Paragon courtesy of efforts from Danni Lay and Clark Stead. Rowntree shone for Farra
Lakeside SSC and Wear United drew 2-2 in the first game of the Third Division Subsidiary Cup.
Mark Barras was in great form, bagging two goals for Lakeside, but Micky Smith's United battled away as usual and club hero Sam Wade capped a decent performance with a goal, before Doleman came off the bench to secure a Group B point.
Millennials are a key demographic for politicians. They are the biggest group of taxpayers, home buyers, and – soon – voters.
So how is tax reform, Republicans' signature policy, playing with this pivotal generation?
It isn't. Even more than most Americans, Millennials by and large view the proposed reforms as a giveaway to businesses and the rich. But unlike most Americans, they are on a fast track out of student poverty and low-income, entry-level jobs to middle-class status and beyond.
Recommended: What does the federal government do with your money? Take our taxes quiz.
This trajectory offers Republicans an opportunity to win them over, if tax cuts can be promoted as a boon for the middle class and a path to faster economic growth and more plentiful good-paying jobs over the next decade.
It looks like an uphill climb. That's partly because of the mixed nature of the tax proposals coming out of Washington, which in some ways blend new burdens alongside financial relief for young or middle-class households. It's also because of attitudes among Millennials themselves. Many 20- and 30-somethings are skeptical of Republicans' small-government ethos. They also define success differently than previous generations, pollsters say.
“It's about doing something meaningful,” says John Della Volpe, polling director at the Institute of Politics at the Harvard Kennedy School, which released a poll on Millennials last week. “Of course, that requires a certain level of economic success.”
So far, economic success has proved surprisingly elusive for many Millennials. Despite being the best-educated generation in history, they are earning 20 percent less than their baby boomer parents did at a similar age when adjusted for inflation, according to a 2016 analysis by Young Invincibles, a research and advocacy group in Washington.
'MORE STUDENT DEBT THAN EVER BEFORE'
“They're graduating with more student debt than ever before,” says Colin Seeberger, strategic campaigns director for Young Invincibles. “They're being asked to do so much more with so much less.”
Their tax returns reflect this. In 2013, young people filed a third of all tax returns but only earned a sixth of all income, according to the Internal Revenue Service as reported by the Tax Foundation. Low income was particularly acute among 18- to 25-year-olds, who only earned 4 percent of all income, presumably because many of them were still in college or graduate school.
The Republican tax plans, beyond promising at least modest tax relief to most Americans, are built on the premise that tax cuts will fuel faster growth in the economy and in jobs. With economists disagreeing over how big any boost would be, the nation's newest voters are skeptical. By a 56 to 28 percent margin, voters ages 18 to 34 said Democrats would do a better job of handling taxes, according to a Quinnipiac University national poll released last week.
SKEPTICAL OF TRICKLE-DOWN THEORY
“My understanding of trickle-down economics is that it is ineffective,” says Grace Kingsberry, a young math teacher at a public charter school in Chelsea, Mass. “I'm not sure even that that kind of tax break will really motivate corporations to invest more heavily in their workforce or in the infrastructure … I think there is a great concern, though, if you reduce the tax base by so much that down the road, and not even that long, within five to 10 years, other programs are greatly going to suffer.”
As Republicans seek to appeal to Ms. Kingsberry and their peers, a key test will be the Affordable Care Act. Millennials have been slow to sign up for the national program. By repealing the individual mandate, which would eliminate the penalty people pay if they don't sign up, the GOP plans are appealing to young and healthy Millennials, who would no longer be forced to buy health insurance.
These moves cheer the conservative Millennial Policy Center, which published in July its own market-based plan to replace Obamacare. The more liberal Young Invincibles is working to convince Millennials that the act and the health mandate are worth saving.
Politically, young Americans seem to be leaning toward the liberal view. Coming of age during the financial crisis, and seeing what their parents had to go through in the Great Recession, Millennials are not averse to government intervention, says Mr. Della Volpe of Harvard. In a Harvard Institute of Politics poll, for example, two-thirds of likely voters ages 18 to 29 said they would rather see Democrats control the House and the Senate.
