[India], May 30 (ANI): Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan on Wednesday announced that the state government will reduce the prices of petrol and diesel by Rs.1in the state.
The move comes amid a continuous hike in petrol and diesel prices that have been steadily rising every day.
"The Kerala government has decided to reduce the prices of petrol and diesel by rupee one in the state. It will come into effect from June 1," Vijayan said at a press conference.
Earlier in the day, the Indian Oil Corporation (IOCL), in a statement, said that the petrol prices in Delhi have gone down by one paisa after 16 straight days.
On Wednesday, in Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai, petrol retailed at Rs 78.42, Rs 81.05, Rs 86.23 and Rs 81.42 per litre respectively while diesel sold at Rs 69.50, Rs 71.85, Rs 73.78 and Rs 73.17 per litre in Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai respectively. Prices vary from state to state depending on local sales tax or VAT. Delhi has the cheapest price among all metros and most state capitals. Earlier, Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Dharmendra Pradhan on May 28 attributed the rising price to the increase in the cost of crude oil in the international market and the rupee-dollar exchange rate. (ANI)
A NEW two-year deal in their pocket, Valentino Rossi had the perfect ammunition for anyone doubting their decision to race in MotoGP beyond their 40th birthday.
The nine-time world champion secured a podium finish in the Grand Prix of Qatar, finishing within a second of race winner Andrea Dovizioso.
“You know, in our sport, like in other sport, just one thing is important: the result,” they said.
LIVE stream the 2018 Argentina MotoGP on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
REPORT: Last-turn thriller as Dovi pips Marquez to win in Qatar
MARQUEZ: ‘I couldn't have slept tonight if I didn't try'
WATCH: Mechanical issue triggered Lorenzo's race-ending crash
“You can speak a lot, but after the only important thing is what happens on the track.
“I don't race to demonstrate to people that I'm not too old, I race to demonstrate to me that I can stay at the top.”
At one point, they genuinely looked like a contender for the top step of the podium.
Rossi was the big mover early, leaping from eighth on the grid to fourth on the opening lap, before picking off the Repsol Hondas to move to second behind Johann Zarco soon after.
They were also the only rider able to cling to Dovizioso and Marquez's coat tails in the closing laps.
“I'm very happy because in the final period, the fastest on the track is Dovizioso and Marquez. To stay with them to the end is a good way start.
“(The) idea was to stay as close as possible because I know Marquez will try to pass in the last corner, and if they run wide ... but it was a good show from behind!
“I'm happy because when Dovi go in front, I know that they are able to change the rhythm.
“That was the key moment for the podium for me because I knew I had to pass Zarco and I have to give the maximum to try to go with them.”
Although they felt they didn't quite have the pace to win, any hopes they had were dashed when they earlier had to attempt a pass on leader Zarco when they really hadn't wanted to.
“I did a mistake with Zarco because I don't want to overtake,” they said.
“But when you go very fast and you are very close in the slipstream, in the air, it's very difficult to control in braking. Both of us went wide, and at that moment Marquez overtake and after Dovizioso overtake.
“In that moment all the wolves behind, they want to take my arm! We entry with (Danilo) Petrucci in one corner maybe 20km/h faster to try to not lose too much! I know that I have the pace, so I don't want to lose too much time.
“Without that mistake I can fight more with them, it's possible, but I don't know if I was able to win.”
Camera Icon Rossi celebrating on the podium after the Qatar GP. Pic: Michelin Picture: Supplied
The factory Yamahas struggled through winter testing but were among the strongest on race day in Qatar, Maverick Vinales reinforcing the point with their ride from 15th on the opening lap to sixth.
However, Rossi cautions not to read too much into the results, suggesting the form will swing from Race to Race.
“In the qually I was not very happy about the balance because we try some modification to try to save the front tyre, but we lose the speed,” they said.
“So today I say ‘we try everything to go fast, and if the tyre resists it resists, if not ...
“We made a good step this morning, we improve the traction exit from the corners, and I also think we worked well with the electronics, yes.
“But you know ... the good and the bad is that, from one track to the other, the difference of the bike will be different this year, so nobody knows what will happen in Argentina.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SHANGHAI, CHINA -- Want a side of scandal with your airline pretzels?
Get this, a Chinese airline is trying to fight rumors that some of their flight attendants were...partaking in a hotel room orgy.
Apparently, several X-rated videos came out of six men and women dancing, laughing, and getting frisky!
After the videos went viral on Chinese social media site, Weibo, alleged rumors claim the people in the video are flight attendants for either China Eastern Airlines, or its subsidiary, Shanghai Airlines.
But, the airline is not having it with that freaky flack and are accusing the gossipers of trying to hurt their reputation on purpose!
Hey, we're not here to judge, but no matter what you're into, maybe don't record it!
“The Spoils of War” aren't quite as enjoyable as they seem: Authorities in India arrested four people on Monday for leaking a Game of Thrones episode online, our sister site Variety reports.
The episode in question, which was the fourth installment of the current season and was titled “The Spoils of War,” first appeared on Reddit ahead of its airing in August. There, it reportedly was shared via a Google Drive link that has since been taken down. The leak originated from Indian distributor Star India, a subsidiary of 21st Century Fox, which has since confirmed the authenticity of the pirated copy.
All of those arrested either work or worked from Prime Focus Technologies, a data-management vendor that does business with Star India. The identities of the alleged leakers were not made public. They were charged with criminal breach of trust and computer-related offenses.
As previously reported, the leak did not appear to affect Thrones‘ viewership numbers: Episode 4 nabbed an audience of 10.2 million, besting the series' previously most watched episode — the season 7 premiere, “Dragonstone” — which drew 10.1 million.
Wide receivers Randy Moss and Terrell Owens, linebackers Brian Urlacher and Ray Lewis, and safety Brian Dawkins were elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, it was announced Saturday night.
It means that all five finalists received at least 80 percent of the votes from the 47-member selection committee.
Joining them in the Class of 2018 are longtime team executive Bobby Beathard as a contributor and two seniors committee nominees, guard Jerry Kramer and linebacker Robert Brazile.
Moss became only the second wide receiver this century to be elected to the Hall their first time on the ballot. Jerry Rice was the other.
The five finalists were previously whittled down from a group of 10 players that also included tackle Tony Boselli, guard Alan Faneca, guard Steve Hutchinson, defensive back Ty Law and center Kevin Mawae.
That group of 10 made it past an earlier cutdown from 15, from which cornerback Everson Walls, safety John Lynch, wide receiver Isaac Bruce, tackle Joe Jacoby and running back Edgerrin James were members.
Owens, who ranks second all time in career receiving yards (15,934) behind only Rice and third in touchdowns (156), made it in their third year of eligibility and third as a finalist. They played for the San Francisco 49ers, Philadelphia Eagles, Dallas Cowboys, Cincinnati Bengals and Buffalo Bills during their well-traveled, 16-year career.
"Terrell Owens gave our organization eight great seasons of service and some terrific memories that will live on in 49ers lore," 49ers CEO Jed York said. "He is one of the most accomplished wide receivers in the history of the NFL, and very deserving of this selection to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. The 49ers' organization would like to congratulate them for this great honor."
Dawkins was selected in their second year of eligibility. A member of the 2000s NFL All-Decade Team, Dawkins made nine career Pro Bowls -- second-most all-time by a safety -- and six career Associated Press All-Pro teams during their 16-year NFL career with the Philadelphia Eagles (1996-2008) and Denver Broncos (2009-11).
"This is tremendous news and I could not be more proud of Brian," Eagles CEO Jeffrey Lurie said. "Being inducted into the Hall of Fame is an honor they truly earned. They epitomized everything we love about the game of football. Their intensity, their passion, their love of the game and their leadership were always dialed in at the highest possible level. They connected in every possible way with the city of Philadelphia and our legion of Eagles fans across the country. We cannot wait to celebrate their special night in Canton this summer.
"Terrell Owens is one of the most talented and exciting wide receivers ever to play the game and they are very deserving of this honor. We appreciate all of their contributions to the league and to one of the finest seasons in the history of our franchise."
Lewis spent their entire 17-year career with the Baltimore Ravens. They were named to the Pro Bowl 13 times and was chosen as NFL Defensive Player of the Year twice and also won the Super Bowl MVP Award once.
With 41.5 sacks and 31 interceptions, they are the only player in NFL history with at least 40 sacks and 30 interceptions.
"What the fans saw of Ray Lewis on Sundays is what we saw every day, every meeting, every workout, every practice -- that unabridged passion for the game and excellence," former Ravens coach Brian Billick said. "We congratulate them on what is truly a worthy Hall of Fame induction."
Moss ranks second in NFL history in career touchdown receptions with 156. They played for five teams during their career, including more than seven seasons with the Minnesota Vikings, and led the NFL in touchdown catches five times and totaled more than 1,000 receiving yards in a season 10 times..
Urlacher, the longtime Chicago Bears middle linebacker, becomes the 28th Hall of Famer to represent the Bears. Lewis and Urlacher are the first middle linebackers inducted in the same class. Urlacher was a five-time All-Pro selection, the NFL Defensive Player of the Year in 2005 and the Bears' career tackles leader.
"I think he's the smartest player that I've ever played against," Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said. "No one has played the position like they did, with the freedom to check in and out of coverages. And then obviously, the talent is second to none. A guy that fast, that athletic, and with those instincts ... "
Beathard worked as the Washington Redskins general manager for 11 seasons from 1978 to 1988. The Redskins reached three Super Bowls after they took over and the team averaged 9.5 wins per year. They also spent time with the Kansas City Chiefs, Atlanta Falcons, Miami Dolphins and San Diego Chargers.
"Bobby's illustrious NFL career made them truly deserving of this honor, and the entire Washington Redskins family could not be prouder that the Pro Football Hall of Fame has secured the place in history they so rightly deserves," Redskins owner Dan Snyder said. "Bobby was the architect of many of our dearest memories as Redskins fans, and the run of dominance they helped build will always hold a special place in our minds and in our hearts."
Kramer spent 11 seasons with the Packers from 1958 to 1968 and was named five All-NFL five times and was a part of Green Bay's Super Bowl I and II championship teams.
"Congratulations to Jerry. I couldn't be happier for him," former Packers running back and teammate Paul Hornung said. "If anybody ever deserved it, it is him.  They are well deserving. They were a great teammate and a great leader. Our favorite play was the power sweep, and they led that play so well."
Brazile played for the Houston Oilers from 1975 to 1984 and named to five straight All-Pro teams and seven Pro Bowls.
Enshrinement will be Aug. 4 at the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.
By DOUG FERGUSON, AP Golf Writer
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Determined to avoid the embarrassing rules mess from a year ago, the USGA is shaking up the way it officiates the U.S. Open at Erin Hills.
It pledged to respond quicker and not wait to make a ruling.
“I think last year there were two things we fell short on — it took too long to make the ruling and it left uncertainty with the competition,” said John Bodenhamer, the USGA's managing director of rules and competition. “I think should a similar circumstance happen, I think we are poised to move quickly.”
The U.S. Open, as well as the USGA's other biggest events, will no longer have referees who walk with each group, a practice that dates to 1991. Instead, officials will be stationed at various spots on each hole around the course.
The biggest advancement is having four video monitor stations, along with the use of tablets, that will allow officials to review any rules discrepancies on the course to reach conclusions immediately.
That might have made it a lot easier on Dustin Johnson — and everyone else — last year at Oakmont.
Johnson's golf ball moved slightly as they stepped in for a 3-foot par putt on the fifth hole. They didn't think they caused it to move, called in the walking referee and no penalty was assessed. But when the USGA saw video, officials thought there might be a penalty.
They told Johnson when they were on the 12th tee, saying they might be penalized and they could review it after the round. That would have been fine except that it was the final round. Johnson played the last seven holes not knowing if they would be penalized, and thus not knowing the score.
It was a major gaffe, saved only by Johnson playing so well that they had a four-shot lead when they birdied the final hole to win the U.S. Open. After meeting with officials, they were given a one-shot penalty that affected only the margin of victory, not the name on the trophy.
The USGA has a five-member rules committee led by Thomas Pagel, the senior director of rules. Pagel will be the chief referee for the U.S. Open, who can make immediate decisions that would stand.
A repeat of the Johnson incident is unlikely this year, and not just because the greens at Erin Hills are nowhere near as fast as Oakmont's putting surfaces. The USGA introduced a local rule last year that if a golf ball or marker moves accidentally, the player puts it back without penalty.
Having video more readily available for review should help avoid uncertainty.
Bodenhamer said the rules committee — not always the player, in some cases — would be able to look at the video and quickly decide whether it's a penalty.
It was the most significant change for a U.S. Open that is desperate to have a smooth tournament. The previous year at Chambers Bay, the grass on the greens was starting to die before the U.S. Open began and at times on the weekend, players were putting through what amounted to matted dirt.
Jordan Spieth won when Johnson, needing a 12-foot eagle putt to win, three-putted for par to finish second. They missed a 4-foot birdie putt on the bumpy green.
Part of that could be attributed to weather in the Pacific Northwest that week.
As for Oakmont a year ago, that was a breakdown in communication and delivering the ruling at the right time.
“We not only learned from it, but we made changes,” USGA executive director Mike Davis said. “And I think that's the way you have to approach anything that doesn't go right: ‘How can we make it better? How can we make sure it doesn't happen in the future?'”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Sony Corp (6758.T) on Friday reported a nearly four-fold jump in third-quarter operating profit on growing demand for its image sensors, and raised its full-year earnings outlook.
The electronics firm posted an operating profit of 350.8 billion yen (2.24 billion pounds) for the October-December quarter, up from 92.4 billion yen a year ago. That was Sony's highest third-quarter profit ever and far above a consensus estimate of 240.8 billion yen from 10 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Sony raised its profit forecast for the year ending March to 720 billion yen from 630 billion yen, its best ever in its 72-year-old history.
That compared with a consensus estimate of 680.93 billion yen from 23 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Earlier in the day, Sony said that CEO Kazuo Hirai would be replaced by CFO Kenichiro Yoshida, effective April 1.
PRINCETON, N.J. — Desmond Cambridge scored 32 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer in overtime, to lift Brown to a 102-100 win over Princeton on Saturday night.
Trailing by two after a pair of free throws from Princeton's Myles Stephens, Brown (10-9, 3-3 Ivy League) took the lead for good with Cambridge's seventh 3-pointer of the game to make it 101-100 with five seconds left in overtime. Brandon Anderson set the final score with a free throw and clinched the win by rebounding their own missed second shot from the line.
Cambridge forced overtime with a pair of free throws at the end of regulation to tie the game at 90, and finished 10 for 16 from the field. They missed just two of their nine shots from long range and hauled in nine rebounds. Anderson had 25 points, including 12 for 13 from the free-throw line, Obi Okolie had 15 points and Zach Hunsaker scored 11 for Brown, which shot 58 per cent and snapped a two-game skid.
Princeton (11-9, 3-2) got 27 points from Devin Cannady, who led five Tigers in double figures. It marked the first time in program history that Princeton has had two triple-digit games in a single season.
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Your cellphone puts the world at your fingertips, but it can wreak havoc with your neck. There's even a name for the pain you get when looking down at your screen -- "text neck" -- and it can cause problems along the entire length of your spine.
Bending your head forward multiplies the amount of weight your neck muscles need to support. Normally your neck supports the 10 pounds that your head weighs, but when bending forward it may need to support the equivalent of 60 pounds.
The following tips from the University of California's Ergonomics Injury Prevention Program can help.
Find the best angle. The best viewing angle is a bit below eye level, so remember to adjust the way you hold your phone.
Give it a rest. Being constantly bent over looking at your screen or contorting yourself to view your smartphone from different angles can cause problems. Take frequent breaks and use that time to stretch your neck, shoulders and back.
Make adjustments. Your smartphone comes with myriad ways to adjust how you use it. Learn how to change the settings for font size, contrast and brightness to make it easier to see the screen -- that helps to avoid eye strain, which can lead to headaches.
How you hold your phone also makes a difference. You should frequently change the way you grip your phone. And alternate typing between your index fingers and thumbs to reduce pain from repetitive thumb movement.
Don't overlook the large number of ways you can talk on your smartphone without holding it. Remember that you can give your hands a break by using a hands-free option like the speakerphone or dictation options.
More information
For more on how to avoid neck problems, visit the University of California's Ergonomics Injury Prevention Program.
-- HealthDay staff Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Depictions of the future in books and film are usually influenced by what's going on at the time, reflecting social malaise, impending armageddon, or economic anxieties. The robots in classic sci-fi usually resembled humans, as most authors assumed they would eventually assist us in the same tasks humans did.
Instead, however, today we find artificial intelligence doing some of our thinking for us, but it's more often solving problems that don't need intervention from self-contained humanoid robots. The promise of autonomous robots that matched our abilities has given way to a more specific focus on tasks that are fulfilled by armies of smaller bots controlled by machine learning and algorithms running in the cloud. Their scope is more complex, but a lot less dramatic than, say, Forbidden Planet's Robby the Robot, or the replicants from Blade Runner.
Further Reading Pizza, the unsung agent of the robot revolution Further Reading The AI that (almost) lets you speak to the dead Not so long ago Ars Technica looked at the uses of robotics in retail and the range of different approaches, from wheeling shelves around giant Amazon warehouses, to Domino's forthcoming airborne pizza drones. The response to that story was very positive, so we decided that would follow up with another piece that dives even deeper into the world of automation. The first story focused on what is being done with automation; now we're going to look at how you build an automated system.
Table of Contents
Why automate?
The assumption is that, despite the large amount of effort and cost of designing and deploying an automated system, the end result will be worth it—that the automated system does the job better and cheaper than before.
Automation is faster than the human alternative. Even if a bot is slower in absolute terms, it doesn't suffer from fatigue, makes fewer mistakes, and can work 24/7 to make up for any tardiness. Furthermore, unlike hard automation, robots are adaptable and can be taught new tricks.
This sounds satisfactory enough, but off-the-shelf robotics will inevitably present shortcomings for those who truly want to exploit magnificent machine-learning algorithms in real-world settings. Factors such as a robot's physical design may be less than ideal for a specific environment, or the sensing and control mechanism might be not be suitable for the intended workflow.
The choices faced by any big firm that wants to go robotic, or indeed a solo inventor who wants to craft the first Cylon, are stark: redesign an existing system to try and suit your needs, or build a new one yourself. Customising someone else's robots is cheaper, but it's necessarily a compromise, and done poorly, could totally undermine the advantages and efficiencies that come from automation.
So just how hard is it to build an army of robots from the ground up?
That's a good question to put to Ocado's CTO Paul Clarke, whose division Ocado Technology, in partnership with Ocado Engineering, is developing robots that will one day allow for fully autonomous warehouses. Ars was invited to take a closer, exclusive look at the company's homegrown robots that are currently live-trialling at its new Andover facility.
Robots, Clarke explains, are one part of a grocery retail enterprise that manages incoming goods in warehouses known as “customer fulfilment centres” (CFCs), and ferries them around to human pickers, who process orders by placing items in separate baskets to make up customer orders. Customer baskets then end up in a van and are put out for delivery.
One day the human basket-fillers will be joined by robots equipped with compliant, human-like grippers (Ocado is involved with the EU's SoMa project), and some of the vans may be replaced with autonomous delivery vehicles, and all of these robots will be tended to by humanoid SecondHands robots that wander the CFC floor looking for machines in need of maintenance… but we're not quite there yet.
For now, the focus is on building a hive of thousands of custom-built robots that bring products to the humans, optimising their behaviour, and reliably communicating with them, so that they don't have another Rogue Robot Situation on their hands.
But we're getting ahead of ourselves. Before you raise an army, particularly a robotic one, you need to define the army's operational theatre. Furthermore, you have to work out how the army will behave within that arena, and how it will physically go about achieving its goals. To do all that, the first step is collecting and analysing a lot of data.
Speech to Text for Illinois Teacher shortages
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
[b15]il schools fight teacher shortage-lklive that includes illinois too.. news 10's lacey clifton has more on a measure aimed at fixing this issue. "i'm here in paris illinois, where today i spoke with the school superintendent about the new law that governor bruce rauner signed last friday. it has to do with education, and hopes to curb the teacher shortage in illinois." education officials say one in five open teaching jobs goes unfilled. that's because of strict license requirements. but illinois' new law could help get more teachers in the classroom. it lets educators with out-of-state licenses that are similair to illinois' be qualified to teach. another benefit of the new law-- is it raises the number of days a retired teacher can substitute from 100-- to 120 days. the drawback? a recent study shows over half of school districts struggle to find substitutes. paris schools superintendent jeremy larson says they have some high quality subs lined up for this school year. but-- the extra days granted by the new law doesn't make the teacher shortage go away. "i'd feel confident putting my own kids into those classrooms. but at the same time, it's not a long-term solution. and so i feel like we have it covered for the first 120 days, but it's figuring out what we're going to do from that point on." "local educators want to remind you that if you'd like to see change, it starts with you. you have to contact your illinois lawmakers and let them know what changes you'd like to see in education. reporting in paris, illlinois, i'm lacey clifton for news 10." the vigo county fairgrounds are starting to take shape for the big event
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
THE SIX NATIONS kicks off today and so too does TV3′s new coverage of the old tournament.
Through the years, RTÉ treated us to many goosebump-inducing montages typically featuring slo-mo rugby action, Paul O'Connell speeches and Sigor Ros tunes.
TV3 will start their Six Nations era with this promo, before the France v Ireland game, this afternoon:
The Chinese government is complaining about Trump's aggressive stance on North Korea, but its implementation of U.S.-drafted sanctions Monday suggests it is in fact going along with the U.S. effort.
The Trump administration secured a major victory this month when China declined to use its veto at the U.N. Security Council and voted for strict sanctions against North Korea's exports—after it had voiced opposition to using sanctions. The sanctions will slash a third of North Korea's $3 billion exports.
advertisement
Before the vote, China had indicated they would not support sanctions. U.N. Ambassador Liu Jieyi said that China did not support an “economic blockade,” and scolded the U.S. for being one of two parties that “refuse to move towards what is required by Security Council resolutions.” Days later, China voted for the U.S.-drafted resolution.
But in an apparent toughening of their stance, President Xi Jinping warned Trump over the weekend to exercise “restraint” over their language in relation to North Korea.
“At present, relevant parties should exercise restraint and avoid words and actions that would escalate tensions on the Korean Peninsula,” Xi said, according to the statement provided by China's government.
However, despite the warning and amid concerns that China would approve the North Korea resolution but not actually follow through with it, China's Commerce Ministry on Monday announced that China would ban imports of coal, iron, iron ore, lead ore, lead and seafood from North Korea—fulfilling China's implementation of one of the key pillars of the U.N. resolution.
Even with that, the Chinese seemed reluctant, with Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi telling Xinhua state news agency, “Given China's traditional economic links with the DPRK, it is China that will mainly pay the price for the implementation of (the sanctions).”
Meanwhile, the state-controlled Global Times published a furious op-ed criticizing Trump on both North Korea and their reported decision to push for an investigation of China's trade practices. The op-ed urged China to “turn its passivity around”:
The US frequently sends warships to patrol the South China Sea, and now it's ramping up trade pressure on China. China should turn its passivity around. China will not act as an aggressive provocateur, but we should make Washington realize that China is not the one to be messed around with.
However, there was no sign of such a turning around from Beijing as it enforced the sanctions well within the 30-day limit set by the U.S.-drafted resolution.
Trump has taken an unusually hard line on China and had been outspoken in their disappointment that China had not worked with the U.S. to clamp down on North Korea.
The communist country's recent backing down on North Korea may have something to do with Trump's connecting of trade with the crisis in North Korea.
The Global Times blasted Trump for doing exactly that, calling the linking of the two “illogical.”
Adam Shaw is a Breitbart News politics reporter based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY
TORONTO — The Bank of Montreal joined its peers in delivering second-quarter profits that beat expectations as Canada's Big Five banks earned a collective $10.6 billion — up nearly 11 per cent from a year ago.
Canada's biggest banks also handily beat analyst estimates for adjusted profits, brushing off concern about the impact of a cooling real estate market amid tighter mortgage lending guidelines.
"The market is in various stages of worry about the outlook for the mortgage market in particular, but the results themselves seem to indicate that a lot of that worry is misplaced," said Meny Grauman, an analyst with Cormark Securities in Toronto.
BMO was the last of the biggest banks to report its earnings for three-month period ended April 30 on Wednesday.
Its second-quarter net profit of $1.25 billion was relatively flat compared with a year ago, but included a $192-million after-tax restructuring charge primarily related to severance costs. Canada's fourth-largest lender also raised its quarterly dividend to 96 cents per share, up three cents from 93 cents in its previous quarter.
BMO said it earned $2.20 per share on an adjusted basis for the quarter, up from $1.92 per share a year ago. Analysts on average had expected the bank to earn $2.12 per share, according to Thomson Reuters Eikon.
Like its rivals, BMO benefited from strong earnings on both sides of the border. Its Canadian banking arm saw net income rise 11 per cent to $590 million. And although home sales activity across the country in April hit a monthly low not seen in years, due to factors including a new stress test for uninsured mortgages as of Jan. 1 and higher interest rates, BMO's total Canadian residential mortgage portfolio grew by 2.2 per cent to $106.4 billion in the latest quarter.
"BMO's results this quarter demonstrate strong performance and momentum in our U.S. and Canadian (personal and commercial) banking and wealth businesses," said Darryl White, BMO's chief executive officer, in a statement.
The other Big Five banks generated strong earnings at home as well. TD's Canadian retail division net income was up 17 per cent compared with last year. RBC's Canadian personal and small business banking division reported a seven per cent increase in net income, while Scotiabank's domestic banking division saw a five per cent increase and CIBC's Canadian personal and small business banking division reported a 16 per cent increase in net income.
International growth was a bright spot for the Canadian lenders as well, and a big contributor to the $10.6 billion in net income attributable to shareholders amongst them during the quarter.
Research points to North Korean nuclear testing
North Korea has recently initiated testing at one of its nuclear reactor sites in Yongbyon, according to a new report from Jane's by IHS Markit.
The report, which first appeared in Jane's Intelligence Review, analyses a range of commercially available satellite imagery from 2017 and 2018, and concludes that preliminary testing of North Korea's experimental light water reactor (ELWR) at the Yongbyon Atomic Energy Research Centre has likely begun.
The analysis used DigitalGlobe imagery from 25 February to identify an emission rising from the ELWR's stack that implies testing of the machinery at the site.
The stack is intended to vent non-condensable gases from the reactor's primary circuit, and – given that this is the first observation of such activity – it is likely that North Korea is testing the flow path for non-condensables for future operations.
The ELWR was structurally completed in 2013 and is optimised for civilian electricity production, but has yet to become operational. It also has “dual-use” potential and can be modified to produce material for nuclear weapons such as plutonium and tritium.
Jane's conclusion that preliminary testing of the ELWR likely began in late February follows on from its observation of numerous indicators of increased activity at the ELWR that were visible throughout 2017.
This increased activity – the emplacement of a three-phase power line, a construction and dredging project to supply cooling water to the ELWR's cooling intake cisterns, and significant movement of vehicles and personnel – was identified by analysts at Stanford University's Center for International Security and Cooperation (CISAC) working on a report that was shared for publication in Jane's Intelligence Review.
With the ELWR test programme now likely to be under way, the reactor itself could become operational with little warning later in 2018 or in 2019, the Jane's report said.
Given the current lack of international inspections, it is currently not possible to assess with a high degree of confidence whether the ELWR will fulfil a civilian electricity generation function, or whether it will be diverted to produce weapons-grade fissile material. Further monitoring of the type and cadence of activity at the site is likely to reveal clues about North Korea's ultimate intentions.
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
4:34 Dabo Swinney takes the blame for Clemson's loss to Pitt
4:27 Clemson DC Brent Venables breaks down Ohio State's offense
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) - The San Jose Sharks were able to pull out a win despite struggling to shake the Vancouver Canucks.
Timo Meier's second goal of the game snapped a third-period tie and the Sharks won 5-3 on Saturday night for their fourth consecutive victory.
Logan Couture and Kevin Labanc each had a goal and an assist, and Tomas Hertl scored into an empty net with 25 seconds remaining for the Sharks, who are 7-2-0 in their last nine games.
"We weren't at our best," said Couture, who also had an assist. "They're a team in a position where they are rebuilding, but they played hard. They gave us a challenge. It was tough, but we gutted out the win."
Nikolay Goldobin, Alex Edler and Bo Horvat scored power-play goals and Sam Gagner had two assists for the Canucks, who lost their sixth consecutive game - their longest losing streak of the season.
"Our battle level was good," Canucks captain Henrik Sedin said. "The power play stepped up when it needed to. You score three on the power play and you should win in this league. It's tough to lose again in the third. That's the difference between teams that are in the playoffs and teams that are outside."
Goldobin's goal at 10:48 of the first period snapped a scoreless streak of 222 minutes, 57 minutes for the Canucks, who had been shut out in three consecutive losses.
The Sharks had allowed just two power-play goals in their previous 17 games, but gave up three against Vancouver. The only other time San Jose allowed three power-play goals in a game was in an opening-night loss to Philadelphia.
"Our kill wasn't very good," Couture said. "We were running around. Our sticks weren't good. We were getting outbattled and then they got a few lucky breaks. The kill needs to be better going forward."
Aaron Dell, making their first start since Feb. 22, made 28 saves for the Sharks.
"It was a huge, gutsy performance," San Jose coach Peter DeBoer said. "We let them back in the game and still found a way to rebound. It's a tough time of year to win, no matter whose building you are going into. To have a trip like that, at this time of year, is critical."
Vancouver's Jacob Markstrom stopped 25 shots.
"I was awful today," Markstrom said. "I have to be better."
Meier put the Sharks ahead at 6:07 of the third with a shot from the faceoff circle that went under Markstrom's blocker. The Canucks came close with just over six minutes left, but Hertl scooped a loose puck off the goal line.
Vancouver scored twice with the man-advantage in the second period to tie the game at 3.
The Sharks took a 3-1 lead just 1:47 into the period when Meier tipped in Brenden Dillion's shot from the point.
Horvat started Vancouver's comeback, scoring just 6 seconds into a power play. Dell stopped Gagner's slap shot but Horvat jammed home the rebound. Edler tied it with a blast from the point at 11:48. It was their first power-play goal in 88 games dating to Feb. 17, 2017.
The Sharks scored 1:10 apart in the first period to erase a 1-0 deficit.
Goldobin opened the scoring when they took a pass from defenseman Derrick Pouilot and snapped a shot from the face-off circle that sailed over Dell's shoulder. The San Jose goalie was screened by Jake Virtanen.
Labanc tied it on a power play at 14:48. Joe Pavelski's shot was stopped by Markstrom, but they managed to get their own rebound and passed it to Labanc at the side of the net.
The Sharks went ahead on Couture's 29th of the season at 16:08. They took a feed from Hertl, fought off a check by Virtanen and chipped the puck past Markstrom.
NOTES: Defenseman Chris Tanev returned to Vancouver lineup for their first game since breaking their leg Feb. 8 against Tampa Bay. ... San Jose center Melker Karlsson went to the dressing favoring their right leg early in the first period after blocking a shot. ... San Jose's Marc-Edouard Vlasic left in the second period after being hit in the chest by a puck. ... The Canucks' franchise record for a scoring drought is 234 minutes, 52 seconds, set March 16-24, 2016. ... The longest goal drought by a team in the expansion era is 262 minutes, 3 seconds, set by the Minnesota North Stars from Jan. 28-Feb. 6, 1988.
UP NEXT
Sharks: vs. New Jersey on Tuesday night.
Canucks: at Vegas on Tuesday night.
Jonathan Fleming says Rapsican Systems security techologies have been used from war zones to Super Bowls, and this week's golf tournament is no exception. (Photo Source: WLOX)
For company president Jonathan Fleming, the world is a dangerous place, and getting more so every day.
“In Belgium, in Paris, in Las Vegas and so the threat has definitely changed and with that, comes a necessity for technology to detect some of those threats," Fleming explained.
That technology goes well beyond metal detectors.
They said, “We have capabilities of scanning vehicles for example, to look at threats inside of vehicles or inside of vehicle trunks, or the body of the vehicle itself. We have detection systems that can look into bags that are left behind or boxes that are left behind.”
The protection doesn't end on the ground. Drones now play a major role, according to Fleming.
“We fly over an event or fly over an facility looking for traces of radioactive material. We have walk through portals that look for radioactive material. We have backpacks that people can wear through a large event," they described.
Those events include the Olympics and Super Bowls, and so much more. “We've deployed technologies into war zones, into high threat environments, into government facility operations. We do turn-key border security and port security," said Fleming.
The company has solid plans to protect the golf tournament. “The security is what you would expect," they said. "Walk through metal detectors, x-ray machines, some trace detection. Very quick, very efficient to be able to identify and prohibited items that someone might bring with them.”
The biggest challenge for Fleming is providing protection without being overbearing.
“We don't want to put a barrier between them and the event they want to attend and the good time they want to have, but at the same time keeps them safe," they noted. "Finding that balance is probably really the most difficult and dangerous element of what we do, getting that balance right every day.”
Rapiscan Systems is worth about $1.5 billion dollars and the company employs more than 6,000 people.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
PARIS, April 28 UK hedge fund TCI Fund Management renewed pressure on France's Safran to drop plans to buy Zodiac Aerospace after the aircraft seats maker issued the second profit warning in as many months and posted a first-half operating loss.
"These are disastrous results from Zodiac yet again... Zodiac's business continues to implode with no sign of recovery," TCI founder Christopher Hohn said.
"Zodiac is in serious financial difficulty and we think it needs an emergency rights issue, which would cause the Zodiac share price to fall substantially," they said in an emailed statement, adding that the appointment of a new special board adviser was a distraction from the company's problems.
TCI has waged a public campaign to persuade Safran to cancel its proposed $9 billion offer for Zodiac, which it says would significantly overpay for the company. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Andrew Callus)
The next step on Volkswagen's SUV growth plan is a five-seat, two-row version of the Atlas. VW confirmed today that the new model will be built at the company's plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and that a concept version will be shown later this month at the New York Auto Show. While a name has not been confirmed, VW described the new model as an, "Atlas variant."
That Volkswagen wanted to offer even more SUVs in the U.S. market was widely known. A report in December said as much, and at the Chicago Auto Show we heard that Volkswagen planned to add two more SUVs alongside the Atlas and Tiguan.
The new Volkswagen SUV will also be built on the MQB modular chassis, as is the case with the Atlas and Tiguan. The company says it was specifically, “designed and engineered for the American market.” As this teaser image of the concept shows, the design language will basically match the regular Atlas, with a wide horizontal grille and rectangular headlights at either side.
It's possible the new five-seat model will be a little shorter in length than the existing seven-passenger Atlas, and that it might have a more affordable entry point. The smaller Volkswagen Tiguan is offered with either five or seven seats depending on configuration. Adding more choices is a surefire way to draw in customers, given increasing buyer preference for SUVs of all shapes and sizes. On the other hand, VW will not bring the new Touareg to the U.S. market.
“The Atlas has built strong momentum for Volkswagen in the SUV segment, and we are excited to grow our SUV portfolio with this new, Chattanooga-assembled, five-passenger SUV,” Hinrich Woebcken, CEO of Volkswagen North American Region, said in a statement.
Last month, SUVs accounted for 54 percent of Volkswagen's U.S. sales, as the Atlas and Tiguan continue to draw in more buyers. They were the brand's first and second best-selling models last month, respectively.
VW will invest $340 million to prepare the Chattanooga plant to build the new SUV. The factory already builds the Atlas and the Passat sedan.
Source: Volkswagen
7:13 I-85 Roadway Collapse - Press Conference 3-31-17 Pause
1:32 Large fire causes Georgia highway overpass collapse
3:26 United passenger attorney: Airlines have bullied us, and Dao is 'the guy to stand up for passengers'
1:42 Man yells 'Trump' at Starbucks employee in Miami area
3:20 Doolittle Raiders take to the sky 60 years after historic battle
1:13 Sindarius Thornwell throws out first pitch prior to USC-Vandy
0:34 Making Final Four special for Dozier family
1:15 Eggstravaganza
6:28 'A big relief': Chad Holbrook reacts after win over Mississippi State
Did you expect anything less from Christina Aguilera?
The pop star joined James Corden in the latest "Carpool Karaoke" segment and naturally, the two did quite a lot of signing.
In fact, commenters pointed out that this was the first time a guest actually outsang Corden. But really, who would ever try to compete with Xtina's insane vocal range?
XTina belted out their classic singles "Fighter," "Beautiful" and "Genie in a Bottle," which came complete with the genie hands dance move
At one point, Melissa McCarthy popped up in the backseat to sing Redman's verse during "Dirrty" and nailed it without missing a beat. Who knew they had it in her?
Corden also chatted Xtina up about their time in the Mickey Mouse Club with costars Britney Spears, Justin Timberlake and Ryan Gosling.
They revealed that they "wasn't on the Gosling" train but that they did have a crush on Brit-Brit.
“She must be regretting that,” Corden quipped. “No, they got Justin! They were a big ol ' couple," Xtina said with a laugh.
"Yeah, and we know how that ended," Corden retorted. Sadly, yes we do.
When Corden asked if Xtina was on the Timberlake train (uhm, who wasn't?) Xtina began stuttering their words. So.... we'll take that as a yes?
That would explain the decade-long feud between Brit-Brit and Xtina, though.
Watch the video below:
Read more: The battle to ban plastic bags
Recently, Prince Edward Island took the big step to announce new legislation to make it the first province to ban SUP shopping bags. Seattle is the first major U.S. city to ban the use of plastic drinking straws.
Government support
Canada is planning to adopt a zero-waste strategy, and we recently heard more about these details in the non-binding G7 Ocean Plastics Charter, which was agreed to by five of the seven participating nations and the European Union (EU). However, neither the United States nor Japan signed the voluntary agreement.
National and international organizations have also made recent announcements about how to reduce and improve recycling, but all have committed to widely varying timelines to achieve these goals.
Read more: An international plastics treaty could avert a 'Silent Spring' for our seas
For example, the United Nations Environment Programme (with support from 42 governments), declared a fight against plastics, announcing their global Clean Seas campaign in 2017 to eliminate major sources of marine debris by 2022.
The following year, the European Commission (EC) adopted the first Europe-wide strategy on plastics, aiming for all plastic packaging in the EU to be reusable or recyclable — but not until 2030.
Lagging behind the international community, the United Kingdom announced it will eliminate “avoidable” plastic waste by 2042 — almost a generation away!
Meanwhile, Canada has also been soliciting comments and ideas on ways to reduce plastic pollution and improve recycling.
Corporations lead the way
With governments setting unambitious targets, it seems that large corporations are now showing leadership by listening to consumers who are demanding less SUPs in their packing and food containers.
Recently, McDonald's announced that it would replace plastic straws with paper ones in all of its U.K. and Ireland restaurants, as of September 2018. This strategy may soon be rolled out in other jurisdictions. IKEA has also committed to eliminating all SUP products from its home furnishing range by 2020, including plastic straws, plates, cups, freezer bags, garbage bags and plastic-coated paper plates and cups.
Why has it taken so long to tackle this wicked problem?
Sure, the plastics industry has something to lose, and maybe governments also lack the will and technology to make the transition sooner?
But time is running out.
I'm just glad that the Romans invented viaducts and straight roads instead of SUPs, as we likely wouldn't be here today if they had. Giving up a plastic straw, stirrer or bag might not be so bad after all.
If I have to choose between “Planet or Plastic”, I know which I'll pick. What about you?
Tony Robert Walker, Assistant Professor, Dalhousie University
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
When you google "weight loss" the challenge to sort fact from fiction begins.
These five supplements claim to speed up weight loss, but let's see what the evidence says.
1. Raspberry ketones
Raspberry ketones, sold as weight loss tablets, are chemicals found in red raspberries responsible for that distinct raspberry flavour and smell. You can also make raspberry ketones in a lab.
A study in obese rats found raspberry ketones reduced their total body fat content.
In one study, 70 adults with obesity were put on a weight loss diet and exercise program, and randomised to take a supplement containing either raspberry ketones, or other supplements such as caffeine or garlic, or a placebo.
Only 45 participants completed the study. The 27 who took a supplement lost about 1.9 kilos, compared to 400 grams in the 18 in the placebo group. The drop-out rate was so high that these results need to be interpreted with a lot of caution.
A small pilot study of five adults found no effect on weight when the participants were told to maintain their current eating and exercise patterns and just took supplements of 200 milligrams/day of raspberry ketones.
Concerns have been raised about potential toxic effects of raspberry ketones on the heart and for reproduction.
Verdict: Fiction! Leave the raspberry ketone supplements on the shelf. Spend your money on foods that contain them, including fresh berries, kiwifruit, peaches, grapes, apples and rhubarb.
2. Matcha green tea powder
Matcha is a green tea made from leaves of the Camellia sinensis, or tea plant, but it's processed into a green powder and can be mixed into liquids or food.
Before the leaves are harvested, the tea plant is put in the shade for a few weeks, which increases the content of theanine and caffeine.
No studies have tested the effect of matcha on weight loss. A review of six studies using green tea preparations for weight loss over 12 weeks found a difference based on country. In studies conducted outside of Japan, people consuming green tea did not lose more weight than controls.
In the eight studies conducted within Japan, the mean weight loss ranged from 200 grams to 3.5 kilos in favour of green tea preparations.
Verdict: Fiction! There are currently no studies testing whether matcha tea accelerates weight loss.
3. Garcinia cambogia supplements
Garcinia cambogia is a tropical fruit that contains a large amount of Hydroxycitric Acid (HCA), claimed to aid weight loss.
In animal studies, HCA interferes with usual production of fatty acids. If this was transferred to humans it could theoretically make it harder to metabolise fat and speed up weight loss. Research studies in humans show this is not the case.
While one 12-week trial in overweight women randomised them to a low kilojoule diet, with or without HCA and found the HCA group lost significantly more weight (3.7 compared to 2.4 kilograms for placebo), two other trials found no difference in weight loss.
A 12-week trial in 135 men and women found no difference in weight loss between the HCA group (3.2 kilograms ) and the placebo group (4.1 kilograms).
A ten-week trial in 86 men and women who were overweight and randomised to take either Garcinia cambogia extract or placebo, but were not also put on a weight-loss diet, found minimal weight loss of 650 grams versus 680 grams, with no difference between groups.
Verdict: Fiction! Garcinia cambogia does not accelerate weight loss.
4. Caffeine supplements
Caffeine is claimed to increase your metabolic rate and therefore speed up weight loss.
Research studies in volunteers of a healthy weight found an increase in metabolic rate, but it depended on the dose. The more caffeine supplements consumed, the more the metabolic rate went up.
The lowest caffeine dose of 100 milligrams, the amount in one instant coffee, increased the average metabolic rate by nine calories per hour, while the 400 milligrams dose, which is roughly equivalent to the caffeine found in two to three cups of barista-made coffee, increased metabolic rate by about 34 calories per hour over three hours.
When adults with obesity were given caffeine supplements at a dose of 8 milligrams per kilo of body weight, there was an increase in metabolic rate of about 16 percent for up to three hours.
In a study in which adults with obesity were asked to follow a weight-loss diet, then randomised to receive either 200 milligrams of caffeine supplements three times a day for 24 weeks or a placebo supplement, there was no difference in weight change between groups.
For the first eight weeks, the group taking caffeine supplements experienced side-effects of insomnia, tremor and dizziness.
Verdict: Fiction! While caffeine does speed up the body's metabolic rate in the short-term, it does not speed up weight loss.
5. Alkaline water
Alkalising products are promoted widely. These include alkaline water, alkalising powders and alkaline diets.
You're supposed to measure the acidity of your urine and/or saliva to "assess" body acidity level. Urine usually has a slightly acidic pH (average is about pH6) – vegetables and fruit make it more alkaline, while eating meat makes it less so.
Saliva has a neutral pH of 7. Alkaline diets recommend you modify what you eat based on your urine or saliva pH, claiming a more alkaline pH helps digestion, weight loss and well-being.
But your stomach is highly acidic at a pH less than 3.5, with this acid helping breakdown food. It then moves into the small bowel for digestion and absorption where the pH increases to 4.5 - 5.0, which is still acidic.
Your body has finely controlled pH balancing mechanisms to make sure your blood pH stays between 7.35 - 7.45. If it did not, you would die.
On the positive side, alkaline diets encourage healthier eating by promoting plant based foods such as fruit and vegetables.
There is some evidence lower intakes of foods of animal origin that contribute to acid load are associated with better long-term health.
Verdict: Fiction! There is no scientific evidence to support alkaline water or powders speeding up weight loss.
Clare Collins, Professor in Nutrition and Dietetics, University of Newcastle; Lee Ashton, Postdoctoral research fellow, University of Newcastle, and Rebecca Williams, Postdoctoral Researcher, University of Newcastle.
This article was originally published by The Conversation. Read the original article.
(Adds macroeconomic and political context)
BUENOS AIRES, March 30 Argentine industrial production fell 6.0 percent in February versus the same month last year, national statistics agency Indec said on Thursday, marking the 13th straight month of shrinking output.
The Argentine economy grew in the second half of 2016 after shrinking for three straight quarters, official data shows. But industrial production has remained weak, falling 1.1 percent year-on-year in January after a 4.6 percent decline in full-year 2016 versus 2015.
Mauricio Macri, the free markets advocate who won the presidency in 2015 following more than a decade of heavy government intervention in the economy, wants the recovery to gain enough momentum to boost their flagging approval ratings ahead of key congressional elections in October. (Reporting by Hugh Bronstein; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Sandra Maler)
'Kararating ko lang. Hindi ko pa alam kung ilang years ba 'yung kwan,' the visibly fazed top cop tells reporters, when asked why they favored an extension of martial rule in Mindanao
Published 5:11 PM, December 12, 2017
Was the chief of the Philippine National Police (PNP) not informed, or did they simply forget?
It could also be a case of jetlag.
At a news briefing on Tuesday, December 12, PNP chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa could not recall the time period that the PNP had recommended for the extension of martial law in Mindanao.
They were asked about it just a day after President Rodrigo Duterte took the advice of the PNP and the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP), and asked Congress for one more year of martial law in Mindanao.
"Kararating ko lang, Henry. Hindi ko pa alam kung ilang years ba 'yung kwan (I just arrived. I do not know how many years [we recommended])," a visibly fazed Dela Rosa replied when dzMM radio reporter Henry Atuelan asked them why the PNP was in favor of extending military rule.
Dela Rosa had just come back from a trip to New York City, where they attended an anti-terrorism conference. They went abroad on December 4 and was supposed to have returned just that day.
The PNP submitted its recommendation to Malacañang for a one-year martial law extension on December 7, while its chief was abroad. The Department of the Interior and Local Government endorsed the recommendation.
The PNP chief then got back on their feet and said in the news briefing that the threat of terrorism remained in Mindanao. (READ: Duterte names obscure terrorist to justify extended martial law)
"'Yung threat of terrorism really is it's not that simple, very complicated. Kahit na patay na lahat ng mga miyembro ng Maute-ISIS, still nandiyan pa rin ang ideology," said Dela Rosa, echoing Duterte.
(The threat of terrorism really is not that simple, it's very complicated. Even though all members of the Maute-ISIS are dead, the ideology remains.)
Dela Rosa added that terrorists have also intensified their recruitment online, using underground social media sites to add members among their ranks as they regroup and prepare to attack again.
The Marawi siege, the basis for the declaration of martial law in Mindanao, was declared over on October 17 after more than 5 months of fighting that reduced much of Marawi City to rubble.
The government has since shifted to rehabilitation. The police and the military cited the need for an extension of martial law in the region to speed up the recovery efforts. – Rappler.com
JOHANNESBURG, Feb 2 (Reuters) - All the miners trapped underground at Sibanye-Stillwater's Beatrix gold mine in South Africa have been brought to the surface, local television station eNCA reported on Friday. Over 1,000 miners were stuck underground on Thursday after a storm knocked out power. (Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
People could save thousands of tons of recyclable materials from going to landfill by avoiding the country's biggest recycling mistakes, according to an expert.
Takeaway pizza boxes, crisp packets and metallic wrapping paper are among the items you should not put in your recycling bins, says Harsha Rathnayake of rubbish removers www.junkhunters.co.uk
They have now compiled a list of the things Brits are most likely to mistake for being recyclable.
Putting the wrong things in the recycling bin can cause cross contamination, causing the entire lot to be rejected and sent to landfill.
Glass and paper are particularly troublesome, as they are often assumed to be recyclable in all their forms.
In fact, there are several types of glass and paper products that either cannot be recycled, or must not be put into a household wheelie bin.
Many people are not aware that pizza boxes cannot be recycled if they are stained with grease.
Crisp packets are also a bugbear for would-be recyclers, as they are often mistaken for foil but are in fact a metallised plastic that is not recyclable.
Metallic or glittery wrapping paper should not be recycled either, as it contains non-paper additives.
Advice from Junk Hunters on how to recognise recyclable materials includes the “scrunch test” for metallised plastic or unsuitable paper.
To see whether a substance really is foil or paper, scrunch it in your hand – if it stays squashed then it is recyclable and if it springs back it is not.
Mr Rathnayake, who founded Junk Hunters, said: “It's absolutely devastating to think of all these loads of rubbish that could have been recycled but have to be wasted in landfill because they've been unknowingly contaminated.
“Paper especially is a hotbed for mistakes, as it is usually very recyclable but there are some exceptions such as pizza boxes, shiny or glittery gift wrapping and wallpaper.
“Most people do want to recycle as much of their rubbish as possible, and the truth is it's very easy to do it properly if you just familiarise yourself with a few of the most common mistakes.”
The top ten biggest recycling mistakes
1. Pizza boxes
They may be made of cardboard and you may even have brushed off the food crumbs. But paper that is stained with grease or food can't be recycled, including baking paper. Home-made pizza tastes better anyway.
2. Crisp packets
They're shiny and look like foil, but they're metallised plastic and are not recyclable. The scrunch test will confirm whether something is recyclable foil or not.
3. Glittery or metallic wrapping paper
Again, the scrunch test is your friend when disposing of gift wrapping, and don't put the ribbons in there either.
4. Tissue and kitchen roll
The cardboard tube is recyclable, but not the soiled tissue or sheets. Recycled paper needs to be clean.
5. Wallpaper/paintings
Paper strikes again. Recyclable paper cannot be paint-stained, and the colouring used on wallpaper means it can't go into the recycling bin.
6. Wet wipes
Wet wipes, baby wipes, cosmetic wipes – they're not recyclable and they're not flushable either, whatever the packaging claims. Put them in the rubbish bin.
7. Polystyrene
This should not go in your recycling bin, although your council might accept it at a recycling centre.
8. Light bulbs
They're a different glass to your jars and bottles, plus they contain metal. You can take energy efficient bulbs to most recycling centres, and the old style incandescent ones can go in the rubbish bin.
9. Batteries
These frequently find themselves in the recycling, when they shouldn't even be in the general waste collection. They contain harmful metals that can seep into soil and water when put into landfill. Always take your batteries to a battery collection point – and consider switching to rechargeables.
10. Broken glass
It's recyclable, but dangerous, so don't put it in your wheelie bin. If you can handle it safely, you can take it to a recycling centre but you may need to wrap it in newspaper and put it in the rubbish bin.
Masterflow's team of trained technicians offer in-house and on-site pump repair services, with a focus on safety and first-class customer service.
[WETHERILL PARK, 30/5/2018] – Masterflow, a family-owned company specialising in heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems, has a team of trained technicians to perform in-house and on-site repairs. The expert team have undergone extensive training as part of the company's commitment to quality, service and safety.
In-House and On-Site Pump Repairs
With its team of highly skilled technicians, Masterflow provides a reliable and cost-efficient repair service for various industries across Australia. The company offers both in-house and on-site repairs depending on the client's preference and place of convenience.
Masterflow performs its in-house repairs in fully equipped engineering workshops located in the capital and regional cities in Australia. Clients can expect to receive professional service and free expert advice on spares, maintenance and repair costs. The company also offers on-site repairs of pumps, motors and couplings. Apart from repair services, the technicians extend their services to on-site assessments and pump surveys needed for maintenance checks.
Masterflow also has a large inventory of spare parts in its Sydney warehouse. Clients can contact the Service Team for quotations and prompt deliveries.
Masterflow's Commitment to Safety
As part of the company's commitment to safety, Masterflow produces Safe Work Method Statements prior to carrying out on-site operations. The company's technicians all hold ‘White Card' Construction Induction Certificates.
Masterflow's range of services follows a methodical approach, from the inspection of the systems down to the repairs and replacements. The technicians also keep a record of the repairs for future reference.
About Masterflow
Masterflow has been supplying quality HVAC systems and repairs to the industrial sector in Australia. Since 1998, the company has provided a comprehensive range of innovative pumps and HVAC equipment to solve engineering and industrial challenges. Masterflow takes pride in its first-class customer service, wide range of premium products and long-standing industry experience.
To learn more about the company and their range of products and services, visit http://www.masterflow.net.au.
The Ugandan High Commission should be allowed to demolish the former Sandy Hill home of Lester B. Pearson and construct a new office building, the planning committee decided Tuesday.
The committee, in a 9-1-vote, reversed a decision by the built-heritage subcommittee, whose members worried that by allowing demolition of 231 Cobourg St., the city would send the wrong message to owners of aging buildings in heritage districts. The built-heritage subcommittee, made up of councillors and citizens with heritage experience, voted 5-2 against demolition earlier this month.
On Tuesday, councillors saw little point holding up redevelopment on a property where the two-storey building is falling apart.
The high commission wants to replace it with a three-storey building designed by Ten-2-Four Architecture.
Pearson lived in the building between 1955 and 1958 when they were minister of external affairs. They won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1957.
Chad Rollins, president of the Action Sandy Hill community association, asked the planning committee to following the subcommittee's recommendation and block the demolition. They unveiled a report by the auditor general in Uganda that says a consultant in 2013 recommended remedial work to the internal systems and the removal of trees to protect the building's foundation, since the trees were sucking water out of the ground. By 2015, the work hadn't been completed, even though there was $1 million made available for the fixes.
But Robert Martin, the consultant who completed the heritage assessment for the high commission, said they don't think the money was earmarked for a building stabilization program.
There are foundation problems, the walls are cracking and there's mould everywhere.
“The building is literally self-destructing,” Martin said.
David Jeanes, president of Heritage Ottawa, called on the Ugandan government to respect Canada's heritage and asked Ottawa city councillors to save the building. The Wilbrod Laurier heritage conservation district's importance is tied to an association with former prime ministers, Jeanes said.
However, the professional assessments by the high commission's consultants, combined with an independent review commissioned by the city, were too convincing for councillors to ignore. The heritage value of the building isn't enough to justify spending huge amounts for major repairs, the studies suggest. On top of that, the city's own heritage experts have recommended council approve the high commission's demolition and development plan.
Council will make a final decision on May 9.
Councillor settles for pedestrian crossing instead of traffic lights on Lester Road
Coun. Diane Deans will settle for a pedestrian crossing at Lester Road and Meandering Way where a new development is planned.
Deans wanted a new traffic signal installed at the intersection in their Gloucester-Southgate ward, but traffic statistics don't support installing a signal.
Valecraft Homes plans to build 96 street townhomes and 60 stacked apartments at 195 Meandering Brook Dr. The company once considered a signalized intersection but it has since decreased the density and added another access point to development.
As part of a deal with the city, Valecraft has agreed to pay $45,000 to help build a “pedestrian refuge” median on Lester Road, a bus pad on the south side of Lester Road and a pedestrian crossover.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
Graham Lawson was a hero of sorts Monday for their South Carolina baseball teammates.
The sophomore pitcher showed off their fashion sense ahead of the annual Gamecock Gala. That meant bow tie assistance for junior Alex Destino and several of their teammates.
“Thank God for Graham Lawson,” Destino said. “I think he's just got it a little more figured out than we do. They literally held their hand up and was like, ‘If anybody needs help with their tie or bow tie, come here.' ”
South Carolina's 19 athletics programs were celebrated Monday night during the Gamecock Gala held at Colonial Life Arena. Student-athletes traded their athletic duds for the night, dressing up to recognize the academic, athletic and community service accomplishments of the past year.
The men boasted neckties, bow ties or no ties, with an occasional hat or set of suspenders. Dresses and high heels were staples for the women.
Baseball's T.J. Hopkins went with an all blue look. Football's Korey Banks showed off their Air Jordan Olympic 7 shoes. Basketball's Sindarius Thornwell wore pink, green and blue socks that were “amazing,” USC President Harris Pastides declared.
Beach volleyball's Katie Zimmerman and women's soccer's Savannah McCaskill opted for black rompers instead of dresses.
McCaskill, now a senior, recalled being a little nervous at their first Gamecock Gala. That wasn't the case Monday with the Gamecocks coming off an Elite Eight appearance.
“It's a comforting environment,” McCaskill said. “It's not something you have to perform at.”
South Carolina's basketball programs were in the spotlight for their recent runs in the NCAA Tournament. Dawn Staley's Gamecocks were recognized on stage with their national championship trophy. An ice sculpture replica of the trophy was also on display.
Thornwell and A'ja Wilson each earned Athlete of the Year honors.
“There's a lot to celebrate,” Thornwell said.
The Gamecocks' volleyball team was recognized for its 1,609 community outreach hours, breaking a USC record they set a year earlier. Women's soccer All-American Chelsea Drennan earned the prestigious President's Award.
Kicker Elliott Fry was presented by coach Will Muschamp with the Gamecock Inspiration Award, recognizing Fry overcoming the adversity of diabetes.
Quarterback Jake Bentley, who was named USC's New Student-Athlete of the Year, spent the last few days thinking of what they would wear to their first Gamecock Gala. They admitted that college has turned them into a bow-tie guy.
“It's great to have everyone together,” Bentley said. “We always see each other playing our sports, but it's cool to see everybody dressed up and looking nice. Just appreciate how hard everybody works: That's what tonight is about.”
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:27 A'ja Wilson talks about getting dolled up, reveals their USC crush Pause 1:11 Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center 1:10 Sindarius Thornwell supports PJ Dozier NBA decision 1:15 Eggstravaganza 1:03 How Rep. Jim Merrill got wrapped up in the S.C. Corruption Probe 7:13 I-85 Roadway Collapse - Press Conference 3-31-17 3:14 Jake Bentley talks fashion and yoga 0:34 Making Final Four special for Dozier family 3:20 Doolittle Raiders take to the sky 60 years after historic battle 1:32 Large fire causes Georgia highway overpass collapse Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Jake Bentley talks fashion and yoga USC quarterback Jake Bentley, expounds on fashion, bow ties, conditioning and yoga on the "red carpet" at the 2017 Gamecock Gala that was held at Colonial Life Arena Monday for the student-athletes. Tim Dominick tdominick@thestate.com
The U.S. Supreme Court's refusal May 29 to hear Planned Parenthood's challenge of an Arkansas abortion law could allow the Natural State to become the first state to effectively outlaw medication-induced abortions.
“I am thankful for the discernment used by the U.S. Supreme Court to not address this issue,” Sonny Tucker, executive director of the Arkansas Baptist State Convention, told Baptist Press (BP) via email. “The regulation in question is a common sense regulation to protect people from an industry that wants unfettered access to abortion at will, without the normal medical protocol in which other medical professions must abide.”
A 2015 Arkansas law – which requires doctors who provide medication abortions to contract with a specialist with hospital admitting privileges to handle complications – was temporarily blocked by a federal judge in 2016. But a three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned the ruling last year, stating the district judge erred by not determining how many women would be unduly burdened by the law, according to media reports.
The Supreme Court's denial of an appeal by Planned Parenthood of Arkansas and Eastern Oklahoma means the law will take effect in mid-July if no other legal challenges are filed, CNN reported.
In 2016, the Supreme Court overturned a similar law in Texas by a 5-3 majority. In today's order, however, not even the court's liberal judges published a dissent.
Planned Parenthood said it has offered pills to terminate pregnancies in Fayetteville and Little Rock but cannot find any Arkansas obstetricians willing to handle hospital admissions for women with complications, the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette reported. The nation's largest abortion provider will stop providing medication abortions in Arkansas at least temporarily, Planned Parenthood told media outlets, and seek emergency relief from the 8th Circuit ruling in a lower court.
“Arkansas is now shamefully responsible for being the first state to ban medication abortion,” Dawn Laguens, Planned Parenthood Federation of America's executive vice president, said in a statement. “This dangerous law immediately ends access to safe, legal abortion at all but one health center in the state. If that's not an undue burden, what is? This law cannot and must not stand. We will not stop fighting for every person's right to safe, legal abortion.”
The medication abortions referenced in Arkansas' law employ two drugs to kill an unborn child early in pregnancy: Mifepristone makes it difficult for the child to attach to the uterine wall, and misoprostol causes the mother's body to expel the baby.
According to the pro-choice Guttmacher Institute, medication abortions accounted for nearly a third (31 percent) of all nonhospital abortions in the U.S. in 2014 and 45 percent of all abortions before nine weeks' gestation.
Arkansas Baptist State Convention President Greg Sykes told BP, “Arkansas has enough challenges without failing to protect the most vulnerable – the unborn. I'm grateful that we are finally crafting laws that protect our children, and I know Southern Baptists are going to continue to seek ways to protect all children and help them to experience one of God's most precious gifts: life.
“Legal wins in our generation are rare, but we'll gladly rejoice at this one,” Sykes, pastor of First Baptist Church in Russellville, said in an email.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – David Roach is chief national correspondent for Baptist Press, the Southern Baptist Convention's news service.)
These are the people most wanted by police forces in the UK in relation to alleged sexual offences.
They appear on the Crimestoppers Most Wanted page - a 160-strong list of men and women wanted in connection with crimes across Britain.
Crimestoppers is a registered charity helping law enforcement to solve crimes. Crimestoppers pay cash rewards of up to £1,000 for information and, since its formation in 1988, nearly 134,000 arrests have been made as a result of tip-offs to the charity.
Unlike some countries, the UK doesn't rank its most wanted list - crimes are not ranked by their severity and there is no ‘most wanted individual'. But, according to Crimestoppers: “The nature of the crime or the investigation will influence whether an appeal is featured.”
Police forces across the UK are responsible for the appeals that appear on the Crimestoppers Most Wanted page, uploading and removing entries and ensuring accuracy of any information provided.
Forces have strict controls to ensure that information provided is accurate. However, if you feel that an appeal is incorrect, contact Crimestoppers to let them know and they will pass this information to the relevant police force.
After trailing in the initial round of counting, the opposition RJD has established a comfortable lead over the ruling JD-U in the bypolls to the Jokihat Assembly seat in Bihar on Thursday, according to Election Commission officials.
After 10 rounds of the ongoing ballot counting, Rashtriya Janata Dal candidate Shahbawaz Alam established the comfortable lead over Janata Dal-United's Murshid Alam.
The Jokikhat seat fell vacant following the resignation of JD-U MLA Sarfaraz Alam, who joined the RJD.
A third Independent candidate Mohammad Shabbir is also in the fray. Voting for the seat took place on Monday. The JD-U was backed by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), while the RJD had the support of the Congress and Hindustani Awam Morcha (Secular) of former Chief Minister of Jitan Ram Manjhi. Jokihat is a Muslim-dominated Assembly constituency, considered stronghold of former Union Minister and Shahnawaz Alam's father Mohammad Taslimuddin, who died last year leading to bypolls in Araria Lok Sabha seat.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucestershire's unique tones are much maligned in some quarters but we've got a message for you, critics - we don't sound like farmers, we aren't 'gert lush' like that other lot down the M5.
We have some good words, proper words and we love them.
For all those who weren't born at GRH, CGH or the Dilke this might be handy guide for you.
Jub. Jubby. Jubber: Not very nice. "That's a bit of a jub" "It's a bit jubby." "He / they are a right jubber"
Gel on: Phrase: like get lost or go away. "You think you're the best player in the world? Gel on, son."
Kenner: Noun, a house
Juckie: Noun, a dog
Mush: as in "alright mush." also "mushers' got a new dog."
Dinlo: Adjective. You are not very bright. Example. "Duuuuh you're a proper Dinlo"
Manger: Adjective (said with a soft g) adjective. Filthy, not clean, not nice… "He's a right dirty manger"
Gipping: Adjective. Usually referring to something that doesn't taste nice. "That sandwich was absolutely gipping."
Cheltenhamshire - The county in which all people from Cheltenham live. We don't like to hear mention of *that* place up the road.
Daps : You wear them on your feet when you do PE
Sconner : A Newent-based insult, we wouldn't dream of telling you what it means
Wigger : Someone with a bad haircut
My lovely : Term of endearment used by older people
Fairplay : Always one word not two. Used as prefix 'fairplay you should've seen it' or as a term of agreement; "that was a great goal wasn't it?" "fairplay"
Drippers : In Gloucester we have drippers, not lardy cakes. They are lush. You get them from Jane's Pantry
Safe: As in safe as houses.
Our kid: Younger brother, or cousin, the Mancs didn't invent this one
Babber: Any child under 2, or a term of endearment to a friend = 'orwright me old babber?'
Mally: Derisive term for an certain type of individual used at Newent School since at least the 1980s
Shag: Forest term for a friend = 'orwright shag?'
Loves it: Like it. As in 'I blimmin' loves it I do'.
Is it?: Common answer to all questions. As in 'Gloucester has a female Bishop'. Answer: 'Is it?'.
Nobber: Similar to Janner in Devon. To a stranger, an insult, but to someone you know very well, it's a matey term.
Sen: Shortened version of seen. As in 'you sen 'im down the shops?' (Gloucester people 'go down the shops' but 'go up town' even though it's a city).
Got any other Gloucestershire words?
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
French left-socialist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has said German Chancellor Angela Merkel's open-door mass migration policy has “saved our collective dignity,” and warned that criticism of Merkel was a “disgusting simplification.”
Macron affirmed that even after the Islamic State attack in Berlin, committed by Tunisian migrant Anis Amri, they support the migrant policy of Chancellor Merkel.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Expressing their admiration for Germany, they told German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung, “Chancellor Merkel and the whole of German society were at the same level of our [French] common values. They saved our collective dignity, by accepting, accommodating, and educating distressed refugees.”
The former economy minister, who announced their presidential candidacy in mid-December, added it was a “disgusting simplification” when Merkel was accused of surrendering their own capital and the whole of Europe with the admission of over one million migrants from the Middle East and Africa.
In response to questions of securing the continent against terrorism, Macron called for more European Union (EU) integration, including an expansion of the European Border Agency. They said EU nations “also need to overcome national unwillingness and create a joint intelligence system.”
Macron is deemed the election's “third man” behind the Republicans' François Fillon and Front National's Marine Le Pen. The former Socialist Party member and protégé of François Hollande claimed they are “neither on the left nor on the right” and that their policies are a “progressive” appeal to voters who want France to be “open” and pro-European.
In October, Macron had said they believed France, after over a year of deadly terror attacks including in Nice and Paris, had disproportionately ‘targeted' Muslims and suggested the country should be less stringent in applying its rules on secularism.
Macron's comments come following the New Year's addresses of French President Hollande and German Chancellor Merkel, whose countries' citizenries are set to go to the polls this year.
Merkel, who is running for a fourth term as chancellor, defended their migrant policy, telling the German people that Germany will fight the “hatred” of terrorism with “humanity” and “unity.”
Hollande denounced nationalism in their address, their comments roundly criticised by presidential candidate Le Pen who stated that after the populist victories of Trump and Brexit, the French share the worldwide “aspiration for independence” in the fight against globalism.
Banning transshipment at-sea -- the transfer of fish and supplies from one vessel to another in open waters--is necessary to diminish illegal fishing, a team of researchers has concluded after an analysis of existing maritime regulations.
"This practice often occurs on the high seas and beyond the reach of any nation's jurisdiction, allowing ships fishing illegally to evade most monitoring and enforcement measures, offload their cargo, and resume fishing without returning to port," explains Jennifer Jacquet, an assistant professor in New York University's Department of Environmental Studies and one of the paper's co-authors. "It's one way that illegal fish are laundered into the seafood market."
"More significantly, transshipment at-sea can facilitate trafficking and exploitation of workers who are trapped and abused on fishing vessels because there is simply no authority present to protect those being exploited," adds Chris Ewell, an NYU undergraduate at the time of the study and the paper's lead author.
The paper, which appears in the journal Marine Policy, may be downloaded here: http://bit. ly/ 2oEoMrD .
In their study, the researchers focused on the regulation of transshipment, which the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) defines as the "act of transferring the catch from one fishing vessel to either another fishing vessel or to a vessel used solely for the carriage of cargo."
Specifically, they examined transshipment at-sea regulations across 17 Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs)--multi-national entities responsible for regulating fisheries on the high seas--to create a "scorecard" on the permissibility of this practice around the globe.
The researchers note that transshipment at-sea regulations have become increasingly strict in most RFMOs since the late 1990s. However, in 2015, the year of study, only five RFMOs had mandated even a partial ban and only one RFMO, the South East Atlantic Fisheries Organization (SEAFO), has mandated a total ban on transshipment at-sea.
"A total ban on transshipment at-sea on the high seas would support the ability of oversight and enforcement agencies to detect and prevent illegal fishing and also likely reduce human trafficking and forced labor on the high seas," the study's authors recommend.
###
The study's other authors included Mikaela Ediger, a fellow at NYU School of Law's Institute for International Justice and Law, Dana Miller, currently a marine scientist at Oceana and a postdoctoral researcher at the University of British Columbia at the time of the study, and John Hocevar, oceans campaign director at Greenpeace USA.
The research was supported, in part, by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Pew Charitable Trusts, as well as by an undergraduate research grant from NYU.
Former Olympic champion Australia's Sally Pearson celebrates winning the Women's 100 metres hurdles final at the Australian Athletics Championship in Sydney, Australia April 2, 2017. AAP/Paul Miller/via REUTERS
MELBOURNE Former Olympic champion Sally Pearson shrugged off two years of injury trauma to post a world championship qualifying time in winning their eighth 100 metres hurdles title at Australia's national athletics championships in Sydney on Sunday.
The 30-year-old Queenslander missed out on defending their 2012 London gold at last year's Rio Games but raised hopes of a late-career revival with a wind-assisted (+2.3) run of 12.53 seconds in the final at Olympic Park Athletic Centre.
The year's best without wind assistance is American Kori Carter's 12.78 in Arizona two weeks ago.
Pearson trounced a modest field under a cloudy sky, their main rival Michelle Jenneke disappointing with a run of 13.12 to be third behind runner-up Brianna Beahan (12.96).
The 2011 world champion and IAAF female athlete of the year, Pearson wept freely after crossing the line, relieved to come through unscathed after enduring two seasons wrecked by injury.
"I was really, really nervous," Pearson told reporters.
"I know I don't have anything to prove as an athlete, but to be able to come back here and do this today, it really means a lot to me."
They shattered their wrist in a sickening fall at the Golden Gala meeting in Rome in 2015 and strained their hamstring in June last year as they battled to be fit for Rio.
The defiant Australian has remained determined to come back and bid for a third successive Commonwealth Games gold medal at next year's event near their home on Queensland's Gold Coast.
Them encouraging run on Sunday will also boost their hopes of contending for a second world title at London in August, six years after their Daegu triumph.
One of Australia's most successful track athletes, Pearson took silver in the 100m hurdles at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and was also runner-up in the 2013 world championships in Moscow.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
In their weekly City Hall Update, Quincy Mayor Thomas Koch talks about the city's snow removal efforts, a planned ferry service in Squantum, and the first Winter Fest Celebration on Presidents Day.
The Adobe Flash plug-in is needed to listen to AM Quincy podcasts.
Bodies of missing hikers found in Alaska national park
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) — The bodies of two hikers, believed to be those reported missing in Alaska's Wrangell-St. Elias National Park, have been discovered.
The National Park Service says bodies matching the description of the Missouri hikers reported missing in the park last week were recovered Monday along the Sanford River.
The park service tentatively identified the two as Rochelle Renken and Michael Huffman, both 62, from Columbia, Missouri. The agency says they were experienced backpackers and that Renken had prior experience crossing Alaska rivers. The bodies were sent to the state medical examiner for positive identification.
Evidence suggests the two tried to cross the river near the toe of Sanford Glacier but were swept away by the powerful current.
The hikers were last seen June 22.
England finally wins penalty shootout at World Cup
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-14', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 14', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Matthias Schrader, AP Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Image 1 of 14 England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saves a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saves a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Matthias Schrader, AP Image 2 of 14 Colombias Juan Cuadrado, right, fouls England's Danny Rose during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Colombia's Juan Cuadrado, right, fouls England's Danny Rose during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, ... more Photo: Victor R. Caivano, AP Image 3 of 14 Colombias Yerry Mina celebrates after scoring their first side's goal during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Colombia's Yerry Mina celebrates after scoring their first side's goal during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, ... more Photo: Ricardo Mazalan, AP Image 4 of 14 Colombias Yerry Mina (13) scores their side's first goal during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Colombia's Yerry Mina (13) scores their side's first goal during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Matthias Schrader, AP Image 5 of 14 Image 6 of 14 Englands Harry Kane celebrates after scoring their side's first goal during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less England's Harry Kane celebrates after scoring their side's first goal during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, ... more Photo: Victor R. Caivano, AP Image 7 of 14 Englands Kieran Trippier, background, tussles for the ball with Colombia's Johan Mojica during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less England's Kieran Trippier, background, tussles for the ball with Colombia's Johan Mojica during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, ... more Photo: Victor R. Caivano, AP Image 8 of 14 Colombias Davinson Sanchez, left, and England's Harry Kane challenge for the ball during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Colombia's Davinson Sanchez, left, and England's Harry Kane challenge for the ball during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, ... more Photo: Alastair Grant, AP Image 9 of 14 Colombias Radamel Falcao fights for the ball with England's John Stones, right, during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Colombia's Radamel Falcao fights for the ball with England's John Stones, right, during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, ... more Photo: Antonio Calanni, AP Image 10 of 14 Image 11 of 14 Colombias Carlos Sanchez, front right, fouls England's Harry Kane to give a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Colombia's Carlos Sanchez, front right, fouls England's Harry Kane to give a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, ... more Photo: Victor R. Caivano, AP Image 12 of 14 Colombias Jefferson Lerma, left, and England's Harry Kane challenge for the ball during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Colombia's Jefferson Lerma, left, and England's Harry Kane challenge for the ball during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, ... more Photo: Alastair Grant, AP Image 13 of 14 Englands Harry Kane falls down among Colombian players during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. England's Harry Kane falls down among Colombian players during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Antonio Calanni, AP Image 14 of 14 England finally wins penalty shootout at World Cup 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
MOSCOW (AP) — After three haunting failures, England finally won a penalty shootout at the World Cup.
And it happened under a coach who for 22 years has taken the blame for a previous shootout loss at a major tournament.
England advanced to the World Cup quarterfinals by beating Colombia 4-3 in a shootout following a 1-1 draw Tuesday, sending Gareth Southgate running onto the field to celebrate the end of the national team's years of misfortune.
"It will never be off my back, sadly. That's something that will live with me forever," Southgate said of their 1996 shootout failure. "But today is a special moment for this team. I hope it will give belief to generations of players that follow, because they can see what is possible in life."
England will next play Sweden on Saturday in Samara. The 1966 champions have reached the World Cup quarterfinals for the first time since the David Beckham era, when a golden generation exited in the last eight in 2002 and 2006.
"We have to see what is possible and not be hindered by history or the expectations," Southgate said. "I think these young players are showing that."
Eric Dier scored the decisive kick after a scrappy game went through 30 minutes of extra time, denying Colombia a second consecutive trip to the quarterfinals.
"It was a nervous one," Dier said. "I've never really been in a situation like that before."
Harry Kane scored their tournament-leading sixth goal to give England the lead with a penalty kick in the 57th minute. Colombia scrambled for an equalizer and finally got it when Yerry Mina headed in a corner in the third minute of stoppage time.
"To get knocked down at the end like we did at the end, it's difficult to come back from that," Dier said. "But we were ready for that. We were calm. We stuck to our plan."
England trailed 3-2 in the penalty shootout after Jordan Henderson's shot was saved by David Ospina, but Mateus Uribe hit the bar and England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford then stopped Carlos Bacca's kick.
"I did a whole bunch of research," Pickford said. "Falcao is the only one who didn't go their way. I don't care if I'm not the biggest keeper in the world. I have the power and agility."
Pickford succeeded where Peter Shilton, David Seaman and Paul Robinson failed as the 1990, 1998 and 2006 World Cups ended in shootout losses. On top of that, England was knocked out of the 1996 European Championship semifinals and the quarterfinals in 2004 and 2012 on penalties. The country's only shootout success came earlier at Euro '96.
Southgate's penalty in the 1996 shootout at Wembley against Germany was stopped, a failure they have lived with for 22 years.
"Penalty shootouts are lot about mentality and obviously we know England in the past haven't done great," Kane said. "So, it's nice to get that one off our back and we'll have huge belief moving forward."
SCRAPPY
There was edginess from the start, with Colombia forward Juan Cuadrado and England defender Harry Maguire involved in a spat before Radamel Falcao barged into Kieran Trippier, sparking the England defender to retaliate.
Colombia nearly lost Wilmar Barrios to a red card late in the first half. But after a video review, Barrios was given a yellow for knocking their head into the chest of Jordan Henderson.
ENGLAND'S LEAD
England was awarded its penalty when Kane was knocked to the ground by Carlos Sanchez.
Of their six goals, three have come from the penalty spot. They also netted England's first in the shootout.
Kane is the first England player to score in six straight appearances since Tommy Lawton in 1939.
"It's a big night for England," Kane said.
COLOMBIA COMPLAINTS
Colombia had 23 fouls and six yellow cards while England had 13 fouls and two yellows.
Still, Colombia coach Jose Pekerman wasn't happy with the English approach.
"When there are so, so many fouls and interruptions, I think that's not good," Pekerman said. "We shouldn't only look at Colombian players. People should also look at England's players."
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - In a story March 17 about the upcoming trial over an alleged bomb plot targeting Somali immigrants, The Associated Press reported erroneously that Garden City, Kansas, is south of Liberal, Kansas. It is north of Liberal.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Militia members accused of targeting Somalis to stand trial
Three members of a militia group are set to stand trial on charges alleging they were plotting to bomb a mosque and a southwestern Kansas apartment complex where Somali refugees live
By ROXANA HEGEMAN
Associated Press
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - Months before the 2016 general election, members of a Kansas militia group that prosecutors say came to be known as the "the Crusaders" met in an office to pick the targets of bombings that they hoped would inspire a wave of attacks on Muslims throughout the U.S.
In a business in the southwestern city of Liberal that sold mobile homes, the four men took precautions to avoid getting caught, putting their cellphones in a separate room and locking the door to prevent anyone from walking in on them. Three of them didn't know that the fourth was wearing a wire as part of a federal investigation that would thwart their alleged plot.
Authorities say that on the day after Election Day, they hoped to detonate four car bombs outside of a mosque and an apartment complex that was home to Somali refugees who had settled in the meatpacking town of Garden City, which is about 60 miles (95 kilometers) north of Liberal.
Jury selection begins Tuesday in the trial of Patrick Stein, Gavin Wright, and Curtis Allen on charges of conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy against civil rights. Stein, who prosecutors say was the militia's leader, also faces an additional weapons-related charge, and Wright faces a charge of lying to the FBI. They have pleaded not guilty. If convicted of the weapon of mass destruction charge, each could be sentenced to up to life in prison.
Prosecutors have said that a militia member tipped off federal authorities after becoming alarmed by the escalating talk of violence and later agreed to wear a wire as a paid informant. The government's case features months of profanity-laced recordings in which militia members discussed plans and referred to the Somalis as "cockroaches."
According to prosecutors, Stein was recorded discussing the type of fuel and fertilizer bomb that Timothy McVeigh used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, which killed 168 people. Stein was arrested when they delivered 300 pounds (135 kilograms) of fertilizer to undercover FBI agents to make explosives.
Prosecutors also allege that Wright and Allen made an explosive in the kitchen of Wright's business and used it to successfully test a blasting cap, with the goal of using the cap to cause a much larger explosion at the apartment complex.
Agents also found aerial photographs in one vehicle depicting what appear to be apartment complexes marked with large x's, as well as an aerial photo of a church and a Burmese mosque, authorities say. The group also discussed killing the apartment complex's white owner to send a message to other landlords about renting to immigrants.
Defense attorneys either declined to discuss the case or didn't respond to calls seeking comment. But they may have given a glimpse at a possible trial strategy when they sought to expand the prospective jury pool to include people from more rural western counties that voted heavily for Donald Trump in the 2016 election.
In that motion, they argued the case is "uniquely political" because much of the expected evidence is in reaction to the election. They contended the case will require jurors to weigh evidence regarding whether the alleged conduct amounts to criminal behavior or whether it is constitutionally protected speech.
Prosecutors - anticipating the defense will attempt to argue the men were entrapped by the informant and an undercover agent - recently asked the judge to bar the defense from presenting such arguments to jurors before first justifying it to the court. U.S. District Judge Eric Melgren has not ruled on that request.
The arrests shocked Garden City's immigrant community, which includes many Muslims and people who work at a local Tyson Foods cattle slaughterhouse. Prosecutors are expected to call some of them to testify about the effect that the alleged plot had on them.
Ifrah Ahmed, a Somali interpreter at the plant, said their community wants the defendants to face justice, noting that if their alleged plot had succeeded, it would have been devastating. They also said the arrests had a galvanizing effect.
"We have become stronger as a community. And it showed us that we can overcome everything," they said.
Matt Allen, Garden City's city manager, echoed that sentiment.
"I think there are some scars left from that threat - a feeling of vulnerability - that is communitywide," Allen said. "But in many ways it has strengthened the resolve of the community to be the best we can be to people, regardless of their backgrounds or even their beliefs."
___
Follow Roxana Hegeman on Twitter: https://twitter.com/@rhegeman
Denny Hamlin looks from the garage before practice for Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series auto race at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, N.C., Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. Chuck Burton AP Photo
Both the men's and women's teams finish with bronze at the Singapore Sevens tournament held this past weekend
MANILA, Philippines - The Philippine Volcanoes rugby teams overcame torrential rains this past weekend to bag a pair of bronze medals for the second straight year at the Singapore Sevens tournament.
The men's team, which sent a roster of new players getting their feet wet in preparation for the Southeast Asian Games, dealt with a 17-5 loss in their opening match to Singapore before blitzing Indonesia 35-0 and Brunei 47-5 in the group stage. A buzzer beater by Jonel Madrona secured a 12-10 win over Thailand in the bronze medal match, and earned them Man of the Tournament honors.
That podium placement was duplicated by the Transcom Lady Volcanoes, who overcame 27-0 and 34-0 blowout losses to Singapore and Thailand respectively to beat Indonesia 30-0 in Pool B before coming back to defeat Malaysia in the bronze medal match in the only match of the tournament to go to extra time. Sylvia Tudoc scored the golden point for the Philippines to secure that victory.
"In the end, 7s is so unpredictable, so many close games at all levels. I am extremely happy to walk away with some silverware here in Singapore,” said Jake Robrigado Letts, National Teams Head of the Philippine Rugby Football Union (PRFU), said in a release.
“Both teams used this as a pre tournament warm up for the 2017 Southeast Games. We are on track, the men's identified some youth and the women's have seen what it takes to go one better.”
The men's Volcanoes will next begin preparations for the 15s Asia Rugby Championships, which will see them compete against Sri Lanka, Malaysia and United Arab Emirates on May 14, 17 and 20 in Ipoh, Malaysia. – Rappler.com
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.
With the unofficial start of summer behind us, there is an abundance of events popping up to keep us busy and fed.
Now comes the hard part: Having to choose.
Let's start in Claremont, where the Claremont Beer Walk is set for 4-8 p.m. Saturday, June 2.
Participants will be able to stroll the Village, listen to live music and stop at local businesses for beer and food samples.
Nearly three dozen breweries (and our friends from Ironbark Ciderworks) are planning to participate.
Local breweries include: Brew Rebellion, Chino Valley Brewery, Claremont Craft Ales, Escape Craft Brewery, Hamilton Family Brewery, I & I'm Brewing, Innovation Brew Works, Kings Brewing Company, La Verne Brewing Company, Last Name Brewing, No Clue Craft Brewery, Old Stump Brewing Co., Rescue Brewing Co., Rök House Brewing Company, Sanctum Brewing Co., Solorio Brewing Co., Strum Brewing Co., Wicks Brewing Co., and Wiens Brewing Co.
You'll also get to try brews from Montclair's not-quite-open Sandbox Brewing Company. The event has often been a way to preview beers from local breweries before they open.
Tickets for the 21-and-older event are $45 for general admission or $20 for designated drivers and are available in advance online and from several Village businesses, including: Aromatique, Bert & Rocky's, Heirloom, Rio de Ojas, Sonja Stump Photography and Vom Fass.
Note that tickets are cash or check only except at Sonja Stump Photography.
Last year's event sold out, so don't wait to purchase tickets if you want to go.
For more information, or to purchase tickets, visit www.claremontbluesandbrews.com.
If barbecue is more your thing, the Brew N Cue Festival takes place this weekend at the George Ingall's Equestrian Event Center, 3737 Crestview Drive, Norco.
The event kicks off at 6 p.m. Friday, June 1, with a reception with a question-and-answer panel discussion, and a chance to take photos and get autographs of some of the chefs, including celebrity chefs Michael Character and Phil Dell.
The Saturday, June 2, ticketed event runs from 1-8 p.m., and includes a Kansas City Barbecue Society-sanctioned cook-off with four categories: Beef brisket, pork ribs, chicken and pork.
Other activities include a chance to meet the chefs and barbecue teams, listen to live music and sample craft beer from local breweries, including Brew Rebellion, Coachella Valley Brewing Co., Hangar 24 Craft Brewing, The Mason Jar Brewing Company, Sons of Liberty Aleworks and Wicks Brewing.
The family-friendly event also includes a Kidz Corner, with crafts, a petting zoo, a cooking class and an adult-supervised barbecue competition. Kids 10 and younger get in free.
On Sunday, June 3, there will be captain's table and certified barbecue judges classes for those who want to participate in future sanctioned events.
Tickets, available online, are $15 for general admission, or $30 for general admission with either 10 beer or barbecue sample tickets. VIP tickets, which include premier parking, a souvenir, beer samples, premier seating, and a meal prepared by Michael Character, are $89.
Discount tickets are available at Bigg Dane and Beale's Texas BBQ, 7373 East Ave., Suite A, Fontana.
For more information, or to purchase tickets, visit www.brewnquefestival.com.
The Inland Empire Salsa Festival returns to Riverside from 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturday, June 2, at White Park, 3901 Market St.
In addition to a salsa-making contest and salsa tasting, the festival will feature a beer garden, food vendors and live entertainment, including Ashanti and Lil Xan.
Advance tickets are $15 for everyone older than 12, and $5 for kids 6 to 12. Kids 5 and younger get in free.
General admission tickets will be $20 at the door.
For more information, or to purchase tickets, visit www.iesalsafestival.com.
Limericks Tavern is celebrating the grand opening of its third location beginning at noon on Saturday, June 2.
Giveaways include tote bags and snapback caps.
I attended a preview of the new location a couple of weeks back and was impressed with their menu…it's no mere bar food.
Take a peek at our Instagram feed at www.instagram.com/dine909 to see all the deliciousness.
The new Limericks are in The Shoppes at Chino Hills, 13920 City Center Drive, Unit 4075, where Dillon's Restaurant & Irish Pub once was.
Friday, June 1, is National Doughnut Day, an event that began during the Great Depression by the Salvation Army as a way to raise funds and bring awareness to the organization's social service programs.
Go support your local doughnut shop — they are local businesses, you know — or stop in for a free one at the Krispy Kreme in Ontario, San Dimas or Victorville.
If you're looking for something to do on Sunday, head to the Mt. Baldy Ski Lifts for its Sunday Sessions.
It's basically the return of Battle of the Brews, but with a twist. From 2-7 p.m. each Sunday, the Top of the Notch restaurant will showcase a different brewery and three of that brewery's beers.
A ticket ($32, or $28 for seniors) gets you a round-trip lift ticket, a flight and a pint.
At the end of the summer, there will be a Battle of the Brews between fan favorites.
Details and tickets are available by visiting www.mtbaldyresort.com/sunday-sessions.
Two frenemies mending fences over coffee… or just playing nice for the camera?
We have our first official glimpse of Big Little Lies Season 2, thanks to an Instagram post from star Laura Dern. The Emmy winner posted a photo of themselves on set with co-star Reese Witherspoon, with the enticing caption “Madeline and Renata are back.”
Madeline and Renata are back. #BLL2 A post shared by @ lauradern on Mar 19, 2018 at 6:04pm PDT
From the looks of the photo above, Witherspoon's Madeline and Dern's Renata are enjoying an alfresco caffeine break on a typically beautiful Monterey afternoon, and last season did end with the two former rivals setting aside their differences to support Nicole Kidman's Celeste. But are we the only ones kind of hoping these two are back at each other's throats in Season 2? After all, it led to so many quotable insults… and we know Madeline tends to their grudges like little pets.
Season 2 of the acclaimed HBO drama — officially announced in December — will bring back Witherspoon, Kidman and Dern, along with co-stars Shailene Woodley, Adam Scott and Zoe Kravitz. Plus, the legendary Meryl Streep joins the cast as Mary Louise Wright, the mother of Alexander Skarsgard's deceased character Perry.
April 28 TALKPOOL AG:
* TALKPOOL WINS STRATEGIC IOT CONTRACT IN SMART BUILDINGS TOGETHER WITH SIGREN
* SIGREN IS SELECTED TO SUPPLY SMART BUILDING TECHNOLOGY FOR MANAGING HEATING, LIGHTING AND BLINDS
* ORDER VALUE IS INITIALLY LIMITED BUT HAS GOOD OPPORTUNITIES TO BE EXPANDED Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Study on Aerosol Market by Infinium Global Research is comprehensive presentation of qualitative and quantitative research to identify key trends, growth prospects, drivers, restraints and opportunities in the Global market. The report also deep dives into the sub-segments of Aerosol Market by application (automotive, household, food and beverages, insecticide, personal care, paints and varnishes) through main geographies in the Global Market such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW. Browse through over 100 tables and figures to get complete view of the global and regional markets of Aerosol over the period of 2017 to 2023. This report also provides the existing competitive scenario of some of the key players of the Global Aerosol Market which includes company profiling of AkzoNobel N.V., Unilever PLC, Thymes, LLC, Honeywell International Inc., ColepPolska Sp. z o.o., Crabtree & Evelyn, Ltd., CosterTecnologieSpecialiS.p.A., S.C. Johnson, Proctor and Gamble, and Henkel AG. According to report the global aerosol market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.5% over the forecast period of 2017 – 2023.
Segments Covered
The report on global aerosol market covers Segments such as application. The application segments include automotive, household, food and beverages, insecticide, personal care, paints and varnishes and others.
Geographic Coverage
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023.The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017 – 2023.
Companies Profiled:
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global aerosol market such as, AkzoNobel N.V., Unilever PLC, Thymes, LLC, Honeywell International Inc., ColepPolska Sp. z o.o., Crabtree & Evelyn, Ltd., CosterTecnologieSpecialiS.p.A., S.C. Johnson, Proctor and Gamble, and Henkel AG.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the global aerosol market. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of aerosol market.
Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the aerosol market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. Additionally, the analysis highlights rise and fall in the market shares of the key players in the market. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the aerosol market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Browse Detailed Description and Company Mentioned in this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/chemical_material/global_aerosol_market
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Aerosol Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the Global Aerosol Market
4. Global Aerosol Market by Application 2017 – 2023
4.1 Automotive
4.2 Household
4.3 Food and Beverages
4.4 Insecticide
4.5 Personal Care
4.6 Paints and Varnishes
4.7 Others
5. Global Aerosol Market by Regions 2017 – 2023
5.1 North America
5.1.1 North America Aerosol Market by Application
5.1.2 North America Aerosol Market by Country
5.2 Europe
5.2.1 Europe Aerosol Market by Application
5.2.2 Europe Aerosol Market by Country
5.3 Asia-Pacific
5.3.1 Asia-Pacific Aerosol Market by Application
5.3.2 Asia-Pacific Aerosol Market by Country
5.4 RoW
5.4.1 RoW Aerosol Market by Application
5.4.2 RoW Aerosol Market by Sub-Region
6. Companies Covered
6.1 AkzoNobel N.V.
6.2 Unilever PLC
6.3 Thymes, LLC
6.4 Honeywell International Inc.
6.5 Colep Polska Sp. z o.o.
6.6 Crabtree & Evelyn, Ltd.
6.7 Coster Tecnologie Speciali S.p.A.
6.8 S.C. Johnson
6.9 Proctor and Gamble
6.10 Henkel AG
Get Sample copy of this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/844
Contact Us
Infinium Global Research,
Website:https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com
Email: sales@infiniumglobalresearch.com
The Chris Plante Show offers the inside word on the day's top news stories with razor-sharp insight and a unique sense of humor. Their knowledge and experience along with a gift for storytelling combine to create one of the most fast-paced, entertaining programs on the radio today.
ST JOHN'S – Cricket West Indies' director of cricket Jimmy Adams does not see any fallout from playing the early stages of the first-class season alongside Sri Lanka A's tour of the Caribbean.
In fact, the former West Indies captain believes that with franchises set to lose players for the ‘A' team series, younger players will be afforded opportunities they otherwise would not have had during the campaign, thus widening the player pool in the Caribbean.
“I think it's an opportunity for players who may not have had the opportunity if teams were at what we call full strength,” Adams pointed out.
“This is the reality of the global game today, just not in the Caribbean but worldwide. If you're going to have the domestic tournament being played at the same time, especially if your domestic tournament covers x-amount of months, it's hard to say you're not going to have an overlap of ‘A' team cricket or Test cricket or international cricket. ‘Global cricket' “It's just a fact of global cricket scene … and we're no different here.”
Sri Lanka ‘A' are set to arrive in the region shortly for three four-day Tests and as many one-dayers, in a tour running from October 11 to November 5.
The series will run parallel with the first two rounds of the regional first class season which gets under way October 26.
Adams said that their career had benefited from such scenarios where they were able to stake their claim in first class cricket because of the absence of leading players to international duty.
“My experience in other countries, having played and worked in South Africa, Zimbabwe and England, is that it is an opportunity,” Adams contended.
“Yes, you would see on paper that teams would be weaker but a lot of us – myself included – have been products of opportunities gained when senior players were away from home. “I've played series in the Caribbean when the international players were away and, yes, you say there is a weakening of teams but by the same token, a lot of us grabbed those opportunities and made very good use of them.” “I don't look at it as a negative. It's the way of the cricketing landscape these days and it's opportunities for young players, as far as I am concerned.”
Next year, England Lions are also scheduled to tour the Caribbean for three four-day Tests and three one-dayers, from February 5 to March 11, a series that is expected to coincide with the Regional Super50. (CMC)
Thursday at Los Angeles International Airport in the wake of the Las Vegas shooting, singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow said it was “infringing” on the rights of everyone “if a few people are allowed to have semi-automatic weapons.”
advertisement
Crow said, “I think we have to do something about gun laws.”
They added, “I think its infringing on the rights of all people if a few people are allowed to have semi-automatic weapons.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
"We'd come outside at night time and just kinda have to 'ugh! what'ss that smell?' ya know? I've lived in quite a few cities and been all over the country and I've never really had an issue like this before" says Aaron Hill. Aaron and their father have lived about two miles from Jasper Products for almost 3 years now and say they like living in the area, but.. "I'm not a complainer or a 'caller inner' but I have been wondering what's going on and why basically...
More >>
The B.C. government is ending grizzly bear trophy hunting effective Nov. 30.
“This action is supported by the vast majority of people across our province,” Forests Minister Doug Donaldson announced from Hazelton on Monday. “We believe the action we're taking goes beyond the commitment to Coastal First Nations made as part of the 2016 Great Bear Rainforest agreements.”
Premier John Horgan committed to ban the trophy hunting of grizzly bears in November 2016, and made it part of the NDP platform in the spring election.
“The Coastal First Nations banned the grizzly trophy hunt in the Great Bear Rainforest four years ago,” said Doug Neasloss, Chief Councillor of the Kitasoo-Xai'Xais First Nation on the B.C. coast, endorsing the NDP position last year. “A provincial ban is long overdue to stop the needless killing of grizzly bears for sport. Bear claws, hides and teeth are not trophies.”
After the Great Bear Rainforest land use plan was adopted, the former B.C. Liberal government began to retire guide-outfitter licenses in the region as territories were sold to bear-watching companies.
About a third of the province is off limits to grizzly hunting for wildlife management reasons. The rest is subject to a managed hunt for resident and non-resident guided hunters that has been validated by independent experts. Former forests minister Steve Thomson defended it a significant contribution to the provincial economy.
In a report released in October 2016, wildlife biologists from the University of Alberta and the University of Minnesota gave high marks to B.C.'s grizzly bear management, including the grizzly bear hunt lottery that attracts foreign hunters each year.
Charlotte Hornets guard Nicolas Batum (5) will meet with a specialist in Dallas Monday, to help determine whether to have surgery on their left elbow, injured in Wednesday's preseason exhibition against the Detroit Pistons. Carlos Osorio AP
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Glass Lewis & Co. and Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. both reject the bank's new pay proposal for the board. ISS remains opposed to the bonus packages for executives, while Glass Lewis expressed reservations but said the voluntary cuts merit shareholder support.
Switzerland - Credit Suisse Group AG continues to face opposition to its pay plans from major shareholder advisory groups even after executives and directors offered to forgo some of their compensation.
Credit Suisse has come under fire from several shareholder groups over pay packages after the bank posted a second annual loss. In response to the backlash, executives and directors volunteered to give up some compensation when shareholders meet next week to consider these and other proposals.
Swiss laws introduced in 2015 require companies listed in the country to give shareholders a binding annual vote on board and executive pay. Credit Suisse last year won backing despite opposition from advisory groups including Glass Lewis. Local rival UBS Group AG, which is holding its annual meeting next month, has received support from both Glass Lewis and ISS for its compensation proposals.
‘Flawed Process'
Credit Suisse's stock fell 33 percent in 2016, with market turmoil, surprise trading losses and legal cases sapping confidence in a costly turnaround plan. Charges tied to a legal settlement over its crisis-era mortgage securities business pushed the bank into a second annual loss.
Executives are offering to forgo 40 percent of their bonuses, leaving them with about 48 million francs ($48 million), 17 million francs in short-term incentive pay and 31.2 million in bonuses tied to long-term goals. The board has renounced plans to raise its maximum compensation to 12.5 million francs from 12 million francs.
Read also: Mahumapelo under fire for pay cut plan
“The decisions of the board and executive board represent positive steps that acknowledge the impact of the 2016 net loss on shareholders,” ISS said in an emailed report Tuesday. “However, they come at the end of a flawed process where shareholder interests were not adequately taken into consideration.”
Glass Lewis said that while the voluntary cuts are a positive response to shareholder discontent and should general some goodwill, “we also find that this is a case of ‘too little, too late.”'
CEO Pay
At 3 million francs, Thiam's salary remains “significantly higher” than that of their predecessor, Brady Dougan, Glass Lewis said. Under the new proposals, Thiam would receive a total compensation of 10.24 million francs, instead of the previously proposed 11.9 million francs. Even after the cut, they would still be the best-paid CEO among their European peers after UBS's Sergio Ermotti.
“A situation in which top executives feel obliged to volunteer to reduce their own earned awards two weeks prior to an annual meeting facing a shareholder revolt highlights the dysfunction of a compensation program and a compensation committee that fail to adequately consider shareholder interests,” Glass Lewis said.
Bloomberg
A new study by the Keck School of Medicine of USC is pointing to a surprising discovery concerning Alzheimer's Disease.
Researches looked at ten years worth of data and concluded adults with elevated levels of sticky protein clusters — or brain plaques — could mean they are experiencing the earliest stage of Alzheimer's.
Doctor Michael Donohue joined KUSI with more.
From choosing an outfit to buying a present, wedding etiquette can be a minefield.
One wrong step and even the most well-meaning guest can quickly find themselves being remembered for all the wrong reasons.
Now a list of the top 20 worst wedding faux pas has been published and it reveals some surprisingly simple mistakes many might find themselves guilty of making, according to the Daily Mail.
via GIPHY
High street fashion chain Jacamo asked wedding guests about the most inappropriate, rude and offensive behaviour they had witnessed at weddings.
A tasteless best man's speech topped the list, proving that it is one of the most difficult tasks on the big day.
More than a third of respondents said they had heard speeches that mentioned past girlfriends and unflattering exploits that would have been better left unmentioned.
While wedding days can be long, people agreed that leaving before the end of the speeches was unacceptable and put the early departure second on the faux pas list.
Continued below.
Related Content Three key elements to a happy retirement John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? Take extra care on roads thanks to Cyclone Cook, say police
Inappropriate outfit choices appeared multiple times on the list. Wearing an overly-revealing outfit was considered the third biggest mistake, one place above wearing all-black or all-white for the occasion.
Opting for a dress that was very similar to the bridesmaids' gowns was also on the list, coming in seventh place.
via GIPHY
While women were the most common offenders when it came to fashion, men had their fair share of wardrobe mishaps.
Some 9 per cent of respondents said they had seen men arrive at a wedding wearing jeans. The casual look was placed twelfth on the list.
Meanwhile it can also be a bad idea to overdress for the occasion. Mistakenly coming in black tie was the fourteenth worst offence. However just 2 per cent of respondents had ever seen someone left red-face by this mistake.
- Daily Mail
CHICAGO – Grammy award-winning singer and member of The Temptations Dennis Edwards has died, their wife, Brenda Edwards, confirmed to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Edwards was 74 years old.
Their wife told the Post that the Motown legend died at a Chicago area hospital after suffering complications related to meningitis.
“My uncle Dennis Edwards passed away this morning,” Edwards' nephew, Jason Quebec, posted on social media Friday. “Please keep my family in prayer.”
Edwards was a long-time resident of Florissant, Missouri. They were a Lifetime Achievement recipient in 2013.
The Temptations were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989. The band's best-known hits include “Papa was a Rollin' Stone,” “Ain't no Mountain High Enough,” “My Girl” and “I Can't Get Next to You.”
February 3 would have been the singer's 75th birthday.
FIFTH HARMONY
Six years after being formed on The X-Factor, the girl group announced that they're planning to take a hiatus in order for everyone to be able to pursue solo projects.
"After six years of going hard, non stop, we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you, we do need to take some time for now to go on a hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors," members Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui said in a joint statement. "We are all very excited and grateful to be able to take this time to learn and grow creatively and really find out footing as individuals."
The band plans to honor the shows that they have scheduled through the rest of the year, but did not reveal how long they plan to spend focusing on their own projects.
Christy Clark and their son, Hamish, address the media during a press conference on their decision to leave public life. (Katya Slepian/Black Press)
Former premier Christy Clark has landed a job at a law firm as they officially move on from political life.
Clark, who lost their post last July when the NDP-Green coalition was allowed to form government, had retired as leader of the BC Liberals in August.
The province's longest serving female premier has taken a step back from public life for the past year, surfacing Wednesday with an announcement that they were joining Bennett Jones.
VIDEO: “I am done with public life,” says Christy Clark
Clark has joined the firm's Vancouver office as a senior advisor on their governmental affairs and public policy team.
“Christy's leadership as Premier took British Columbia to new economic heights,” said firm CEO Hugh MacKinnon. “Her vision on driving growth through trade is one that our clients share.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
HOUSTON - Debi Strong was diagnosed with clinical depression when they were 14.
That was when the therapy and medication began. The pictures mask the pain, they say, from emotional and sexual abuse, that followed them through adulthood.
“I worked in a crime lab and had done a lot of suicides. (I thought) not to use a gun, because I didn't want to leave that kind of mess,” Strong said.
Six years ago, they attempted suicide by overdosing on pills.
“I put them in a little pile, a few at a time so I wouldn't throw up until I passed out,” Strong said. “The only note I left was, ‘I'm sorry,' because I was too sad to write a note.”
Sadly, Strong's story is far too common. One in 10 men and one in 5 women in this country will suffer depression at some time in their life.
Many people may have a passing thought about ending their lives. But when is it time to seek help?
“They think about all the time or worse start planning what they would do to end their live or worse, start planning or rehearsal for that,” said Dr. Jonathan Stevens, a psychiatrist with the Menninger Clinic. “Depression is a very common illness. It is also very treatable. A lot of fantastic medicines and psychotherapies are available.”
With Strong's suicide attempt, their family sent them to a nationally recognized mental health clinic in Houston.
“Without Menninger, I literally would not be here talking to you. I'd for sure be dead,” they said.
At 62, Strong credits medication, therapy and new coping skills – art therapy in particular -- for a brighter picture. In fact, their drawings became an exhibition and greeting cards -- images that no longer mask pain but reveal a new way of seeing the world.
Mental Health Resources:
https://mhahouston.org/find-help/
https://www.menningerclinic.com/
https://thelovettcenter.com
re:MIND - Depression and Bipolar Support
https://www.remindsupport.org/
(713) 600-1131
Support groups and resources for people with depression or bipolar disorder, and their families
NAMI Houston
https://namigreaterhouston.org/
(713) 970-4419
Support groups, education, advocacy
Harris Center 24-hour Crisis Line:
713-970-7000
For LGBTQ issues visit:
www.montrosecenter.org
© 2018 KHOU
NEW YORK — A woman has climbed the base of the Statue of Liberty and seven people have been arrested on Liberty Island, all of whom are believed to be protesters, law enforcement sources told CNN.
The woman is affiliated with Rise and Resist, Martin Joseph Quinn, an organizer for the group, told CNN. But Quinn added their climb was not part of the planned protest today. “She climbed without our knowledge. It was not part of our action. We are deeply concerned for their safety,” Quinn said.
At one point, the woman walked back and forth under Lady Liberty's sandal and then sat down and appeared to unfurl a small flag or banner. The other protesters, also with Rise and Resist, held a banner over the railing at the base of the statue.
Law enforcement officials were seen mounting a ladder to the base of the statue and talking to the woman, who was sitting in the folds of the statue's gown.
The NYPD is building a rope rescue system to help bring the woman down from the base, because officers don't believe they will come down on their own, a police source told CNN.
Liberty Island has been evacuated while they attempt to get them down, according to Jerry Willis with the National Park Service.
The NYPD says three of its emergency service units and a harbor unit are on scene.
For middle-aged men, eating higher amounts of protein was associated with a slightly elevated risk for heart failure than those who ate less protein, according to new research from the University of Eastern Finland. Proteins from fish and eggs were not associated with heart failure risk in this study. The findings were reported in Circulation: Heart Failure.
Despite the popularity of high protein diets, there is little research about how diets high in protein might impact men's heart failure risk.
"As many people seem to take the health benefits of high-protein diets for granted, it is important to make clear the possible risks and benefits of these diets," said Jyrki Virtanen, PhD, study author and an adjunct professor of nutritional epidemiology at the University of Eastern Finland in Kuopio. "Earlier studies have linked diets high in protein - especially from animal sources -- with increased risks of type 2 diabetes and even death."
Researchers studied 2,441 men, age 42 to 60, at the study's start and followed them for an average 22 years. Overall, researchers found 334 cases of heart failure were diagnosed during the study and 70 percent of the protein consumed was from animal sources and 27.7 percent from plant sources. Higher intake of protein from most dietary sources, was associated with slightly higher risk. Only proteins from fish and eggs were not associated with heart failure risk in this study, researchers said.
For this study, researchers divided the men into four groups based on their daily protein consumption. When they compared men who ate the most protein to those who ate the least, they found their risk of heart failure was:
33 percent higher for all sources of protein;
43 percent higher for animal protein;
49 percent higher for dairy protein.
17 percent higher for plant protein.
"As this is one of the first studies reporting on the association between dietary protein and heart failure risk, more research is needed before we know whether moderating protein intake may be beneficial in the prevention of heart failure," said Heli E.K. Virtanen, MSc, first author of study, PhD student and early career researcher at the University of Eastern Finland in Kuopio. "Long-term interventions comparing diets with differential protein compositions and emphasizing differential protein sources would be important to reveal possible effects of protein intake on risk factors of heart failure. More research is also needed in other study populations."
###
The Finnish Cultural Foundation North Savo Regional fund, Päivikki and Sakari Sohlberg Foundation, Paavo Nurmi Foundation and the Finnish Association of Academic Agronomists funded the study.
For further information, please contact:
Heli Virtanen, MHSc, early stage researcher, University of Eastern Finland, Institute of Public Health and Clinical Nutrition, tel. +358 400 419477, heli.e.virtanen@uef.fi
Jyrki Virtanen, PhD, adjunct professor, University of Eastern Finland, Institute of Public Health and Clinical Nutrition, tel. +358 294454542, jyrki.virtanen@uef.fi
Police outside Blake's nightclub in Gravesend, southeast England, Sunday March 18, 2018. British police say a man who had been kicked out of a nightclub Saturday, rammed their car into revelers on a dance floor, injuring at least 13. (Gareth Fuller/PA via AP)
Police outside Blake's nightclub in Gravesend, southeast England, Sunday March 18, 2018. British police say a man who had been kicked out of a nightclub Saturday, rammed their car into revelers on a dance floor, injuring at least 13. (Gareth Fuller/PA via AP)
LONDON (AP) - British police say a man who had been kicked out of a nightclub rammed their car into revelers on a dance floor, injuring at least 13 people.
The Kent Police force says the 21-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder over Saturday's crash in Gravesend, 30 miles (48 kilometers) southeast of London. Police say they are not treating the incident as terrorism.
Footage posted on social media showed a large car on a dance floor inside a marquee tent at Blake's nightclub. On Facebook, the club thanked "the heroic actions of our door team and guests to apprehend the individual before further harm was caused."
Police said Sunday that at least 13 people suffered injuries including broken bones but none of the injuries is life-threatening.
Catherine Allison & Co like to congratulate their long-standing member of staff, Letitia Grace, on becoming the only Senior Legal Executive in Ireland based on their practical experience and their Legal Executive qualifications.
Letitia obtained a Diploma in Legal Studies with distinction in 2004.
At that time they also qualified as a Legal Executive with the Irish Institute of Legal Executives and has held a practising certificate since 2004. In 2007 Letitia obtained a Diploma in Family Law accredited by the Law Society and recently in November 2017 they were appointed a Commissioner for Oaths for County
Louth by the Supreme Court.
Letitia joined Catherine Allison & Co some seventeen years ago and almost exclusively practices in Family Law handling separation and divorce, which you can imagine, is a stressful time for the parties involved. Letitia treats their clients with the utmost respect, consideration and compassion, but most of all,
practicality and aims to deal with matters as quicklyand as amicably as possible, thereby enabling people to move on with their lives.
The second whammy is Catherine Allison is now also a qualified Personal Insolvency Practitioner and they have recently received a PIP licence in March 2018 from theInsolvency Service of Ireland. Catherine has been carrying out insolvency work for over twenty years, originally in London and in the last fifteen years in Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Catherine also currently holds a diploma in Personal Insolvency Law awarded by the Law Society in December 2013. In September 2016, Catherine was appointed the duty solicitor at the Repossession Court under the new Government “Abhaile” Home Mortgage Arrears Legal Aid Scheme for Dundalk and Monaghan and handles large volumes of PIA Appeals to the Circuit Court where the insolvency arrangement involves the primary principal residence.
Catherine goes above and beyond the call of duty to help distressed individual borrowers and business people to help debtors get back to solvency, and in particular, to save their family home and primary principal residence where possible. Catherine confirms that ongoing repossessions in County Louth are continuing at an alarming rate and there can be up to fifty cases in the court list at a time and there is no end in sight to the court lists as banks such as Permanent TSB and Ulster Bank now are reported to be selling more loans to the so-called “Vulture Funds”. The government scheme, they feel, is alifeline for people.
If your home is in negative equity, or you are drowning in debt, Catherine is renowned as the woman to sort you out and get your life back on track and back to solvency. If your home is valued at €100,000 and you have a mortgage of €200,000, we have a great chance to have it written down to market value (i.e. €100,000 knocked off the loan so it is affordable) in a Court Insolvency Arrangement under the new appeal system.
Legal Aid is usually available for such PIA appeals. Catherine Allison & Company are this year celebrating 18 years of business in Dundalk. Since opening its doors in April 2000 with just
Catherine and one secretary the practice has grown from strength to strength. We have an exceptionally strongand proven legal team who are backed by very experienced support staff including own, in house, fully qualified accountant. We undertake all areas of legal practice, excluding only Criminal Law. We are also the only practice in County Louth to practice in all the jurisdictions of Ireland, Northern Ireland, England and Wales, which helps to widen our client base.
Once again Catherine wishes to congratulate Letitia on their recent appointment as the only Senior Legal Executive in Ireland and wishes their continued success in their career with the company. Catherine has become one of the leading figures in the locality supporting many local businesses and charities.
They would like to thank their clients or their continued support, trust and confidence over the last 18 years saying it's always a privilege to do business with the people of Dundalk and
surrounding areas and says that they will continue to do all they can to ensure that whoever enters their office, for whatever reason, will be happy with the excellent, professional service.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
RABAT/MARRAKECH, Morocco (Reuters) - Moroccans risking their lives scraping coal from abandoned mines have listened to local officials, the mining ministry and a close royal ally since they began protesting five weeks ago. Now some of them want the king themselves to intervene.
“When they closed the mines they offered us new jobs and compensation but nothing has happened,” said one former miner in the northern town of Jerada who declined to be named, fearing reprisal.
“We will keep protesting until our lives improve.”
The miners have been left behind by the economic liberalisation that won plaudits from the International Monetary Fund at a regional conference in Marrakech this week headlined “Opportunity for all”.
King Mohammed VI, the ultimate power in Morocco, has lifted living standards in urban and coastal areas and raised the country's profile abroad, rolling out investment in the Ivory Coast and other sub-Saharan countries.
But public dissatisfaction is growing in some poor areas at a time when the government is implementing currency reforms and cutting subsidies to drive economic growth.
The Jerada protests have found common cause with dissent that has rumbled since 2016 in the Rif, also in the north, both groups spurred by the deaths of men desperate trying to make ends meet.
They are a far cry from the mass protests which rocked the North African country in 2011 when uprisings ousted rulers in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya, but pose a challenge to a constitutional monarchy in which the king has far-reaching powers.
Stability in Morocco is important for Western governments as it is the only country in North Africa where jihadist groups have failed to gain a foothold. Rabat is also a key intelligence-sharing partner on Islamist militancy.
At least 10 million people visit its beaches and cities each year, some of them switching from Egypt and Tunisia after those countries suffered political turmoil and militant attacks.
CONTRAST
While Marrakech, an ancient city, is bustling with tourists and new buildings have gone up in the commercial centre Casablanca and capital Rabat, the changes have bypassed rural areas like Jerada in the remote northeast.
Protests there swelled in late December after two brothers drowned scavenging coal deep underground: one of them hacked through into an adjoining water well, flooding the shaft.
On Thursday, another miner, in their early 30s, was killed when a shaft collapsed, the interior ministry said. Activists issued a renewed call for protests.
Residents say the town has been neglected since the mines closed some 20 years ago and tensions with Algeria shut the nearby border at around the same time.
The miners say they sell a bag of coal for between 60 and 80 dirham ($6.5-$8.7) to traders who pass it on for 600 dirhams to restaurants, hotels and public baths.
“Influential people exploit the miners, who have no other jobs, and officials know about this,” said Abdelwahab Hoummani, an activist in Jerada. “We demand jobs, development and the prosecution of corrupt people.”
Riot police take their positions to block demonstrators during a protest about the lack of jobs after two miners died while working in a clandestine coal mine, in Jerada, Morocco, January 20, 2018. Picture taken January 20, 2018. REUTERS/Youssef Boudlal
The mining ministry was not immediately available to comment, but Mining Minister Aziz Rabbah said in January the state had “reacted positively” to the town's demands and a commission had been paying out compensation for closed mines.
Protests had rumbled against high electricity bills before the miners' deaths, and Jerada residents say they will continue, even though dozens of leaders and members of the protest movement in Rif, Hirak al Chaabi, are now on trial.
KING
Police have set up checkpoints to monitor people's movements to and from Jerada, where residents say miners gather every week in the main square to demand state aid and alternative jobs.
Some shout “Hirak, Hirak”, social media posts show, in solidarity with Rif, where protests began after a man was crushed to death in a rubbish truck trying to retrieve fish that had been caught illegally and thrown away by police.
No-one at the demonstrations calls for overthrowing the king, who heads the Muslim world's longest continuing dynasty.
Slideshow (13 Images)
Many Moroccans are wary of the kind of instability rocking Libya and other parts of the region and criticise the government and king's entourage rather than the monarch himself.
The government is investing in tourism, with a new airport for the main northeastern city of Oujda, 60 km (40 miles) from Jerada, to bring tourists to equally new nearby coastal resorts.
It announced auto industry projects worth 1.23 billion euros($1.54 billion) in December and hopes the currency reform will boost investment and help growth reach 3.4 percent this year, after 4 percent last year, when agricultural output was better.
Manufacturing jobs have been created, but not enough for a growing population and many young Moroccans have sought work abroad.
The king has called for more development, fired top officials in October after a state agency found inequality, and sent a close ally, Agricultural Minister Aziz Akhenouch, to Jerada late in January to talk to angry residents.
Akhenouch, one of Morocco's richest men, announced agricultural investments worth around 28 million dirhams ($8 million), local media said, but protests resumed the next day.
“The king is probably the only one who can solve this,” said Hoummani, the activist.
Geoff Porter from North Africa risk consulting said the government would find it hard to stick to its market liberalisation without alienating the rural poor.
At the Marrakech conference, Prime Minster Saad Eddine El Othman said the government was rolling out programs to remove inequalities.
Abdelghani Ajjani from a Jerada commission negotiating with authorities, had yet to be convinced. “The government has made the same promises they made when closing the mines,” they said. “There are people here who think the king should visit Jerada.”
($1 = 9.1822 Moroccan dirham)
($1 = 0.7992 euros)
Remember when Mitsubishi squeezed 440 horsepower from a turbocharged four-cylinder 2.0-liter engine? It happened about four years ago when the limited-run Lancer Evolution X FQ-440 MR came out in the United Kingdom with 440 horsepower and 412 pound-feet (558 Newton-meters) of torque. Fast forward to present day, that special edition is starting to pale in comparison to Posaidon's little monster based on the outgoing Mercedes-AMG A45.
The German tuner fiddled with the compact car's 2.0-liter engine born in Affalterbach and managed to extract a whopping 169 hp for a grand total of 550 hp. The torque generated by the four-cylinder mill was also boosted from the series 475 Nm (350 lb-ft) to no less than 660 Nm (487 lb-ft) channeled to the 4Matic all-wheel-drive system. Fun fact: the torque is actually electronically limited to preserve durability of the internals.
How were they able to increase output by such a significant margin? AMG's M133 received an upgraded turbocharger, bigger charge air cooling, motorsport-derived spark plugs, revised air intake, and a completely new exhaust system made from stainless steel and equipped with an electrically controlled valve. The four-cylinder also features a water-methanol injection system and a re-mapped ECU tailored to the modified hardware.
Naturally, Posaidon also had to tweak the seven-speed, dual-clutch transmission to make sure it would cope with all the extra muscle. The good news is the tuner mentions it will further modify the AMG DCT in order to make it handle even more torque, because 660 Nm in a compact hot hatch is obviously not enough.
Mercedes-AMG has promised to give the next-generation A45 more power, but don't expect anything remotely close to this tuner project possessed by the horsepower demon. The new A45 likely due to arrive next year will have over 400 hp, with a rumored hybrid version to be launched further down the line with a higher output. Meanwhile, a warm A35 will be out in the second half of the year with over 300 horses.
Source: Posaidon
Most parenting programs aim to teach parents how to reduce their children's disruptive behavior. New research looked at more than 150 studies of these programs, finding differences in what works best according to whether or not children already showed behavior problems.
The work was conducted by researchers at the University of Amsterdam, Cardiff University, University of Oxford, and Utrecht University. It appears in the journal Child Development, a publication of the Society for Research in Child Development.
"We found that when severely disruptive behavior had already emerged in children, a combination of teaching parents how to manage behavior along with relationship-building strategies was more effective than just teaching parents how to manage behavior," explains Patty Leijten, assistant professor of child development at the University of Amsterdam, who led the study. "However, when disruptive behavior had not yet emerged as a problem, teaching parents both strategies was not more helpful than teaching behavior-management strategies alone."
Severely disruptive behavior was defined as openly uncooperative and hostile behavior, including frequent temper tantrums, excessive arguing with adults, and deliberate attempts to annoy or upset others. Behavior-management strategies include praise to increase positive behavior and negative consequences like timeouts to reduce disruptive behavior. Relationship-building strategies include encouraging parents to be sensitive to their children's needs.
The researchers looked at 156 studies on the effectiveness of parenting programs for reducing disruptive behavior in children ages 2 to10; the studies involved more than 15,000 families from a range of socioeconomic backgrounds in 20 countries. Because the programs varied by whether they taught parents just behavior-management strategies or both relationship-building and behavior-management strategies, the study could compare the effectiveness of these commonly used approaches.
"Policymakers and service providers should be aware that different families may need different strategies to reduce disruptive behavior in children. Programs designed to prevent severe disruptive behavior and to treat severe disruptive behavior may require different approaches," suggests G.J. Melendez-Torres, senior lecturer in social sciences and health at the University of Cardiff, who coauthored the study. "Adding relationship building to behavior management may benefit children who have not yet developed severe disruptive behavior in other ways, such as encouraging better overall communication between parents and children, but it doesn't help reduce disruptive behavior in these children. However, for children who have already developed severe disruptive behavior, adding relationship building to behavior management is key to reducing these problems."
###
The study was funded by the UBS Optimus Foundation and the Research Institute of Child Development and Education of the University of Amsterdam.
Summarized from Child Development, Are Relationship Enhancement and Behavior Management "The Golden Couple" for Disruptive Child Behavior? Two Meta-Analyses by Leijten, P (now at the University of Amsterdam, formerly and the University of Oxford), Melendez-Torres, GJ (now at Cardiff University, formerly at the University of Warwick), Gardner, F (University of Oxford), van Aar, J (University of Amsterdam), Schulz, S (now at Utrecht University, formerly at the University of Amsterdam), and Overbeek, G (University of Amsterdam). Copyright 2018
The Society for Research in Child Development, Inc. All rights reserved.
By BEN WALKER, AP Baseball Writer
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — Now that Shohei Ohtani and Giancarlo Stanton picked their new places to play, baseball bosses checked into the winter meetings primed to make moves that had been bottled up for weeks.
The market for relievers quickly warmed Sunday, even before many teams got down to business.
Luke Gregerson found a spot in the St. Louis bullpen, and Brandon Morrow could be closing for the Cubs. Still available: free agents Wade Davis, Greg Holland and Brandon Kintzler.
“There are a lot of guys out there, a lot of teams looking for relief pitching,” New York Mets general manager Sandy Alderson. “We think there are some values.
“I don't think that we will jump into the inferno, but we do want to improve our bullpen,” they said.
Plenty of top hitters are in play, too, a list topped by J.D. Martinez and Eric Hosmer. Yu Darvish and Jake Arrieta are among the starters listening to offers.
Stanton was expected at the resort hotel near Disney World on Monday. As workers finished putting bright red poinsettias around the lobby, the New York Yankees prepared to unveil their big holiday present.
Having turned down chances to slug for the Cardinals and Giants, the big-bopping Stanton got a trade they liked. The NL MVP who led the majors in home runs and RBIs was ready to move from the Miami Marlins and put on pinstripes.
That deal, set to send All-Star second baseman Starlin Castro to the Marlins, could have a domino effect — Miami might flip them fast to the Mets.
“I've talked to a couple of people who were involved in the Stanton discussions who I think do feel as if they've been somewhat liberated to talk about other things,” Alderson said.
Ohtani, the prized pitcher/hitter from Japan, chose to join the Los Angeles Angels and was presented over the weekend by their new club.
“There were lots of teams that were involved in Ohtani,” Alderson said. “Now we have the winter meetings, so I think we have the right forum and I think some things have been cleared away, and I do think activity will pick up.”
The Cardinals got busy, reaching a deal with Gregerson, according to a person familiar with the negotiations.
Gregerson will get an $11 million, two-year contract. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because the agreement was subject to a physical and had not yet been announced.
The 33-year-old righty was 2-3 with a career-high 4.57 ERA in 65 relief appearances for Houston. They didn't permit a run in five postseason appearances as the Astros won their first World Series championship.
The Cubs anticipate losing Davis, but seem to have filled the void with Morrow. Multiple reports have the 33-year-old righty joining Chicago.
Morrow was 6-0 with two saves and a 2.06 ERA in 45 games for the Los Angeles Dodgers last season. They notably then pitched in all seven World Series games.
Also on deck Monday: the arrivals of the newest Hall of Famers, longtime Detroit Tigers teammates Jack Morris and Alan Trammell. A day after a 16-man committee elected them, Morris and Trammell were set to stroll through the hotel halls as baseball royalty.
“I am still overwhelmed,” Trammell said. “At this particular time, I don't know what else to say.”
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
TOKYO — David Goffin and Marin Cilic reached the semifinals of the Japan Open in contrasting styles on Friday.
Goffin recovered from a 5-2 deficit in the first set and won 10 of the next 11 games to beat Richard Gasquet 7-5, 6-2. The top-seeded Cilic defeated Ryan Harrison 6-2, 6-0.
Goffin will face Diego Schwartzman in the semifinals on Saturday before Cilic takes on Adrian Mannarino.
Goffin, who lost in last year's final, has been on a winning run in Asia. Last weekend, they claimed their first title in three years in Shenzhen, China.
Gasquet was leading 3-2 in the first when the roof was closed in anticipation of heavy rain, and Goffin struggled to regain their rhythm after the 15-minute delay.
"It's never easy to start again," Goffin said. "I needed one or two games just to get used to the conditions, then I started to feel the ball really well, feel my rhythm, become more aggressive game after game."
Gasquet had three set points on serve at 40-0 in the ninth game, but the Belgian won that and the next six games.
The win moved Goffin to No. 11 in the ATP Race to London rankings. With Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka out for the season, 10th place will be enough to secure a place at the season-ending tournament.
Cilic had 11 aces and dropped only one point on their first serve.
"My serving was exceptionally good, I played really aggressive after my serves and I managed to return well a lot of good first serves from Ryan," Cilic said. "To play like this is a very big boost to my confidence."
Mangum's injury occurred on the last play of a 19-13 loss to Utah on Sept. 9. On the second Saturday of September 2015, their touchdown pass on a fourth-down play in the final minute sent the Cougars ahead of Boise State and extended the remarkable start of their college career. They had thrown a game-winning TD pass on the last play at Nebraska the previous week.
Early childhood interventions may have some efficacy in boosting measures of child health and development in low income countries, but more work is needed to sort out how to implement these interventions, according to a new set of studies published this week in PLOS Medicine.
Previous work has suggested that early childhood interventions--those focused on the first 1000 days of life--have the potential to offset some negative impacts of adversity on child development. In one new study, Peter Rockers of Boston University, USA, and colleagues followed 526 pairs of children and caregivers in a cluster-randomized trial done in Southern Province, Zambia. All children were 6 to 12 months of age at the start of the study. 258 pairs received no intervention, while the other 268 were visited twice a month by a Child Development Agent, to monitor the child's health, and invited to attend twice monthly parenting group meetings, where they learned a diverse parenting curriculum.
After two years, children who had been in the intervention group were less likely to show signs of stunting and scored higher on measures of language, but the intervention did not significantly impact cognition, motor skills, or adaptive behavior. "In settings like Zambia, where optimal child nutrition and stimulation are often lacking, parenting groups hold promise for improving child health and welfare," the authors say. "However, improvements in child development may not be immediate and continued and sustained efforts are likely needed."
In a second paper, Alison Andrew of University College London, UK, and colleagues randomized 1419 children aged 12-24 months, living in 96 towns in Colombia, to receive either no intervention, participation in a home visit program, micronutrient supplementation, or both of the latter interventions. Home visits followed a structured curriculum, with an emphasis on cognition and language, and the goal of increasing maternal-child interactions. After two years, the researchers found no effect on cognition, behavior, or home stimulation. "It is possible that the initial effects on child development were too small to be sustained or that the lack of continued impact on home stimulation contributed to fade out," the authors write.
In an accompanying Perspective, Mark Tomlinson of Stellenbosch University, South Africa, discusses the challenge of determining why the effects of early interventions may fade out by middle childhood. "In contexts of high risk and adversity the impact of early interventions may be more durable when they are built upon by interventions during later years," they write. Scaling up these interventions also requires more work, they add, noting that some interventions are not scalable in their current form. "Looking to the future, the early childhood development field requires rigorous implementation science research that examines the best models... to achieve impact."
###
Research Article - Rockers et al
Funding:
The first year of the study was funded through grants from Grand Challenges Canada (0349-03) and PATH (DFI.1836-672968-GRT). The second year of the study was funded through a grant from the Policy Research Fund at the Department for International Development (DFID), United Kingdom (55204321). At the time of the study, author RCH worked in the DFID Zambia office and was not part of the Policy Research Fund team. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Competing Interests:
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Citation:
Rockers PC, Zanolini A, Banda B, Chipili MM, Hughes RC, Hamer DH, et al. (2018) Two-year impact of community-based health screening and parenting groups on child development in Zambia: Follow-up to a cluster-randomized controlled trial. PLoS Med 15(4): e1002555. https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1371/ journal. pmed. 1002555
Author Affiliations:
Department of Global Health, Boston University School of Public Health, Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America
American Institutes for Research-Zambia Office, Lusaka, Zambia
Zambia Center for Applied Health Research and Development, Lusaka, Zambia
Department of Psychology, University of Zambia, Lusaka, Zambia
UK Department for International Development, London, United Kingdom
Section of Infectious Diseases, Department of Medicine, Boston Medical Center, Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America
Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute, Basel, Switzerland
University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland
In your coverage please use this URL to provide access to the freely available paper:
http://journals. plos. org/ plosmedicine/ article?id= 10. 1371/ journal. pmed. 1002555
Research Article - Andrew et al
Funding:
This study was supported by a grant from the World Bank's Strategic Impact Evaluation Fund (http://www. worldbank. org/ en/ programs/ sief-trust-fund ), grant reference #7172151. In addition OA's time was partly funded by the Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC) Professorial Fellowship #ES/K01070011. CM's time was partly funded by the Cowles Foundation and National Institutes of Health #R01 HD 7210. AA's, MRC's and EF's time was partly funded by the ESRC Centre for Microeconomic Analysis of Public Policy at the Institute for Fiscal Studies. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Competing Interests:
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Citation:
Andrew A, Attanasio O, Fitzsimons E, Grantham-McGregor S, Meghir C, Rubio-Codina M (2018) Impacts 2 years after a scalable early childhood development intervention to increase psychosocial stimulation in the home: A follow-up of a cluster randomised controlled trial in Colombia. PLoS Med 15(4): e1002556. https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1371/ journal. pmed. 1002556
Author Affiliations:
Institute for Fiscal Studies, London, United Kingdom
Department of Economics, University College London, London, United Kingdom
Institute of Education, University College London, London, United Kingdom
Institute of Child Health, University College London, London, United Kingdom
Department of Economics, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut, United States of America
Inter-American Development Bank, Washington, District of Columbia, United States of America
In your coverage please use this URL to provide access to the freely available paper:
http://journals. plos. org/ plosmedicine/ article?id= 10. 1371/ journal. pmed. 1002556
Perspective
Funding:
The author received no specific funding for this work.
Competing Interests:
I have read the journal's policy and the author of this manuscript has the following competing interest: MT is a member of the Editorial Board of PLOS Medicine.
Citation:
Tomlinson M (2018) From surviving to thriving: What evidence is needed to move early child-development interventions to scale? PLoS Med 15(4): e1002557. https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1371/ journal. pmed. 1002557
Author Affiliations:
Department of Psychology, Stellenbosch University, Stellenbosch, South Africa Centre of Excellence in Human Development, University Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, South Africa
In your coverage please use this URL to provide access to the freely available paper:
1:05 Sneak peek at Columbiana's Dave and Buster's Pause
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
She's thinking pink!
Kylie Jenner — who's pregnant with their first child, a girl, with boyfriend Travis Scott — has been busy stocking up on fancy baby gear, a source tells PEOPLE.
“Kylie is having a lot of fun picking out items for their baby. She's definitely leaning towards pink hues and having fun with the fact that she's having a girl,” the source says.
The mom-to-be's purchases include plenty of cute clothes and baby gear, including a stroller.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED VIDEO: Kylie Jenner Shows Off 20-Foot Christmas Tree – Is It Inspired by Them Baby's Sex?
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
Although Jenner has yet to announce their pregnancy, which multiple sources confirmed to PEOPLE in September, the makeup mogul has appeared to drop some hints at the sex of the baby she's carrying.
On Thursday, they gave fans a look at their 20-foot Christmas tree, which was covered in giant pink ornaments.
Complete with a backdrop of Marilyn Monroe pop art prints, the tree took up Jenner's entire entryway. A pink bow emoji in the reality star's caption might have also been a nod to their little one on the way.
“Thank you @jeffleatham & their team for making my XMAS dreams come true! 20 feet of magic! Even more perfect in real life … 🎀,” they wrote in the caption on social media.
The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star has also previously posted cryptic photos of pink decorations and pink butterfly jewelry. Butterflies have special significance for Jenner and Scott. This summer, the couple got matching ankle butterfly tattoos and one of the rapper's most popular tracks is “Butterfly Effect.”
Kylie Jenner/Instagram. Inset: Frazer Harrison/Getty
RELATED VIDEO: Pregnant Kylie Jenner Is ‘Self-Conscious' About Them Changing Body, Says Source
Since the news of their pregnancy broke, the mom-to-be has avoided stepping out into the spotlight. While Jenner is very involved in their beauty business, they have no plans to go out in a public capacity until their baby is born.
“Kylie wants to disappear and be out of the spotlight and focus on their health and happiness,” a source close to the family previously told PEOPLE.
“Kylie isn't going to publicly address their pregnancy until they give birth. She's not doing any public appearances and just wanted to take six months off,” the source added.
OPTUS Stadium management has belatedly acknowledged growing feedback from players concerned about its surface and locked out clubs from training at the ground for three weeks in a bid to make the oval softer.
Sydney coach John Longmire became the latest coach to voice their concerns about the ground after confirming Lance Franklin would miss the Swans' game at Geelong on Saturday.
They have battled a heel injury since their round one win over West Coast at Optus Stadium.
The news followed serious leg injuries to West Coast youngsters Liam Ryan (ankle) and Daniel Venables (ankle), Fremantle pair Bradley Hill (knee) and Matt Taberner (foot), plus Geelong's Nakia Cockatoo (knee) and Cam Guthrie (ankle).
West Coast chief executive Trevor Nisbett revealed discussions between the clubs, the AFL and Optus Stadium management on Monday led to a decision to deny access for training sessions for three weeks to give the surface time to be rectified.
A stadium spokesperson insisted yesterday its testing complied with AFL requirements but said it had listened to the clubs and decided to act.
“While the surface success-fully meets and in fact tests at the softer end of the required AFL standards, some players have reported the ground feels firm by comparison to the old Subiaco Oval,” they said.
“Optus Stadium management takes this feedback very seriously. The rye grass was sown into the turf in February ahead of the AFL season and as it continues to grow, it will ultimately assist to make the surface feel softer.
Camera Icon Will Optus Stadium's surface soften? Picture: Getty Images
“In order for the rye to have the best possible conditions to grow, the AFL, West Coast Eagles and Fremantle Dockers have agreed to conduct training sessions away from Optus Stadium for the next three weeks.
“The away teams in rounds seven and eight, Port Adelaide and St Kilda, have also agreed with this plan and will train elsewhere.”
Nisbett said the club understood the challenges with laying new turf. They and Fremantle chief executive Steve Rosich were prepared to accept that the spate of injuries hadn't been directly caused by the surface.
Despite the testing results indicating there wasn't an issue, Nisbett said it was important to check other parts of the oval given players were telling them that Optus Stadium was the hardest ground in the AFL.
“Currently the players are saying that it is,” Nisbett said.
“We've had the opportunity to play on Etihad this year, which is normally the hardest surface and the toughest to recover from. Certainly at this stage, they are saying Optus is a tad harder and it takes them a bit longer to recover.
“The clubs who have played here and the boys who have played with our club certainly think it's a harder surface than they've played on.”
AFL football operations manager Steve Hocking said it sought assurances from Optus Stadium management that measures were being taken to soften the surface. Clubs had taken their concerns to the league since the stadium opened this year.
“It's certainly something that the coaches are talking about,” Hocking said.
“Players are so finely tuned now. They notice the variation from ground to ground and there are so many different grounds that they play at.”
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Jim Carrey is being criticized on social media for a portrait they painted that is believed to be White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
The actor and comedian on Saturday tweeted the painting with the caption: “This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous!”
This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous! pic.twitter.com/MeYLTy1pqb — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 17, 2018
Some Twitter users accused Carrey of shaming because of the unflattering portrait. Others were critical of their use of Christian.
A spokesperson for Carrey confirms it is their painting. But they would not confirm it is Sanders.
The White House has not returned a message seeking comment.
BEIRUT (AP) - Syrian President Bashar Assad is threatening to attack a region held by U.S.-backed Kurdish fighters in northeastern Syria if talks fail to bring the area back under Damascus' authority.
Assad said in an interview with Russia Today television which aired on Thursday that the U.S. troops, who operate air bases and outposts in the Kurdish-administered region, will have to leave country.
They say they have opened the door to negotiations with the Kurdish-run administration while also preparing to "liberate by force."
Forces loyal to Assad, who is backed by Russia and Iran, and the Syrian Kurds have clashed sporadically over the eastern oil province of Deir el-Zour. They led rival fronts against Islamic State militants last year, and they maintain a protracted front against each other along the Euphrates River.
Concerns about biodiversity tend to focus on the loss of species, but a new study suggests that the loss of variation within species can also have important and unexpected consequences on the environment.
Many species play important roles in nature and provide services important to people. For example, many fish species are harvested for food, and many insect species pollinate wild and cultivated plants. The loss of these species may mean the loss of ecosystem services, which is a major motivation for preventing species extinctions.
Yet, a new study published Dec. 4 in Nature Ecology & Evolution found that the ecological effects of variations within species may be far reaching and often rival those of the entire species themselves.
"When we think of how human activities are impacting biodiversity, we are used to the idea that we're causing the extinction of a whole species," said Nash Turley, a postdoctoral research associate at the University of Central Florida and a co- author of the study. "But what we haven't thought about so much is the impact of losing biodiversity within a species. We barely know what variations within species are being lost. The times we have studied it, we see there are a lot more variations of species being lost than whole species. Our findings should make us second guess the idea that it's safe to ignore the variation seen within species."
Variation within species affects how organisms interact with each other and their surrounding environment. For example, the size of a fish's mouth, known as its gape, varies and determines the size of prey it can eat. Much of the time, traits like fish gape are adaptive; they help organisms live in a changing world. However, much less is known about how variation within species affects broader ecosystems.
This study, which was led by Simone Des Roches from UC Santa Cruz, examined all available studies that compared the ecological effects of variation within species to the effects of species presence (removing the species or replacing it with another). The 25 studies measured a total of 144 different ecological responses from various types of plants, animals and fungi. Their results show that variation within species, such as the effects of large- and small-gaped fish populations on zooplankton, are often similar to-and can sometimes be stronger than--whole species effects.
On average, species tend to have larger effects on ecosystems. Yet over a third of studies examined showed that swapping different variants of the same species had similar ecological effects as removing that species entirely or replacing it with a completely different species. And nearly half of all the studies evaluated documented at least one ecological response that was more strongly affected by variation within species than by a species' presence.
"Traditionally, ecologists have focused on the ecological importance of biodiversity among species. This paper broadly establishes within-species biodiversity as critical for ecology," said Eric Palkovacs, an associate professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at UC Santa Cruz and co-author of the paper.
The study suggests that protecting trait variation within species is not only important for the future of evolution, but also potentially critical for the functioning of current and future ecosystems.
"It's troubling because it suggests that human activities that impact diversity within species could cause ecological issues long before species go extinct," Turley said.
###
Turley joined UCF in 2017 where they continue their research and teaches ecology classes. They have a Ph.D. in ecology and evolutionary biology from the University of Toronto, Canada. They were previously at Michigan State University and has published 15 academic articles since 2011 in addition to presenting at several national and international conferences.
In addition to Turley, Des Roches and Palkovacs, the co-authors of the paper include David Post at Yale University; Joseph Bailey and Jennifer Schweitzer at the University of Tennessee; Andrew Hendry at McGill University; and Michael Kinnison at the University of Maine. This work was funded by the Quebec Centre for Biodiversity, the UC Institute for the Study of Ecological and Evolutionary Climate Impacts, the David and Lucile Packard Foundation, and the National Science Foundation.
Jennifer Flores
News Editor
April Ryan, a White House analyst since the Clinton era, visited Benedictine University as a speaker for the Center for Civic Leadership (CCL). They appeared as the Spring Speaker on April 17, 2018 in Benedictine's Goodwin Hall Auditorium.
Ryan was introduced by the CCL fellow Kellen McCullum. They presented themselves as an unbiased reporter with a neutral political standing. They began their speech with a small overview of them over 20 years of experience as a White House reporter.
They later continued by addressing the influx of fake news in the country through a series of metaphors. They highlighted how the founding fathers included the freedom of the press in the constitution for accountability of the President. They also mentioned the founding fathers were unable to account for the creation of social media.
“Harry Belafonte once said to me, ‘This is the greatest time because when there is great pain. It calls for radical activists. And it doesn't matter who is the leader. It is about we the people,'” said Ryan regarding the night Trump was elected President.
Ryan mentions how they noticed there was a shift in the mindset from the 50's to now. Back then people were dying for the right to vote. Yet, now there are protests about not voting.
The turn out for the event included a large amount of students as well as the general public. The Q&A portion of the event was different than usual with a switch to notecards instead of the standard microphone usage. Ryan's focus was how there is power in numbers and how people tend to forget that. It is the people's responsibility to make the change that they want to see in the country.
“The biggest thing we want to promote is to be civil to one another. To listen and to realize that you don't have to have as much hatred to have disagreements,” said Dr. Phil Hardy, assistant professor and director of the CCL, about the event.
“It's about ‘We the people' that aspire to inspire,” said Ryan to close the event.
With contribution from staff writer Matthew Naughton.
EDITOR'S NOTE: The Review Times is publishing its annual Community Update in Friday's newspaper. The 16-page special section includes stories and photos of the progress the city, schools, industries and businesses have made in the past year. The story below is a sampling of what readers can expect in Friday's Community Update 2017.
By RON CRAIG
STAFF WRITER
The biggest accomplishment for Seneca County over the past year is unquestionably the start of construction of a new Joint Justice Center, being built on the same site as the previous county courthouse, at the intersection of Washington and Market streets in downtown Tiffin.
After years of contentious debate, the former courthouse constructed in 1884 was torn down beginning in 2010, but not before the county commissioners in office at the time had researched the possibility of saving the aging and dilapidating, but historical structure.
Listening to proposals from groups who thought they might be able to help raise money to save and/or restore it, those commissioners had held out hope it could be spared.
Over the objections of many, the wrecking ball was eventually called in to demolish the unique structure that was mostly Gothic in style with a modern clock tower that had been put on many, many years after the original construction.
The look was unique, indeed, with strangers to the area looking twice at the structure that was somewhat of an odd mixture of old and new. It all seemed to be fine with the locals, however, who had grown accustomed to the look.
For the next several years, different county commissioners mulled what to do with the prime commercial location, eying what they might be able to do to construct a new courthouse.
They knew the county's Juvenile and Probate courts were housed in buildings that had their own issues, and building a new courthouse would allow those other courts to move to a much better location.
Along came the idea that a new structure could be built with some money thrown in by the city of Tiffin if it could also include space for the city's municipal court. Therein lay the concept of a Joint Justice Center, “joint” because it was a collaborative effort between the county and the city of Tiffin.
When the price tag for the new JJC came in at $15 million, there were those who grumbled the 1884 courthouse could have been remodeled for much less, but that ship had already sailed as it was already demolished.
With the city of Tiffin kicking in $3 million, the county found a way to come up with the rest. According to County Administrator Stacy Wilson, $8.6 million in bonding was secured for the construction costs. Commissioners had also saved up another $2 million over a four- or five-year period. The judges pitched in another $500,000, and a similar amount was received in the form of a state loan. The remaining $400,000 will come from the county's general fund.
“We also hope some of the money we set aside for contingencies (for construction costs) won't be needed,” Wilson explained, adding any such savings would require less money from the general fund.
On a hot, steamy July 22 afternoon last year, ground was finally broken on the site for the new JJC. With state and local dignitaries on hand, the ceremonial shovels of dirt were turned over. The very next week, construction began.
Last week, Commissioner Holly Stacy gave a construction update on the project, noting the third floor beams were recently set.
Museum reorganization
Another project years in the making was brought to fruition this past year with the reorganization of county-owned and operated museum. The operation was nearly closed in 2012 because of a lack of funding, but a local historical society agreed to run it at little to no cost to the county.
Tonia Hoffert agreed at the time to manage the museum on a non-paid, volunteer basis.
There was little movement on the project for the next three years. Last year, however, Commissioner Stacy took on the project, forming an advisory committee to get the ball rolling on hiring a paid museum director as some new sources of funding had been found.
Late last year, the commissioners were ready to move forward filling the position. Resumes were accepted, and the search for a museum director was underway.
Like the courthouse issue, the museum project was not without its controversy. In December, several people attended a county commissioners meeting because they heard Hoffert was not going to be offered the director's position.
During a contentious meeting, people strongly voiced their objections to the county hiring anyone other than Hoffert. They said they had personal knowledge of the local museum and was qualified to continue running it.
More importantly, they said, they had been good enough to run the museum for several years without being paid, but now that the position would come with a salary, it appeared they aren't good enough for the job.
Most of those who attended the meeting were other volunteers at the museum, and they threatened to walk out on it if Hoffert was not selected.
It turned out the position had already been offered to a person in Alaska, and that person had accepted the position. That is, until they got wind the volunteers, who would be sorely needed to make the museum successful, would walk out without Hoffert at the helm. The person who was the county's first choice then removed their name from the running.
Stacy went back to the drawing board, reopening the search that would again include Hoffert. Commissioners hired Hoffert in late December.
Regional Planning Commission
Also undergoing a reorganization this past year was the Seneca County Regional Planning Commission.
While RPC is a separate entity and not directly controlled by county government, the two work hand-in-hand.
In April 2016, Charlene Watkins was hired as the new executive director for the organization. They immediately went to work making appearances at city and village council meetings, offering their assistance to them in applying for and obtaining grant funding.
As it had been several years since a land use plan had been completed for the county, Watkins began working toward having another one performed. Such projects are expensive, but many local government and economic development officials felt one was necessary if the county was to attract new business and the new jobs that come along with them.
To afford the LUP, Watkins suggested raising by 50 percent the assessments the county, townships, cities and villages pay to RPC. RPC's board voted in October to raise those assessments.
The RPC board voted to approve a 2017 budget on Dec.7. The new budget showed spending of $213,000, compared to the 2016 budget of $131,000, and it would have resulted in deficit spending totaling $37,000.
At that meeting, County Commissioner Mike Kerschner questioned the deficit spending, especially at a time when assessment had just been increased by 50 percent.
Over the next week or so, Kerschner continued to voice concerns about the deficit spending, and a special meeting was conducted Dec. 29 to discuss the issue.
When that late December meeting concluded, the agency had a revised budget that was balanced, showing revenues outpacing expenditures by a mere $240.
EMS
Clearly the biggest story for the county's EMS system was the application for and the securing of a $330,000 grant that was used to buy three new ambulances for the county's six volunteer EMS squads.
The new units replaced other aging units in the county's fleet of seven front-line ambulances that are supplemented by a few spares that are used as back-up units.
Part of the purchase included four lift/load devices that allow EMTs and paramedics to load patients into the ambulances without them manually lifting the stretchers during the patient loading process.
The devices have proven all over the nation to reduce back and other injuries suffered as EMS personnel load bariatric (obese) patients into the ambulances.
The fourth lift/load unit was installed in one of the county's older ambulances, and Ken Majors, the county's EMS director, hopes to purchase three more for the other front-line units.
Another big advance came last month when the county's EMS Echo unit expanded from a part-time service to a 24/7 operation.
The paramedic-staffed Echo unit responds with the county's volunteer squads to provide advanced life support patient care for those with life-threatening illnesses and injuries.
On Jan. 7, the Echo unit began responding on a full-time basis.
A big change in the county's EMS system came in 2016 when two townships and one village joined forces to break away from the county system and contract with a private ambulance company for 24/7 provision of 9-1-1 advanced life support service.
In November 2015, tax levies were approved by voters in Adams Township and the village of Green Springs to pay for the service, to be provided by Milan-based North Central EMS. Voters in Pleasant Township turned down their levy, but trustees there came up with some money from their general fund to help pay for the service.
A new ambulance and its crew took up residence in the Green Springs fire station in the fall, and officials from that area have said they are happy with the service they are getting from North Central.
Some other townships and villages have continued to struggle to keep enough volunteers to man their EMS squads. While the county's Echo unit has helped the situation, official knew it is not the answer to the problem.
Recognizing the possible need for changes that may address the volunteer issue, Kerschner spearheaded meetings that began in January to give township and village officials a forum that provided them an opportunity to be heard on the issue.
One of the ideas that was to be discussed at the meetings was the possibility of the county changing to a full-time, paid EMS system. While county officials wanted input on such ideas, they repeatedly gave thanks and praise to the county's volunteers who had kept the system going for nearly 40 years.
The meeting in January was attended by officials from every township, and another meeting was scheduled for Feb. 8 to further deliberate the issues. It was thought at the time the February meeting might be the beginning of a series of meetings attended by a smaller group of officials to explore alternatives.
As all three county commissioners listened to the township and village officials, it became clear they didn't think it was quite time to turn to a full-time, paid service for the county. Acknowledging the day is coming when such a change may be necessary, they want to keep trying to make the current volunteer system work.
At the end of the meeting, Kerschner said there would be no more such meetings, and the issue would be turned over to Majors for them to handle.
Park District
Also facing issues with dwindling volunteers, the county's park district decided it was time to put a property tax on the November ballot.
The levy would fund several projects to improve parks in the county, but one of the most important investments from tax monies would be to hire a full-time parks director.
Park officials fanned out all over the county, attending meetings to push for passage of the levy. They would help get the word out how important the levy would be for the parks and the county residents who enjoyed them.
The issue passed, and park officials wasted no time getting the ball rolling to find a new director.
As of last week, the district had received nearly 20 applications for the job.
Comments
comments
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by the editors of HealthDay:
George H.W. Bush Hospitalized Due to Blood Infection
Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush is being treated for a blood infection in a Houston hospital.
Bush, 93, was admitted Sunday morning to Houston Methodist Hospital after an infection spread to their blood, spokesperson Jim McGrath said on Twitter Monday, the Associated Press reported.
The former president and vice president is "responding to treatments and appears to be recovering," according to McGrath.
On Saturday, Bush attended the funeral of their wife, Barbara, who died at age 92. They were married for 73 years, the longest presidential marriage in U.S. history.
Bush has a form of Parkinson's disease and uses a wheelchair and electric scooter. In recent years, they have been hospitalized several times for respiratory problems, the AP reported.
McGrath provided no details about Bush's condition and said further updates would be provided "as events warrant."
In their eulogy for their mother Saturday, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said their father was in the hospital at the same time Barbara Bush was in the hospital just before their death. At the time, those hospitalizations were not made public, the AP reported.
"I think Dad got sick on purpose so that they could be with her," Jeb Bush said.
A year ago, Bush was hospitalized for two weeks due to pneumonia and chronic bronchitis. In January 2017, Bush spent 16 days in hospital for pneumonia. During that hospital stay, they spent time in intensive care and doctors inserted a breathing tube and connected them to a ventilator, the AP reported.
Bush also was hospitalized in 2015 after falling and breaking a bone in their neck, in December 2014 for shortness of breath, and at Christmas 2012 for bronchitis-related cough and other problems.
People in their 90s with Parkinson's disease can be at higher risk for pneumonia and other infections due to swallowing problems, Dr. David Reuben, professor of geriatric medicine at the UCLA medical school in Los Angeles, told the AP.
"And the stress of losing a loved one can weaken the immune system," they noted.
-----
New CDC Director's Salary Nearly Twice That of Predecessor
The new director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is being paid nearly twice as much as the previous director and much more than other past directors.
Dr. Robert Redfield Jr. is receiving $375,000 a year, compared with the annual salary of $197,300 for Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald, who held the post for six months before resigning in January, the Associated Press reported.
Redfield's salary is at least $150,000 higher than any other previous CDC director, and he's making more than their boss, Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar, who earns $199,700 a year, an HHS spokesperson said.
Redfield also makes more than National Institutes of Health head Dr. Francis Collins and more than double the $155,500 paid to Food and Drug Administration chief Dr. Scott Gottlieb, the AP reported.
Taking the CDC job meant a large pay cut for Redfield, whose base salary at the University of Maryland about a year ago was about $650,000, publicly available information shows. Last week, the Wall Street Journal reported that Redfield made about $757,000 between January 2017 and March 2018, plus a $70,000 bonus.
While Redfield is a leading HIV researcher, they have no prior experience working in public health or managing a public health agency, the AP reported.
For a person with Redfield's background, their CDC salary is modest by private industry measures, but high for a government public health position.
"It is an exceptional amount of money for what we've seen in the past for (CDC) directors," Angela Beck, a University of Michigan researcher who studies public health workforce issues, told the AP.
Redfield is being paid under a salary program meant to attract highly-qualified health scientists to government work. The heads of the HHS, NIH and FDA are not eligible for the program, and their salaries are set by law.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
LIVERPOOL 1 EVERTON 1
Premier League - Liverpool vs Everton - Anfield, Liverpool, Britain - December 10, 2017 Everton's Wayne Rooney celebrates scoring their first goal Action Images via Reuters/Lee Smith
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Everton captain Wayne Rooney equalised from the penalty spot in a Merseyside derby that ended 1-1 at Anfield on Sunday and left Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp fuming.
With the snow swirling, Rooney stepped up in the 77th-minute and sent the ball straight down the middle. It was their first goal in a match between two of English football's greatest rivals.
Mohamed Salah earlier fired Liverpool ahead with a 42nd-minute stunner that sent the Egyptian clear of Tottenham Hotspur's England striker Harry Kane as the league's top marksman with 13 goals this season.
Liverpool stayed fourth with 30 points, 13 adrift of leaders Manchester City who were playing later at second-placed Manchester United.
Chelsea is third on 32 with Sam Allardyce's Everton moving up to 10th.
While Salah's goal was a breathtaking effort, the penalty left Klopp far from speechless with the German taking issue with the referee's decision after Dejan Lovren was adjudged to have pushed Dominic Calvert-Lewin in the back.
Lovren was still protesting with officials after the final whistle while Klopp argued with a Sky Sports television interviewer.
Asked what they had said to the referee, Klopp replied: “That I don't understand what he's doing. That's what I said. I didn't use one swearing word.”
The German, who defended their decision to take off Salah with 22 minutes remaining, refused to accept it had been a penalty and said their side had been the only ones trying to win.
“The other team was not even in our box, I don't know if they had a shot on target apart from the penalty. To give them an open door like this, in my understanding, that's not OK,” they added.
Premier League - Liverpool vs Everton - Anfield, Liverpool, Britain - December 10, 2017 Everton's Wayne Rooney scores their first goal from a penalty REUTERS/Phil Noble
Klopp said Lovren had not even made a challenge.
“Calvert-Lewin makes a step...the hand is like this on the back, you saw it,” continued the manager. “If you think it is a penalty do it, say it.”
When told that it looked a soft one, Klopp laughed out loud. “So, then we can stop the interview because I only want to talk to people that have a little bit of understanding of football.”
Slideshow (11 Images)
They later apologised, adding: “There are greater catastrophes on this planet than getting a point after a game like this but it feels not too good.”
Klopp's side are now unbeaten in 10 games in all competitions, and stretched their unbeaten run against Everton in all competitions to a record-equalling 15 games.
But the manager's team selection was called into question after they left Brazilians Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino out of the starting lineup. Firmino eventually came on for Salah.
Everton enjoyed only 21 percent of possession in the game while Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson completed more passes (60) in the first half -- than all of the visiting players put together.
Allardyce said it was a huge point and had no doubt the penalty call was correct, with the referee “very brave” in their decision.
“Our defensive shape as a team was extremely good today and stopped one of the most fluent, attacking goalscoring sides probably in Europe,” said the former England manager.
”Twelve goals in two games they've scored and a brilliant goal today from Salah to get 1-0 up. But I can't honestly say they had too many clear-cut chances after that.
“While we didn't do too much in possession, we completely and utterly shut Liverpool down from an attacking force and waited for what had to be just one opportunity.”
University of Liverpool researchers, working with F2G Limited (Eccles, Manchester), have developed a new antifungal drug to help in the treatment of life threatening invasive fungal infections such as invasive aspergillosis.
Invasive fungal infections are common and often lethal. Despite optimal medical care mortality is 20-30% at six weeks and dramatically rises to 80-100% for drug resistant infection.
These infections occur most commonly in the context of leukemia and bone marrow transplantation and often in young patients with otherwise curable disease.
Orotomides
The researchers, led by Professor William Hope from the University's Antimicrobial Pharmacodynamics and Therapeutics (APT) Group, have characterised the biochemical and physiologic effects (pharmacodynamics) of F901318, which is the lead compound of the new class of drugs termed the 'orotomides'.
The 'orotomides', discovered by F2G Limited, have a novel mechanism of action which is the specific biochemical interaction through which a drug substance produces its pharmacological effect.
This is the first new class of antifungal agent to be discovered in the last three decades.
The study, which was supported by a research grant by F2G, has been published in mBio.
Clinical studies
APT's work provides the underpinning evidence for efficacy and dosage justification for the very first patients receiving the new drug. Such information is required by regulatory agencies such as the European Medicines Agency and the Food and Drug Administration before clinical studies can proceed.
Professor Hope, said: "Antifungal resistance represents a major global clinical challenge. This study provides the necessary information to enable F901318 to be developed for clinical use."
###
The full paper, 'Pharmacodynamics of the Orotomides against Aspergillus fumigatus: New Opportunities for Treatment of Multidrug-Resistant Fungal Disease', can be found here.
More information about Professor Hope's research can be found here https:/ / www. liverpool. ac. uk/ translational-medicine/ departmentsandgroups/ antimicrobial-pharmacodynamics-and-therapeutics/
It started as a police foot chase through a Las Vegas casino, and ended in a fatal choke hold of a Hawaii man.
On May 14, officer Kenneth Lopera with the Las Vegas Police Department chased 40-year-old Tashii Brown through the halls of the Venetian Hotel before allegedly striking them repeatedly and putting them in a deadly choke hold.
The incident was captured on the officer's body camera and the hotel's security footage.
Now, Brown's family is suing LVMPD, saying they shouldn't have died that night.
"This death was absolutely avoidable," Sheri Tanaka, an attorney on the legal team representing the family said. "Unfortunately Officer Lopera used a choke hold that is taught and authorized by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department."
Brown's family filed a lawsuit against the department on July 18.
"He was a good man," Kawai Kuanoni, the mother of their two children, said. "He made an effort to do everything they could to make sure they had a dad that loved them."
Kuanoni and the children, Tamara, 9, and Elias, 7, are still grieving and writing poems they believe their father can hear.
"I wish I could tell the man who did this to you how my heart aches and how mad I am, too," said Tamara, reading aloud their poem to their father.
That man, officer Lopera, was later charged with involuntary manslaughter and a second charge of oppression under color of office. The 31-year-old officer faces up to eight years in prison.
The coroner said, on the night of the incident, Brown was intoxicated by methamphetamine and had an enlarged heart when they died at the hands of the officer.
"When we went to their funeral, we didn't recognize them at all. They didn't even know that was their dad. They didn't look themselves at all because of the damage they did to their face," Kawai said.
Sandy Morton, Kawai's mother and grandmother to Elias and Tamara, believes the legal process will help the family heal.
"What I want to come out of this is justice for Tashii," Morton said. "And I want the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department to take full responsibility for what they did."
The family says Brown moved to Las Vegas to take care of their mother and was looking forward to having Tamara and Elias over for Christmas.
"I love you daddy, in my heart you will always be and I will try my best to make you proud of me. Love, Elias."
Officer Lopera's arraignment on manslaughter charges is set for August 21st in Las Vegas. He's expected to plead not guilty.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Mastitis is the most expensive disease in the dairy industry. Each clinical case can cost a dairy farmer more than $400 and damages both the cow's future output and them comfort.
Bovine mastitis is typically treated with antibiotics, but with the potential threat of antimicrobial resistance and the disease's long-term harm to the animal's teat, researchers at the Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine are laying the foundation for alternative therapies derived from stem cells.
"Antibiotics can kill the bugs," said Gerlinde Van de Walle, the Harry M. Zweig Assistant Professor in Equine Health, "but they don't help with regeneration of the damaged tissue."
Bovine mastitis damages the cow's mammary gland tissue when bacteria cause inflammation. The bacteria can enter the cow's teat when it comes in contact with a contaminated milking machine, a hand or bedding materials. This damaged mammary tissue contributes to milk production losses, quality concerns and increased labor costs.
"Bovine mastitis is the most costly disease in the dairy industry," said Daryl Nydam, DVM, Ph.D., professor in population medicine and diagnostic sciences. "The second-most-costly is almost not worth mentioning in comparison."
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, 96.9 percent of dairy facilities use antibiotics to treat clinical mastitis cases. While effective against bacteria, antibiotics alone cannot restore the damaged mammary tissue. In their March 16 paper in Scientific Reports, Van de Walle and Nydam explore how the secretions of bovine mammary stem cells can encourage healing and regrowth of damaged tissue as well as rid the mammary gland of harmful bacteria.
"Even after the bug is removed with antibiotic treatment, the milk production will usually not go to its previous highest levels because of that damage to the tissues," said Van de Walle, lead author on the paper. "That's where this alternative therapy comes in."
Van de Walle and Nydam are the first to detail what bovine mammary stem cells secrete. Others have examined the secretome of stem cells from other species, but not bovine. "It's a brand-new area of inquiry," said Nydam, and it's led to a host of discoveries.
Their report finds that the secreted factors of these stem cells carry multiple positive effects. They play a role in the formation of new blood vessels and promote the migration of cells, both of which are integral in healing tissue damaged by mastitis. Some secreted factors protect epithelial cells from damage caused by bacterial toxins, and others proved to be antimicrobial peptides that play a role in killing bacteria.
"Besides the tissue regeneration," Van de Walle said, "it could also help the antibiotics work better, since they produce some of those antibiotic properties."
The researchers also found that the secreted factors were more effective against toxins produced by gram-negative bacteria, which are generally more resistant to antibodies because of their thicker cell walls. The bacteria that cause bovine mastitis can be either gram-positive or gram-negative.
"FDA-approved intramammary antimicrobials are more effective against gram-positive bacteria," said Nydam. "So this would be a nice complement to that."
This paper is part of a concentrated effort for basic and applied science faculty to unite their research practices and address an important disease. Van de Walle's lab at the Baker Institute for Animal Health performs basic research on viral pathogenesis and stem cell biology, and Nydam is the director of Quality Milk Production Services, a program that addresses milk quality issues for producers, such as disease control and antibiotic use.
"Based on the positive effects of the bovine stem cell secretome we observed in the lab, we now have to take it to next level and test whether it also work in cows with mastitis," said Van de Walle.
###
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- Thousands of students around San Diego County walked out their classes on Wednesday morning, in response to the mass shooting at the Florida high school on Valentine's Day. For one family who moved to San Diego from Parkland, Florida one year ago, the walkout hit in the very core of their home.
“I love you so much. I'm safe,” read Lauren George.
Sitting in the safety and comfort of their Carmel Valley home, George read the texts on their phone to Fox 5.
“Is Alyssa ok? I just saw Francesca's post,” said George. “No idea. They were shot and rumors go from there.”
Lauren could hardly believe the messages they were reading. These were text messages they received a month ago, as a gunman hunted down their friends hunkered down in classrooms at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
“The room I would have been in was the room and same hallway where the shooting started,” read Lauren.
The text message was from a girlfriend who escaped the carnage only because they aren't feeling well.
“She goes, Lauren I left like an hour before the shooting I'm so lucky,” said Lauren.
While one friend escaped, other witnessed horrors only seen in movies. One friend was forced to jump over dead bodies, while another sat in silence hoping the gunman would pass their classroom. The horrors happening as Lauren sat speechless a coast away.
“I was just looking at my phone thinking what am I supposed to do how do I tell my friends to get off their phones and pray,” said Lauren.
One of Lauren's closest friends went missing.
“Some say they were alive, others said they saw their dead,” read Lauren.
The friend Alyssa, was one of the 17 killed, it was Lauren's mother who had the task of breaking the news to their daughter.
“I just hugged them and it just hit me so hard that I was still able to hug my child and Laurie would never,” said Erin.
“I didn't process it, it just kind of went through my ears didn't really hit me,” said Lauren.
“I can believe this happened to them They didn't deserve it,” read Lauren.
So, in memory of Alyssa and their friends in Florida, Lauren took their story to students at Canyon Crest High Wednesday. They told their fellow students this story as they walk out for victims of the mass shooting.
Together they took steps for a safe school, but an even safer tomorrow by asking for stricter gun control.
“You know taking action even just as a walkout is a very small step towards a greater thing,” said Lauren.
By AFP - Aug 14,2017 - Last updated at Aug 14,2017
An Iraqi woman who says their husband was a member of Daesh sits with their grandchildren at a tent in the Jada camp south of Mosul, Iraq, August 9 (Reuters photo)
BAGHDAD — Iraqi officials said Monday that preparations have been made for the battle to retake Tal Afar, a town held by the Daesh extremist group between Mosul and the Syrian border.
Federal police chief Lieutenant General Raed Shakir Jawdat said in a statement that "armoured and elite units are headed for Tal Afar", the main remaining stronghold of Daesh in northern Iraq.
The town is located 70 kilometres west of Mosul, where the extremist group declared its "caliphate" in 2014 before being ousted from the city in July.
The units, whose number has not been specified, were "regrouping in combat positions in preparation for the next battle, said the statement.
Joining them is the Hashed Al Shaabi, a Shiite-dominated coalition of paramilitary units deployed since 2014 to halt the extremist advance.
"Hashed Al Shaabi commanders met Saturday with army and police commanders to decide on the plan to free Tal Afar," spokesperson Ahmed Al Assadi told reporters.
The coalition, which includes Iran-backed militias, would take part "actively and on all fronts" in the battle for Tal Afar to be launched within days, they said.
Assadi did not give a date for the launch and said that only Prime Minister Haider Al Abadi could announce the beginning of military operations.
Daesh extremists overran Tal Afar in June 2014, when it had a population of around 200,000.
Tal Afar is surrounded by Hashed Al Shaabi and cut off from Mosul in the east and the Syrian border to the north and west.
The town was a Shiite-majority enclave in the mostly Sunni Muslim area with an overwhelming Turkmen population before its capture by Daesh.
The extremists still hold Hawija, in the province of Kirkuk, 300 kilometres north of Baghdad.
But any military offensive in Hawija is expected to be postponed due to an upcoming planned referendum on Kurdish independence.
Daesh is also still present in the western Iraqi province of Anbar, including Al Qaim area on the border with war-ravaged Syria.
Parliament Hill was brimming with members of Ottawa's Armenian community on Tuesday, a day that marked the 103rd anniversary of the Armenian genocide. Protesters commemorated the estimated 1.5 million Armenians who were killed starting in April 1915 before marching to the Turkish Embassy to call for recognition from the Turkish government.
Jimmy and Phil Philipossian, father and son, stood quietly at the edge of the Hill gathering. Jimmy Philipossian, 75, said their parents lived in Adana during the Turkish takeover of the former Armenian city. When the genocide started, they escaped.
“A very close person (to them) said, ‘You better go fast because they're going to kill both of you,' ” Philipossian said. “So my parents, they moved very fast at that time in order to survive.”
Now, more than a century after the genocide, Philipossian said it's important to remember. Father and son said it was a “big relief” to see the large number of people at Tuesday's gathering.
“There was a tremendous amount of land that was lost along with the lives … you cannot forget such a past,” they said.
But the Armenians weren't alone on the Hill or in front of the embassy. They were met with by Turkish counter-protest one-third the size of the Armenian turnout. They say the killings that took place beginning in 1915 happened in the context of civil war, and did not deserve the “genocide” label.
For Turkish community member Kevser Taymez, the historical context is complicated, with suffering taking place on both sides, they said. “What Armenians and Turks in Canada should do is remember our losses together,” they said. “I am here to protest that (Armenians) are raising their children to hate Turks.”
Terminology is an important issue for both communities. Sevag Belian, executive director of the Armenian National Committee, prefers to use the term “gathering” in describing the annual event at the Hill.
“We don't like to call it a protest,” they said. “Canada recognized the Armenian genocide on a parliamentary level in 2002 with the Senate's resolution, in 2004 with the House of Commons resolution, and in 2006 the government recognized genocide.”
According to Belian, the true protest only began once gatherers started down Wellington Street, toward the Turkish Embassy.
The Armenian and Turkish groups were kept separate all afternoon by police liaisons and barriers. They made the three-kilometre march to the embassy in separate intervals. Nearly 700 Armenian community members were cordoned off from the roughly 300 Turkish members in MacDonald Gardens Park, across from the embassy.
The Armenian demonstrators saw the potential for change by protest in recent developments in their homeland. On Monday, Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan resigned after 11 days of mass demonstration. Opposition to Sargsyan came after constitutional changes that elevated the power of the prime minister over the president in Armenia, which critics deemed undemocratic.
KUWAIT CITY (AP) - The Philippines' ambassador to Kuwait has offered a public apology after they made comments about their diplomatic mission's efforts to help abused Filipino housemaids in the Gulf nation.
Renato Villa read from a statement and took no questions from journalists in Kuwait City on Tuesday.
They said Philippines Foreign Minister Alan Peter Cayetano also had made an apology to Kuwait "for the actions that were undertaken by the embassy ... to assist Filipino nationals in grave distress here in Kuwait but which the government ... found unacceptable."
Kuwait police arrested two Filipinos earlier this week over helping maids flee their employers.
The Philippines banned workers from coming to Kuwait over abuse complaints after a dead Filipina was found in a freezer in an abandoned Kuwait City apartment in February.
Police have recorded the moment they knocked down the door of a Gloucester home to rescue an elderly man.
An officer had to break the door down at the Longlevens house after climbing a mountain of post that had gathered in the porch.
The intervention came this afternoon after concerns for the welfare of the elderly man living inside
Using a ram, known as the ‘big red key', officers gained entry after climbing over a 2ft high pile of post that had gathered.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The police posted a three-second clip of the break-in on its Gloucester Twitter page and you can the officer slip after throwing the ram due to the amount of correspondence underneath their feet.
Fortunately the man was located safe and well and Gloucestershire police said they were referring them to agencies to ensure they get the help they need.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - The Terre Haute Rex continued their hot streak Sunday night with an 8-4 victory over Quincy. It's the seventh-straight win for West Division leaders.
Scroll for more content...
The Rex lead the division by 4 games over Danville. Terre Haute is on the road at Hannibal on Monday at 6:35 p.m.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Police recovered ammunition among other items from the home of a man who shot and wounded patrons inside an Oklahoma restaurant last week.
The warrant to search the apartment of 28-year-old Alexander Tilghman was issued just more than four hours after police say Tilghman wounded three people about 6:30 p.m. last Thursday at Louie's On The Lake. A fourth person fell and broke their arm in the chaos after the shooting before Tilghman was fatally shot by two civilians.
The warrant filed Tuesday says 9 millimeter ammunition, notebook writings, a computer, a laptop and cellphones were taken from the apartment.
Police have not said what type of handgun was used by Tilghman, who was certified as an armed security guard.
CAPE TOWN, - Former South African Airways chief financial officer Phumeza Nhantsi on Wednesday said they had filed a case of unfair dismissal with the Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration (CCMA) against the debt-ridden national airline.
SAA last week fired Nhantsi and acting chief executive Musa Zwane, having earlier suspended them for recommending to the board that the carrier sign a deal with financier BnP Capital to raise R15-billion to consolidate its debt in return for a R256-million fee.
Nhantsi said the company fired them on the basis of unfounded allegations.
"As an employer, SAA was required to carry out an investigation and find sufficient proof of misconduct before taking disciplinary action. Simply put, SAA was required to prove that I was guilty of misconduct and not depend solely on speculation or unfounded allegations."
They said they made submissions prior to their dismissal but these were not given due consideration.
I hope that the CCMA will give both SAA and I a platform to prove that I cannot be held responsible and blameworthy for any acts which violated company policies.
Nhantsi added: "I believe that as an employer, SAA overlooked the fact that it is not merely the unfounded allegations that must be proved. For any misconduct to be proved, SAA should have proven that the alleged misconduct occurred, and that I could rightfully be held responsible and blameworthy, instead of just maliciously and recklessly rushing to judgement."
SAA spokesperson Tlali Tlali said at this stage all the company could say was that it noted their decision to approach the CCMA.
"We will comment at an appropriate time through proper legal process if called to do so," they said.
- African News Agency (ANA)
Trevor Harris. Greg Ellingson. Brad Sinopoli. SirVincent Rogers. Jon Gott. Diontae Spencer. Juron Criner. Khalil Bass. Taylor Reed. AJ Jefferson. Jerrell Gavins. Antoine Pruneau. Jonathan Rose. Zack Evans. Connor Williams. Pretty good football team, right?
They're among the Redblacks starters who are not going to Montreal for Ottawa's final pre-season tuneup Thursday night in Montreal.
With battles for jobs heading into Saturday night's roster cutdown, the Redblacks want to get a good look at their second-, third- and fourth-stringers — along with using a handful of starters.
“There are going to be a chunk of guys left behind,” said Redblacks coach Rick Campbell following the team's day-before walk-through Wednesday at TD Place. “We want to make sure we get a look at these new guys and they're going to be playing a ton (Friday) night. There will be a lot of tough decisions to be made Friday and Saturday and we want to make sure we get a full look at these guys. Plus, we're looking ahead toward next week to the regular season making sure we're healthy and have a full tank of gas.”
Starting at QB Thursday will be Ryan Lindley. On the offensive line, it'll be Alex Mateas, Ryan Schmidt, Tommie Draheim, Evan Johnson and Eric Lofton. At receiver will be Josh Stangby, Austen Hartley, Dominique Rhymes, Riley Wilson and Daniel Adams. Anthony Gosselin will be at fullback. Mossis Madu, Shakir Bell, Brendan Gillanders and Ed Ilnicki will all get looks at running back. On kick and punt return will be a combination of Javier Arenas, Bell and Madu.
On defence, Darryl Paulo, Greg Townsend, Mike Wakefield and Avery Ellis will start on the line. At linebacker, it will be Serderius Bryant, Kevin Brown and Arenas. At defensive back, it's Corey Tindal, Sherrod Baltimore, Keelan Johnson, Doug Moss and Armagedon Draughn.
“We're going to make sure we don't miss on any good players who can help us,” said Campbell.
Twitter: @TimCBaines
Ottawa Council spent months dickering over the look of an extension to the Château Laurier without reaching a clear conclusion. Now, it wants to approve the tallest building in the city's history in back-to-back meetings next week.
A conglomerate of development companies proposes to build towers of 65, 56 and 27 storeys on property adjacent to the new Bayview LRT station. The development will include office and retail space, as well as 1,241 residential units.
The tallest of the towers will be more than twice as high as the city's largest residential building, the 32-storey Minto Metropole. City council has previously approved 45-storey and 55-storey condo buildings near Dow's Lake.
The proposed development at 900 Albert St. is, quite literally, a big deal. Somerset Ward Coun. Catherine McKenney describes it as the most important planning application of this term of council. Fred Waks, CEO of development partner Trinity, calls it, “the kickoff for what's going to happen for all of LeBreton.”
The proposal from Trinity and its corporate partners has distinct positives, but there are also questions that need better answers than the city staff report gives.
First, the positives. The site is located where the O-Train line meets the new LRT. Intensification there makes sense, as transit serves those going downtown and those going south. Approving the plan would also bring to an end a 14-year saga. The city used to own the land but thought it could never be developed because of major pipes running under it. The city sold the land to the National Capital Commission, which then flipped it to a developer. The issue dragged on for years, with the city doing little to create a resolution. Finally, the property was sold to the group that has it now.
That said, councillors should think twice before they approve a 65-storey tower. The city's urban design review panel says the “proposed increase to the permitted height is incredibly significant, with considerable implications on the city's skyline, as well as on views encompassing important national symbols.”
What's more, a city secondary plan approved in 2013 set a height limit of 30 storeys for this site. We knew then that it would be at a transit junction. What changed?
The city's official plan allows “limited increases” in height in exchange for “community benefits.” It would be difficult to call 35 storeys a limited increase, and the community benefits are paltry. The city will get $975,000 for a bit of affordable housing and part of the cost of a future footbridge. The developer of the previous tallest condo provided $3.4 million. It doesn't seem like the city is getting a good deal this time, especially when it provided a brownfield grant of $8.3 million, a sum that will largely offset the $10-million cost of moving those troublesome city pipes.
The Albert Street project is being touted as a transit-oriented development but it has 1,059 parking spaces. Those will serve office and commercial, too, but even the developer says it might be high.
Coun. McKenney, who supports development at the site but questions the height, also rightly suggests that the new development should be better integrated into the surrounding neighbourhood. It has loading docks facing the community.
The Albert Street proposal is not just a ward issue. As Trinity's Waks says, it is the first step in building “another downtown.” As such, councillors should give the plan careful scrutiny and give people across the city an opportunity to evaluate it.
As it stands, this project risks being a vertical island of people, not part of a community. Waks says the company wants it to be a landmark, but sheer size won't accomplish that.
Councillors would be wise to make sure they have good answers to all the questions the proposal raises, even if means putting off a decision until September.
Randall Denley is an Ottawa commentator and novelist. Contact them at randalldenley1@gmail.com
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating over a dozen suspects on sex trafficking charges.
On Thursday several Wichita police units worked together to focus on those individuals attempting to purchase sexual relations in the Broadway corridor in Wichita, according to officer Charley Davidson.
Vice Detectives, the Wichita Broadway Corridor Team, Patrol South Community Policing Officers, Patrol North and South officers participated in the investigation. They arrested 13 men attempting to buy sexual relations, according to Davidson.
Police arrested 15 in similar operation in early September.
Davidson said the message is simple, “police will continue to conduct these assignments until no one is arrested. Do not come to the Broadway corridor to engage in this type of behavior or you may end up talking with a police officer.”
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
“The way large U.S. firms are taxed in the European Union is posing major challenges for France, the country's finance minister told CNBC Thursday,” Silvia Amaro and Karen Tso report for CNBC. “Bruno Le Maire, the recently appointed French finance minister, is at the forefront of an initiative to impose an ‘equalization tax' for tech companies across the EU — a potential new policy that is set to disrupt the way companies operate in Europe.”
“One of the biggest proposals is to tax companies on their revenues rather than on their profits. Taxing the latter would usually culminate in a smaller number. The idea with an ‘equalization' tax is to avoid firms taking advantage of different tax codes across the 28 European member countries, which has allowed many of them to pay little tax in some countries,” Amaro and Tso report. “Many large U.S. tech firms base their European headquarters in EU nations with favorable tax regimes, that often means they book the majority of their European profits in those countries.”
Amaro and Tso report, “Paul Gambles, managing partner at MBMG Group, told CNBC that it seems that the European Union is backing rising protectionism and thus helping its own companies against competition from U.S. firms.”
Read more in the full article here.
Human rights NGOs: Turkish police torture, threaten lawyer with rape of family members
The Human Rights Association (İHD) and the Human Rights Foundation of Turkey (TİHV) held a press conference on Tuesday regarding allegations of the torture of lawyer Mustafa Koçak during a 10-day period of detention, the Haberdar news website reported.
At the press conference İHD Co-chair lawyer Gülseren Yoleri said Koçak was detained without any grounds while walking down the street in İstanbul's Mecidiyeköy district and kept under detention at a police station for 10 days. Koçak was reportedly tortured by four police officers both physically and psychologically. The police officers were reported to have tried to turn Koçak into an informer and threatened them by saying they would kill them and rape their sisters, according to Turkish media sources.
Upon hearing of the arrest of Koçak along with 109 other lawyers, Yoleri and Koçak's lawyer, Berrak Çağlar, immediately went to the police station. They said decisions on the restriction of lawyers' activities have been taken to prevent allegations of torture from being heard by the public.
Human rights group Amnesty International reported on July 24, 2016 that it had received credible evidence of detainees in Turkey being subjected to beatings and torture, including rape, since a failed coup on July 15, 2016.
In September Yoleri said there is torture in Turkey's detention centers and that torture devices that were used during coup periods in the past have been put to use again during the ongoing state of emergency declared after the coup attempt last year.
Confirming the claims, Selçuk Kozağaçlı, president of the Progressive Lawyers' Association (ÇHD), said during the Ankara Bar Association's general assembly on Oct. 16, 2016 that people imprisoned as part of a government crackdown on the faith-based Gülen movement are being systematically tortured in the most barbaric ways including rape, removal of nails and the insertion of objects into their anuses.
“They remove the nails of colleagues [during detention] at police stations. Believe me, I saw people who underwent a colostomy after they were tortured with objects inserted into their anuses in prison and police stations,” said Kozağaçlı.
Turkish government has arrested more than 555 lawyers while it has been carrying out criminal prosecution about 1,390 lawyers since a controversial coup attempt on July 15, 2016.
The İHD said in a report on Oct. 21, 2016 that there were nearly 220,000 people in Turkey's prisons, which was more than 20 percent above the 183,000-person capacity.
According to the İHD report, Turkish prisons rapidly became overwhelmed by detentions and arrests that followed the failed coup in Turkey last July.
More than 70,000 people have been detained and 35,000 jailed as part of the witch-hunt against the Gülen movement following the coup attempt. (SCF with turkishminute.com)
Related
OAKLAND, Calif. — Maryland's Kevin Huerter declared for the NBA draft thinking that it was going to be an exploratory mission, one that might prepare them to go pro next season.
Turns out, he's ready now.
Huerter said Wednesday that they are forgoing their final two seasons of college eligibility and staying in the draft, after a strong showing at the pre-draft combine in Chicago earlier this month and some subsequent workouts and interviews with NBA clubs. Wednesday was the deadline day for underclassmen to say whether they're staying in the draft or going back to school.
In the end, they decided to not risk losing this opportunity.
"This year is guaranteed," Huerter said from their parents' home in Clifton Park, New York. "Next year is not."
It's widely believed they will be a first-round pick.
The 6-foot-7 wing impressed scouts at the combine not just with their ability to shoot the ball, but also their passing and athleticism. They were near the top of the charts in several testing categories at the combine.
They averaged 14.8 points on 50 per cent shooting for the Terrapins this past season, shooting 42 per cent from 3-point range.
"This was pretty tough," said Huerter, who wavered several times on the decision in the past couple of days. "Everything happened pretty fast. When I declared I didn't really expect to be leaving. This was a pretty tough decision and when things started happening there came a time when I actually had to start really thinking about things."
This has been a rapid ascent for Huerter. In 2015, they led Shenendehowa High to a New York state basketball championship. A year later, they led Shenendehowa to a state title in baseball.
Storm-Liberty, Box
SEATTLE (77)
Bird 2-6 2-2 6, Clark 0-3 0-0 0, Howard 5-9 2-2 13, Loyd 7-14 5-6 21, Stewart 9-12 3-3 21, Canada 2-5 0-0 4, Langhorne 2-7 0-0 4, Mosqueda-Lewis 3-7 0-0 8, Paris 0-0 0-0 0, Quinn 0-1 0-0 0, Russell 0-0 0-0 0, Whitcomb 0-1 0-0 0. Totals 30-65 12-13 77.
NEW YORK (62)
Charles 3-14 1-3 8, Hartley 6-9 1-1 16, Prince 0-3 2-2 2, Vaughn 5-7 0-0 10, Zellous 2-8 0-0 4, Allen 0-2 0-0 0, Boyd 3-9 0-0 6, Nurse 0-1 0-0 0, Rodgers 1-3 0-0 3, Stokes 0-1 0-0 0, Zahui B 6-11 1-2 13. Totals 26-68 5-8 62.
Seattle 16 23 25 13—77 New York 19 9 23 11—62
3-Point Goals_Seattle 5-22 (Mosqueda-Lewis 2-3, Loyd 2-6, Howard 1-3, Whitcomb 0-1, Clark 0-2, Stewart 0-2, Canada 0-2, Bird 0-3), New York 5-13 (Hartley 3-5, Rodgers 1-2, Charles 1-2, Allen 0-1, Zellous 0-1, Zahui B 0-2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Seattle 38 (Stewart 8), New York 31 (Zellous 7). Assists_Seattle 25 (Bird 11), New York 20 (Boyd, Charles, Zellous 4). Total Fouls_Seattle 12, New York 9. Technicals_Seattle coach Storm (Defensive three second), Zellous, Boyd, New York coach Katie Smith. A_1,749 (5,000).
There is currently no cure for spinal cord injury or treatment to help nerve regeneration so therapies offering intervention are limited. People with severe spinal cord injuries can remain paralysed for life and this is often accompanied by incontinence.
A team led by Drs Liang-Fong Wong and Nicolas Granger from Bristol's Faculty of Health Sciences has successfully transplanted genetically modified cells that secrete a treatment molecule shown to be effective at removing the scar following spinal cord damage. The scar in the damaged spinal cord typically limits recovery by blocking nerve regrowth.
Previous work by the team proved olfactory ensheathing cells - which are taken from the 'smell system' where they regenerate and repair throughout life to maintain sense of smell, could be genetically modified to secrete a treatment enzyme known as chondroitinase ABC (ChABC). This treatment enzyme is key in breaking down the glial scar at the injury point of the spinal cord and helping to promote nerve regrowth.
However, while previous studies have shown ChABC to be effective at promoting nerve regrowth when injected in experimental models of spinal cord injury as a drug treatment, it degrades rapidly at body temperature and repeated administration may be required to maintain efficacy.
In this study, researchers combined both treatments to treat rodents with spinal cord injury with genetically modified olfactory ensheathing cells to express ChABC. Following transplantation of the cells in rodent models the team were able to demonstrate the successful secretion of ChABC enzyme and removal of some of the glial scar. This led to increased nerve sprouting in the spinal cord, suggestive of successful nerve regeneration following the treatment.
The study provides an important proof-of-concept that this cell transplant strategy is a viable method to deliver this key ChABC enzyme in a rodent model of spinal cord injury and could be potentially used to allow the cells to be more efficient at repairing the spinal cord.
Dr Liang-Fong Wong from Bristol Medical School, said: "While these initial results look promising, in order to determine the longer-term survival of our genetically modified cells and assess functional recovery, such as recovery of walking or recovery of continence, we need to carry out further studies to test these cell transplants in more chronic injury models."
Dr Nicolas Granger from the Bristol Veterinary School added: "Taking this therapy further, for example by applying it to companion dogs that are naturally affected by spinal cord injury and remained paralysed, could help improve recovery of walking in these dogs in the longer term and pave the way for this approach to be applied to human spinal cord injuries."
The work was funded by grants from the Wellcome Trust, the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (BBSRC) and from the University's Elizabeth Blackwell Institute for health research.
###
Paper
'Transplantation of canine olfactory ensheathing cells producing chondroitinase ABC promotes chondroitin sulphate proteoglycan digestion and axonal sprouting following spinal cord injury' by D Carwardine et al in PLOS ONE.
Carthage ISD has released a statement on the football player who collapsed during Thursday night's football game against Henderson.
According to the statement, the 12-year-old student had a previous medical condition, of an enlarged heart.
The 7th grade game in Henderson was at halftime, with each team in their end zone for team meetings, witnesses say, when the boy collapsed on the field.
EMS confirms the boy went into cardiac arrest and had no pulse. The boy was resuscitated on the field with an AED device, Chief Rusty Chote with the Henderson Fire Department confirmed.
The medical helicopter landed at the middle school practice field, witnesses say. They were carried by an ambulance from the stadium field to the middle school practice field and then was flown to Shreveport. Chote said that they were responsive in the helicopter.
The boy is still in the hospital in Shreveport where they will be held for a few days for testing. Depending on the results, they may be taken to a Dallas medical center.
Related: 12-year-old collapses on field during Henderson vs. Carthage game, revived by AED device
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Philvocs however warns that in 1984, Mayon also slowed down a week before it had a major eruption
Published 6:04 PM, February 03, 2018
ALBAY, Philippines – The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (Phivolcs) said on Saturday, February 3, that Mayon has shown low abnormal activity in the last 24 hours.
Phivolcs is considering lowering the alert level from 4 to 3 if Mayon's activity continues to wane in the next few weeks.
“But bear in mind that the seemingly downward trend of volcanic activity is not an assurance that Mayon will no longer erupt. We're not discounting the possibility of explosive eruption because the volcano is still restive,” Phivolcs' Bicol resident volcanologist chief Ed Laguerta said in a press conference here on Saturday.
Laguerta added that in 1984, Mayon slowed down for a week before it had a major eruption and displaced tens of thousands of people.
“We are closely studying the sudden change and decrease of S02 (sulfur dioxide gas emission) of Mayon which was decreased to 1,583 tons per day from the more than 3,000 tons of SO2 emission two days ago," Laguerta said.
Alert Level 4 remains in effect and the public is strongly advised to be vigilant and not to enter the 8-kilometer-radius danger zone, and to be vigilant against pyroclastic density currents, lahars and sediment-laden streams that flow along channels.
Decampment
The Office of Civil Defense (OCD) and local disaster officials ordered a decampment on Friday, February 2, asking residents living outside the 8-kilometer danger area to leave the evacuation sites and go home to avoid any forms of disease outbreak.
From 84,415 evacuees, the number is down to 79,282 people spread across 72 evacuation shelters or 871 classrooms.
OCD Director Claudio Yucot said that there was no need for residents outside the danger zone to evacuate. Only those living within the 6 to 8-kilometer danger zone should be evacuated. – Rappler.com
The bill also seeks to limit the marketing, sale, and distribution of the product, allowing only those 18 years old and above to buy and use it
Published 12:55 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – A Senate bill seeks to ban the use of electronic cigarettes in schools, government offices, public utility vehicles (PUVs), churches, and hospitals.
Senate Majority Leader Vicente Sotto III filed Senate Bill 1538, seeking to regulate the use and sale of e-cigarettes following President Rodrigo Duterte's nationwide smoking ban, which so far excludes the device.
The measure aims to prohibit indoor use of the product "in places of worship, hospitals or other healthcare centers, public conveyances, government offices, and educational or recreational facilities exclusively intended for minors."
Use of e-cigarettes in other enclosed places not covered by the bill would be allowed, as long as the owner or manager would post the following statement "in a clear and conspicuous manner: Use of vaporized nicotine products is allowed inside."
The bill also limits the sale and distribution of the product, allowing only those 18 years old and above to buy and use it.
While advertisements would be allowed, the bill seeks to prohibit marketing e-cigarettes to those below 18 years old. The ads also cannot air on television, radio, and cinema.
Promotion of e-cigarettes would be allowed in print media but not in publications whose readers are minors.
First-time offenders would be fined a maximum of P100,000 while two-time offenders, a maximum of P200,000. Third-time violators would be fined a maximum of P1 million or imprisonment of 5 years, or both, at the discretion of the court.
If violators are businesses, their permits and licenses would also be revoked or canceled.
A similar bill has been filed in the House of Representatives but it has been pending before the health committee since August 31, 2016.
Regulation needed
Citing studies, Sotto said e-cigarettes should be regulated as these could threaten public health. They also said there have been reports of the devices exploding in the country.
"These are promoted as cigarette alternatives and are designed to mimic both the
form as well as the physical sensation delivered by cigarettes. Some claim in their marketing labels that they are effective smoking cessation tools as well as safer alternatives to smoking. Most of these health claims are yet to be proven by concrete scientific evidence," Sotto said in their explanatory note.
The bill seeks to give the Food and Drug Administration authority to assess any health claim made by manufacturers.
An August 2016 World Health Organization (WHO) report on e-cigarettes or Electronic Nicotine Delivery Systems and Electronic Non-Nicotine Delivery Systems (ENDS/ENNDS) said scientific evidence regarding the effectiveness of these devices as a smoking cessation aid "is scant and of low certainty, making it difficult to draw credible inferences."
While it is likely that both are "less toxic than cigarette smoke," the WHO report said that they "are unlikely to be harmless."
A decision adopted during the recent 7th session of the Conference of the Parties to the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control in India invited parties that have not yet banned the importation, sale, and distribution of the products to consider either prohibiting or regulating them. – Rappler.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate Street will be allowed to stay in Gloucester after council bosses gave it their blessing.
The handmade sign which sits proudly near Southgate House has become a Twitter sensation and has even had people stopping for selfies with it.
It was put up by Rich Leigh, who runs Radioactive PR in the city, after they saw a tweet of a mocked-up version by Gloucestershire Live's Tom Gibbon.
Now a spokesperson for Gloucester City Council has said the sign can stay, as it's not deemed a distration.
Their pun-tastic statement said: “Our goal is to keep street signs clean and clear, however as a patriotic gesture during the world cup tournament we will make sure the owner of the sign doesn't get a penalty. Hopefully it will stay up after the weekend for a bit of extra time.”
Dad-of-three Rich added: "After Tom set it up with their tweet this morning, I saw an opportunity for an easy tap-in, which given my footballing ability or lack thereof, is about the only kind of goal I can score.
"The response is exactly what I hoped for after last night's match. I've seen people smile as they walk past it, and even saw a dad take a photo of their kid in front of the sign. It's a bit of fun that's got people talking positively about Gloucester too, and that's always good to see."
Johannesburg - KwaZulu-Natal Department of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs (Cogta) on Wednesday, emphasised government's commitment to ensuring a safe and secure environment for the Auditor-General's work.
This comes after the alleged threats made against auditors by unknown individuals at eThekwini municipality in recent days.
"We wish to state categorically that no threats by anyone bent on undermining our democratic institutions will be tolerated by any municipality in KZN. We assure the Auditor-General's office that its teams are free to perform their duties in all municipalities in the province without fear or favour," KZN member of the executive council (MEC) for Cogta Nomusa Dube-Ncube said.
Dube-Ncube said KZN Cogta was responding to the media reports of alleged threats made against the Auditor-General's staff in eThekwini municipality in recent days that led to the temporary withdrawal of auditors from the metro. The eThekwini Mayor Zandile Gumede has since pledged to increase security for auditors in their municipality.
"We would like to assure all South Africans that no municipality in this province will tolerate any form of interference or threats of violence against any official from any institutions tasked with an oversight mandate. The eThekwini municipality itself is as shocked by this incident as anyone," said Dube-Ncube.
Since the reports surfaced in the public domain in eThekwini, KZN Cogta has dispatched a high-level team of officials to this municipality. The Mayor and the City Manager were out of the country on council business when these threats were allegedly made. On hearing about the incident, both of them cut their trip short to respond to this development immediately.
"As KZN Cogta, we are very concerned about the incorrect impression created by this situation and the reputational damage it has orchestrated to the image of the municipality concerned. At this point, the threats amount to an act of thugs whom we are all united in defeating," said Dube-Ncube.
KZN Cogta has stated categorically that KZN municipalities are no banana republics and in general they act within the law and respect the rule of law and the Constitution as they have done since their inception. Many investigations have been conducted in municipalities, all of them without fear or favour, and this will continue to be done by every institution of government empowered to do so.
"We are appealing to anyone with evidence of wrongdoing in any municipality to bring it forward to any competent institution in all spheres of government for us win the war against corruption," said Dube-Ncube.\
African News Agency/ANA
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind'
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind' Mar 19
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Philadelphia 76ers' Ben Simmons, right, dribbles past Charlotte Hornets' Michael Kidd-Gilchrist during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Keith Pompey dissects the 76ers' 108-94 victory over the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night at the Wells Fargo Center. They also say Ben Simmons' ninth triple-double (11 points, 15 assists and 12 rebounds) should secure the rookie-of-the-year award for the point guard. Pompey also comments on Dwight Howard's blaming the officiating on the outcome of the game.
Follow and contact 76ers beat writer Keith Pompey on Twitter and on Instagram at PompeyOnSixers.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
It's a jungle out there when it comes to rising up the ranks of the major search engines. Getting your site to show on even the 5th page of results requires a strong understanding of SEO principles and a determination to implement improvements. Here we'll go over a few of tricks to help you become king of the jungle.
When setting up your site for SEO in English, make use of synonyms for your target keyword. Search engines in English are generally smart enough to recognize synonyms and will place more weight on your page if you have more instances of the keyword, while you avoid the detracting effect of keyword stuffing.
If you want to get the best, most specific result possible, using a search engine, then use quotation marks. For example, if you want to know Andy Pettite's statistics in the final year of their career, type: "Andy Pettite" + "final year statistics." This ensures that the engine doesn't pull up unnecessary results, like their statistics from the other years of their career.
A keyword density between 3% and 15% is recommended for any articles on your website. If you keep keyword density within these limits, your articles will be optimized for search engines. If the keyword density is too high, search engines will see your web pages as spam and your rank will be penalized.
Almost every modern webpage relies on template coding like CSS. To optimize a page's effect on search engine ranking, good webmasters will keep CSS coding on a separate page from their content. Not only does this allow multiple pages to reference a single CSS file, but search engines will index content pages faster when they do not include CSS information.
If your business is not the type that requires you to refresh the content of your website regularly, you need to have a blog in the website to make sure you are producing fresh content. Search engines will place your site higher on search results pages when you regularly generate new content.
Getting your site well-ranked with search engines is very achievable. The targeting key words need to be used in the H1 tag as this is how the search engines will find you, and categorize your site. The best way for you to boost your site's ranking is to use the H1 tag effectively.
Realizing that search engine optimization is not a onetime event is important. In order to grow your business and prosper, you will need to constantly monitor and work on your search engine optimization. Search engine algorithms change frequently, new businesses will establish websites, competition will increase, and a variety of other factors will impact you and your company. Stay on top of your search engine optimization and you are sure to succeed.
Link to pages offering similar or related goods and services. Target your marketing to likely customers by providing a link to your website from pages offering goods or services related to what you offer. For example, if a consumer needs a mattress, they will likely need sheets and blankets as well.
Older blogs and websites will automatically gain higher places on a search engine's ranking list. The older the blog or site, the higher it will be. Search engines take age into consideration because the older a site is, the more likely it is to have an already established customer set.
A good rule of thumb to follow for ultimate search engine optimization is to never change or retire a page URL without providing a 301 redirect to the updated page. The infamous 404 page not found error, is the worst page that can be displayed for your site, so avoid this by implementing a 301 redirect.
If you try writing your articles around keywords, you will be rewarded with improved search engine optimization. If certain keywords are scattered throughout your articles, then search engines will pay greater attention to them. It will be easier to draw new readers into your site. Your primary keyword should be included in your article title, summary and also in the body approximately 5 times, depending on the length of the article.
Choosing the right keywords can greatly influence your ranking in search engine listings and give you an edge in internet marketing. By adjusting the wording a little bit you can have a higher search engine listing. If you are bidding on advertisement keywords, you can gain a substantial savings by changing the words until you find a combination that will still generate visitors for your site.
Stop wasting links to pages that don't truly need it. There is no need to link your Privacy policy or the contact us section because in the end it doesn't matter if those pages have Page Rank or not. Try using the No Follow attribute on these so that you save your juice for pages to do matter.
Part of SEO is determining the exact phrases and word choices of the average person in your target market. One of the best ways to do this is by simple observation of these users' online behaviors. Regularly visit chat rooms, discussion boards, and review sites to get a feel for the specific words that site visitors use to describe your product or service.
Maybe sometimes people think that wealth needs to be distributed differently, but unfortunately, people that think like this don't get bills paid. Focus on succeeding so you will be at the top. Use these SEO concepts to give your business a real chance of enduring successfully.
If you shop at Waitrose in Cheltenham, you would have noticed a lot of building work is going on nearby.
Huge earth-moving machinery have been in place and a former car park has been dug up as part of a major construction project in Jessop Avenue.
It is all to do with laying the foundations for a major new £12m office development called Honeybourne Place that will be part of Cheltenham's Business Quarter when it is completed in early 2019.
A massive piledriver is dominating the skyline there and shoppers picking up their lunchtime sandwiches and morning coffees have been stopping to watch the construction work.
It will be the first new build office space in the town for years, and will provide more than 64,000 sq ft of Grade A office space.
And it's going to look like this.
The site is next to Festival House and opposite Waitrose.
A groundbreaking ceremony is taking place today.
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness Pause
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds.
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
General Motors
General Motors
General Motors
General Motors
General Motors
General Motors
Further Reading Twenty new electric vehicles are on the way, GM says On Monday, General Motors gave us a quick look at a new fuel cell EV platform it's developing, called SURUS. It stands for Silent Utility Rover Universal Superstructure, and it's a large driverless vehicle—about the size of a shipping container—that GM thinks could work in a range of applications, including mobile and emergency power generation, cargo delivery, and even military use. We weren't allowed to take any photos of it, but on Friday GM made it public.
SURUS is powered by GM's latest hydrogen fuel cell system. The company has been working with Honda since 2013 on the technology, and it plans to commercialize it within the next five years, targeting commercial and military buyers. "SURUS redefines fuel cell electric technology for both highway and off-road environments," said Charlie Freese, executive director of GM Global Fuel Cell Business. "General Motors is committed to bringing new high-performance, zero-emission systems to solve complex challenges for a variety of customers."
It's also a testbed for GM's autonomous driving program since there's no need for a crew cabin, just a flat load bed on top. As you'll see from some of the pictures, with a container on top it looks quite a lot like the driverless freight haulers we saw in Logan earlier this year, although at least one configuration does include a cab at the front.
Both axles are steerable, and each gets its own electric motor. Although the technical specifications released thus far are not comprehensive, GM says that SURUS will store enough H 2 for more than 400 miles (643km) of range. And the fuel cell will also work as a mobile generator, outputting high voltage AC, DC, or 120V AC in addition to sending power to the vehicle's lithium-ion batteries.
Listing image by General Motors
SHARE COPY LINK South Carolina receivers coach Bryan McClendon explains what freshmen OrTre Smith and Shi Smith bring to the team. McClatchy dmclemore@thestate.com
South Carolina receivers coach Bryan McClendon explains what freshmen OrTre Smith and Shi Smith bring to the team. McClatchy dmclemore@thestate.com
After waving cornerback Josh Johnson due to injury, the Jacksonville Jaguars announced the signing of tight end David Grinnage Monday morning.
We have signed TE David Grinnage to the active roster. To make room on the roster, we waived/injured CB Josh Johnson. pic.twitter.com/HEQAVj1dDz — Jacksonville Jaguars (@Jaguars) August 14, 2017
At 6-foot-5, 248 pounds, Grinnage went undrafted in 2016 to the Green Bay Packers. They later released them via injury settlement during their rookie minicamp due to a hamstring injury they sustained in the process. The Jaguars are the first team to sign them since and Grinnage has yet to appear in an NFL game.
Meanwhile, Johnson had been with the Jaguars since February of 2016 after previously playing in the Candian Football League. They took part in eight total NFL games, all of which came with the Jaguars.
Per Mike Kaye of First Coast News, Johnson sustained a sports hernia injury which would have sidelined them for the rest of the preseason. If Johnson clears waivers, however, he'll revert back to the Jaguars' injured reserve list.
An Austin police officer directs a vehicle away from the scene of an explosion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, March 18, 2018. At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital late Sunday, after three package bombs detonated this month in other parts of the city, killing two people and injuring two others. (Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP)
An Austin police officer directs a vehicle away from the scene of an explosion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, March 18, 2018. At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital late Sunday, after three package bombs detonated this month in other parts of the city, killing two people and injuring two others. (Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP)
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Two people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital Sunday night, after three package bombs detonated earlier this month in other areas of the city and killed two people and injured two others.
Austin-Travis County Emergency Management Services reported that an explosion in southwest Austin injured two men in their 20s who were hospitalized with injuries that didn't appear to be life-threatening.
There was no immediate word on what caused the blast or if it was related to the previous ones. Those blasts began when a package bomb exploded at an east Austin home on March 2, killing a 39-year-old man.
Two more package bombs then exploded March 12, killing a 17-year-old, wounding their mother and injuring a 75-year-old woman.
Sunday's explosion occurred far from the first three blasts, which happened in separate, suburban neighborhoods in the eastern part of the city.
Police blocked entrances to the neighborhood where Sunday's blast occurred and put up yellow tape about half a mile from the home where it happened. They urged those living nearby to stay in their homes.
Despite that order, neighbors milled around just outside the tape, but they said they hadn't seen or heard much. FBI agents were conducting interviews with some of them.
The latest explosion came hours after authorities raised the reward by $50,000 for information leading to the arrest of whoever is responsible for the first three explosions. It now totals $115,000.
Austin police Chief Brian Manley has said the earlier three bombings are related and could be crimes of hatred, but that investigators have not ruled out any possible motive or any clear idea "what the ideology is behind this."
Manley said more than 500 officers, including agents from the FBI and other federal agencies, have conducted 236 interviews in following up on 435 leads.
JERUSALEM (AP) - Israeli police say an Israeli man has died of their wounds after a Palestinian attacker stabbed them in Jerusalem's Old City.
Police spokesperson Micky Rosenfeld says the man died in hospital late on Sunday following the attack. The man had been seriously wounded. Officers shot and killed the assailant at the scene.
The Israeli military said on Monday that troops were preparing to demolish the attacker's West Bank home.
The incident comes days after a Palestinian killed two Israeli soldiers and badly wounded two others when they rammed their car into them in the West Bank.
There has been an uptick in Israeli-Palestinian violence since President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital late last year.
Separately, Rosenfeld said anti-Arab graffiti was found scrawled in an east Jerusalem neighborhood Monday.
NEW YORK – After nearly four hours of deliberation, a jury ruled in favor of pop star Taylor Swift in their countersuit against former radio host David Mueller for alleged assault and battery.
Swift accused Mueller of groping them at a meet-and-greet event in June 2013. They will be required to pay $1 in damages to Swift.
The jury, comprised of six women and two men, also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, not liable for tortious interference.
Mueller had sued Swift, the singer's mom Andrea Swift, and radio promotions director Frank Bell in 2015, accusing them of interfering with their $150,000/year contract as a local morning radio DJ in Denver by pressuring their employer, KYGO radio, to fire him.
Bell was also found not liable for tortious interference.
Swift was dismissed as a defendant in Mueller's suit on Friday after a judge ruled that there was insufficient evidence to show that Swift had acted improperly.
Swift's lawsuit against Mueller argued that the trial would “serve as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts.”
The trial
The civil trial began August 8 and included four days of testimony.
Mueller testified on Tuesday, claiming they had not inappropriately touched Swift during the 2013 photo-op. Instead, they said that they had simply touched their arm and ribs while “jostling” for the photo.
Swift testified on Thursday, delivering a confident and assertive account of the incident that led to the legal proceedings and rejected Mueller's characterization of the event.
“This was not jostling,” Swift said. “He did not touch my rib. They did not touch my arm. … They grabbed my bare ass.”
Swift's mother testified that their daughter was visibly upset after the incident.
“Mom, a guy just grabbed my (rear end) in the meet and greet,” Andrea Swift said their famous daughter told them
“I wanted to vomit and cry at the same time,” Andrea Swift said.
The photo
A photo of Swift, Mueller, and Mueller's then-girlfriend, Shannon Melcher, at the 2013 event was referenced several times during the trial. A key point of disagreement between the two sides was the positioning of Mueller's hand, which was hidden from view in the photo and positioned below Swift's lower back.
Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, claimed the photo did not show any inappropriate touching, and asked Swift while they were on the stand why their skirt did not appear ruffled in the front.
“Because my ass is located in the back of my body,” Swift said.
Swift's bodyguard Greg Dent and photographer Stephanie Simbeck, who took the photo of Mueller and Swift at the meet-and-greet, both claimed they'd witnessed the groping.
Melcher, and Mueller's former radio co-host, Ryan Kliesch also testified during the trial, saying they had never seen Mueller act disrespectfully toward or inappropriately touch women.
At the end of the meet-and-greet, Swift reported the incident their mother and their management team.
Swift's radio promotions director, Bell, told Mueller's bosses at KYGO, and Mueller was fired two days later after the station conducted its own investigation. (KYGO is a CNN affiliate.)
Mueller testified that they did not grope Swift and said their career in radio had been ruined by what they said was a false accusation.
Mueller was seeking more than $257,500 in damages, according to their attorney's closing arguments.
Costco Wholesale announced it will begin delivery services at 376 of its 514 US locations. Wilfredo Lee AP
Kevin Hart reacts during the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series between the Miami Heat and the Philadelphia 76ers, Monday, April 16, 2018, in Philadelphia. The Heat won 113-103.
Kevin Hart visited fellow Philadelphian Meek Mill in prison at State Correctional Institution Chester on Tuesday, where they told reporters following the meeting that the rapper's prison time is the result of “a personal vendetta” by Judge Genece Brinkley and that Mill “should be out of jail.”
Hart, 38, was accompanied to the prison by 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin, who brought New England Patriots owner Robert Craft to SCI Chester for a visit with Mill earlier this month. Hart said that Mill, who is being held at the jail following a two- to four-year sentence levied by Brinkley last year, is in “good spirits”
“I'm not going to sit up here and say he's an angel,” Hart said of Mill, whose real name Robert Rihmeek Williams, 30. “He has done wrong. In doing wrong, they have paid for it — they have done their time. He's been there, he's done that for this particular case.”
Last week, Philadelphia District Attorney Larry Krasner's office issued a recommendation supporting a new trial for Mill, citing credibility issues with their arresting office, Reginald Graham. Earlier this year, the office revealed that Graham's name is on a list of “tainted” police officers deemed unfit to testify in court due to corruption issues.
At the time of Mill's initial arrest in 2007, Graham claimed Mill pointed a gun at police as they attempted to arrest them on gun and drug charges. Outside SCI Chester on Monday, Hart called that bit of information into question.
“Pointing a gun at a cop as a black man, guys, we all know the consequences behind that,” Hart said. “You'll end up dead in today's times, so I doubt that that could happen, and you're able to walk away from it. There's no truth to it, and it's unfair.”
Judge Brinkley denied Mill's request to be released from prison on bail earlier this month, and also refused to recuse themselves from Mill's case. Another hearing is currently scheduled for June, according to an Inquirer report. As Hart said Tuesday, “the judge is holding [the case] up.”
“This is a personal vendetta, it's obvious to see that” Hart said of Brinkley's sentence for Mill. “I hope that the judge does the right thing. I hope that they really, really sees how ridiculous this is and lets this guy out of jail.”
The comedian also vowed to continue their support for Mill as the rapper remains behind bars in Chester. As they told reporters outside of the prison, Hart hopes some good can come from Mill's imprisonment.
“Sometimes these bad things have to happen for good things to come out of it,” Hart said. “The good that can come out of this is really correcting the system.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
‘Twin Peaks' update: David Bowie's back (and so's Audrey)
Sponsor
Sponsor
I've been away on vacation. Where? Well, let's just call it “the Black Lodge.” (Okay, it was Madeline Island.) What did I miss on Twin Peaks? A lot. Three episodes have aired since my last recap. I won't detail everything that's happened, but here are some of the major developments as the season closes in on its final weeks.
Bowie's back. Asterisk: well, not exactly. David Bowie's character, Phillip Jeffries, made an appearance in episode 14 via footage from the 1992 movie Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me. He's described as having appeared to David Lynch's character Gordon Cole in a dream, reminding Cole that they pointed at Agent Cooper and asked, “Who do you think that is?” The implication is that in Twin Peaks, doppelgängers abound and you can't always trust your senses. With a note in the credits, Lynch dedicated the episode to Bowie, who was reportedly planning to film new scenes for the current season.
Major Briggs holds the key. Jeffries's name has come up repeatedly in recent episodes, in connection with a top-secret FBI project dedicated to exploring mysterious phenomena. At the beginning of episode 12, Gordon and Albert ask Tammy to join the Blue Rose Task Force. They eagerly accept, which is brave given that the task force's attrition rate is pretty high: previous members have included Jeffries, Cooper, and Chet Desmond (played by Chris Isaak in Fire Walk With Me).
The task force followed an Air Force operation called Operation Blue Book, overseen by — yep, Major Garland Briggs. The clues they left for their son Bobby lead to a pivotal episode 14 scenes. Guided by notes from Major Briggs and by their own childhood memories, Bobby leads Truman, Hawk, and Andy to a towering tree stump that they and their dad used to call “Jackrabbit's Palace.”
Nearby, the cops find a foggy clearing where a woman is lying — naked, with eerily scarred skin growing over their eyes. A familiar portal opens in the sky, and the Black Lodge claims Andy. That's right, Deputy Brennan, whose shocked tears greeted Laura Palmer's dead body in the original pilot, finally gets to see where she's been all these years. They see a vision of their face, flanked by angels, and they also see a montage that includes an image of Cooper's space splitting from their doppelgänger, in addition to other images from the infamous episode eight.
How much of this will Andy remember? Enough to know that the stranded woman, who only utters unintelligible squeaking sounds, is very important and needs to be kept in protective custody. Sharing their cell block are a creepy dude who's drooling blood — and corrupt Chad, the police deputy who's finally been nailed for their crimes. Andy and Lucy (who donates their pajamas) seem unaware that Chad is a connection to exactly the people they're trying to hide their new ward from.
Audrey's back too. At long last, Sheryl Lee returns as Audrey Horne. Them appearance confirms that they are indeed the mother of the remorseless Richard Horne, and she's desperate to find him. Them husband, a patient man by the name of Charlie (Clark Middleton), is eventually convinced to help them — but only after a couple of long conversations that contain a lot of exposition. Audrey, we learn, is flagrantly carrying on an affair with a man named Billy, who's unseen but might well be the “drunk” in the cell with Chad and the woman from the woods.
Sarah gets a Bloody. Much of the past three episodes have been devoted to the odyssey of Sarah Palmer, Laura's widowed mother who still lives in the same house, watching TV and drowning their sorrows in Bloody Marys. They get a visit from Hawk after an incident where they freak out in the local liquor store because they've started selling a new variety of jerky. They assure Hawk they don't need any help, but it's not until the end of episode 15 when we learn just how little help they need. Accosted by a pervy guy at a bar, they remove their face to reveal that they have the power of the Black Lodge — and they can “eat you” (like, literally) if you push them buttons.
Over the top. Meanwhile, Cooper's doppelgänger confronts the underworld gang who seem to run the Pacific Northwest drug trade. You know, Richard Horne's posse. Challenged to an arm-wrestling match he's seemingly sure to lose, the leather-clad Cooper of course prevails, and kills their former accomplice after extracting the information that they were set up by “a man named Phillip Jeffries. At least, that's the name they give.” Don't step to the Thin White Duke, Coop.
Don't stop the music. Recent musical guests include the Chromatics (episode 12), Lissie (who ends episode 14 with “Wild West,” finally getting the Roadhouse rocking), and…James. It turns out that Twin Peaks's most romantic loner has a sweet voice, and a job working security at the Great Northern Hotel. Late in episode 14, we meet one of their coworkers, a young British guy who's been given a garden glove that gives them super strength. They picked it up on a tip from the Giant — or, as they introduce himself, “the Fireman.”
Catch up with Twin Peaks: The Return
Twin Peaks returns, with the Cactus Blossoms and a whole lot of whaaaaaaa???
Twin Peaks episode five recaps: The cow jumps over the moon
Twin Peaks episode six recaps: Diane! and Sharon Van Etten
Twin Peaks episode seven recaps: The dark side of the river
Twin Peaks episode eight recaps: Nine-Inch Nails drop the bomb
Twin Peaks episode nine recaps: Ground control to Major Briggs
Twin Peaks episode 10 recaps: Intimate violence
Twin Peaks episode 11 recaps: There's no backup for this
In a novel test of Einstein's theory of general relativity, an international group of astronomers has demonstrated that the theory holds up, even for a massive three-star system.
Einstein's theory states that all objects fall the same way despite their mass or composition, like a cannonball and apple falling off the Leaning Tower of Pisa and hitting the ground at the same time. While this theory works in many situations, others hypothesize there are circumstances when alternative theories of gravity would be at play, such as in instances of extreme gravity. New research published in Nature confirms that, even in an extreme gravity system, the theory of relativity still applies.
"This research shows how routine and careful observation of distant stars can give us a high-precision test of one of the fundamental theories of physics," said Ingrid Stairs, professor in the department of physics and astronomy at UBC and a co-author of the study.
The three-star system that the researchers observed, known as PSR J0337+1715, is located 4,200 light years away and is made up of two white dwarfs and a neutron star. White dwarfs are very dense stars; while their size is comparable to Earth, their mass is similar to that of our sun. Neutron stars are even smaller and denser than white dwarfs. They are made from collapsed cores of stars that have undergone supernova explosions and are the densest stars in the universe. Many spinning neutron stars are pulsars, sending regular lighthouse-like electromagnetic signals out through space that can be captured by radio telescopes here on Earth.
After discovering the three-star system, the researchers published a study in Nature in 2014, which noted that the system could be used to test Einstein's theory. The team of astronomers followed the neutron star for six years using the Westerbork Synthesis Radio Telescope in the Netherlands, the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia and the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico.
"We can account for every single pulse of the neutron star since we began our observations. And we can tell its location to within a few hundred meters," said Anne Archibald, lead author of the paper and a postdoctoral researcher of the University of Amsterdam and ASTRON, the Netherlands Institute for Radio Astronomy. "That is a really precise track of where the neutron star has been, and where it is going."
In the three-star system, the neutron star is in a 1.6-day orbit with one white dwarf, and the second white dwarf orbits this pair with a period of 327 days. By tracking the inner pair of stars through the course of several orbits of the outer white dwarf, scientists could measure whether the pulsar and inner white dwarf were affected differently by the gravity of the outer white dwarf. Over time, the researchers found almost no detectable difference, indicating there is little room for alternative theories of gravity in this model.
"If there is a difference, it is no more than three parts in a million," says Nina Gusinskaia, PhD student at the University of Amsterdam and a co-author of the study. "Now, anyone with an alternative theory of gravity has an even narrower range of possibilities that their theory has to fit into, in order to match what we have seen."
"Every single time we've tested Einstein's theory of relativity so far, the results have been consistent," said Stairs. "But we keep looking for departures from relativity because that might help us understand how to describe gravity and quantum mechanics with the same mathematical language."
###
It's time for a monster-sized mea culpa. Earlier this year, I made the mistake of assuming the worst about Rampage. The April film, directed by Brad Peyton and starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, is based on the arcade games of the same name, which is already a bad start, since that franchise ranks well below the likes of pretty much any other game license ever slapped onto a film. (What, Mr. Do was unavailable?)
And its pre-release hype and trailers consisted mostly of Johnson alternating between agony, screaming, and sympathizing with a giant CGI ape. What hope did this film have?
Turns out, filmgoers had no idea what a treat Peyton and co. delivered. Hindsight is already incredibly kind to Rampage's tongue-in-cheek fun and action, and that's thanks to the triceratops-sized dump that the Crichton empire laid in June with Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom.
Do gorillas eat cheese?
Both films revolve around questionable DNA editing techniques applied to wild animals—and their destructive results. They each also include sniveling corporate goons in charge of these ill-informed experiments. And in both films, the villains are put in their place by handsome, muscular men who can only open their hearts to the creatures they take care of.
But where Fallen Kingdom couldn't make its mind up between over-serious drama, all-out intensity, and maddeningly silly leaps of horror-film logic, Rampage manages a perfect landing with its monster-sized feet. The secret is how seriously Peyton takes their film's cheese.
Rampage understands a beat-by-beat playbook for strapping viewers into a relatively predictable ride. Johnson's character of David Okoye quickly establishes a master-and-puppy relationship with George, who starts the film as a reasonably sized gorilla (and a rare albino one, at that) in a wildlife conservatory. A breezy, humorous sequence sees Okoye and George eyeing each other slyly as the gorilla pranks one of their newer caretakers, and this does as much to sell enjoyable jokes as it does to establish why Okoye will risk everything for their albino buddy once things go, you know, ape.
Further Reading Heads up to kaiju fans: You must watch (five minutes of) Kong: Skull Island All the while, we meet the brother-sister duo who are responsible for irresponsible DNA experiments, and this combo-platter villain treatment is so much more slick than Fallen Kingdom's ludicrously "hidden" basement lab. We get to laugh at the doofus brother Brett Wyden (Jake Lacy) who rattles off the kinds of bad-henchman logic that would get most movie criminals caught, all while the smarter sister Claire Wyden (Malin Åkerman) licks their chops with confident delivery and logically sound ways to beat their bad rap. Claire stands to gain everything from their experiments destroying an entire city—including convenient destruction of all the incriminating evidence. Brett nods eagerly while munching on a Pop-Tart.
And Peyton sprinkles salt into the proceedings by adding Harvey Russell (Jeffrey Dean Morgan), a southern-drawl government operative who shows up to make things right no matter who they piss off. It's no surprise, then, when Okoye and Russell eventually unite to thwart the Wydens, but Peyton strings this second-tier conflict along just long enough to add some tension between the more bombastic monster-crushing sequences.
Snarling-tortoise thing going on
Since Rampage borrows from the video games of the same name, that means you can expect three giant beasts in all: George the gorilla, Lizzie the lizard, and Ralph the wolf. We see George terrify their former caretakers as their body begins multiplying in size and strength, while Ralph takes out an entire black-ops cleanup crew in the kind of hilarious "of course" fashion you might expect from a Troma Films classic.
But it's the Chicago-smashing final scene, broken into a few parts, that emerges with the right amount of momentum and climactic buildup that we so desperately want in a good monster movie. Fallen Kingdom wants so badly to cram action and giant dinos into its every scene, but Rampage pulls back often enough to properly sell its protagonists—Okoye, Russell, and a determined geneticist (Naomie Harris)—and make us care about why they'd want to save the world.
Plus, Ralph and Lizzie eventually emerge with enjoyably stupid creative license. The wolf has somehow been cross-bred with a flying squirrel, which puts a few surprise tricks in its flying sleeves, while Lizzie has a spiky, carnivorous, snarling-tortoise thing going on, which makes it an incredible against-all-odds final boss for Okoye and George to eventually team up against. I'll take these two gonzo monsters over the ho-hum "T. rex head on a raptor's body" climax of Fallen Kingdom any day.
That geneticist character, by the way, is fed enough dialogue about genetic engineering and about uncovering the Wyden siblings' hidden files to stitch the silly proceedings together with just enough logic so that you'll have little reason to angrily throw Goobers at the screen. Rampage is proud about how silly it is, but that doesn't make it a dumb movie. This is a movie that does its best to respect the patience and intelligence of its fun-loving moviegoers, because its aspirations are transparent: it's a movie that wants you to get a kick out of its human-gorilla bonding and have you shout with glee when a monster crushes a helicopter with its jaws. Rampage is proof that, yes, you can have both extremes with your popcorn.
Rampage is now available on major digital distribution platforms. Its Blu-ray and DVD versions will arrive on July 17.
(Adds comments from Isolux Corsan)
LA PAZ, April 19 Bolivia's government said on Wednesday it had rescinded contracts to build a road and a dam with Spain's Corsan-Corviam, a subsidiary of Isolux Corsan SA, pulling contractual guarantees for more than $150 million.
Isolux Corsan IPO-ISOL.MC said in a statement the government had not considered alternatives the company offered and had failed to complete its own contractual obligations.
The company is undergoing debt restructuring in Spain and has also stopped development of power transmission lines in Brazil.
Bolivia's Minister of Public Works Milton Claros said Corsan-Corviam had signed contracts worth $534 million in 2014 and had missed construction dates.
"We have to take legal action for damages and losses that have been caused," Claros said.
"They were notified and had time to amend the situation, but as they have not done so... what is left is to execute the guarantees and that is what we are going to do."
Isolux Corsan's statement said the company had given Bolivia's electrical authority numerous alternatives to enable it to continue work on the dam.
It also said the government's highway authority owed money on the road Isolux Corsan was contracted to build and creditors had staged protests, creating a security risk for its workers. (Reporting by Daniel Ramos; Writing by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by Bernard Orr and Lisa Shumaker)
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) – A Wichita, Kansas, man has been ordered to spend more than 13 years in prison for raping one woman and trying to sexually attack another after taking them to their apartment.
Forty-two-year-old Jimmie Trosclair pleaded guilty in April to charges of rape, attempted rape and breach of privacy.
Authorities say that on Feb. 18, Trosclair met two women at a tavern and took them to their apartment, where they were intoxicated and fell unconscious.
Prosecutors say Trosclair filmed and photographed their sexual attack of one woman and was disrobing the other victim when they regained consciousness, fled and flagged down a motorist for help.
The Sedgwick County judge who sentenced Tosclair ordered them to register as a sex offender after their release from prison.
BOISE - The Boise Police Department is investigating an early morning stabbing that left one person injured.
Officials say around 4:15 am Saturday, officers responded to a report of a stabbing inside a hotel room on the 2500 block of W. Sunrise Rim.
The victim was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
During the course of their investigation, officers spoke with several witnesses and arrested one suspect, Jacob Gibson, on a felony charge of accessory to aggravated battery.
Police are still looking for one unidentified subject who is pictured in the attached image from surveillance video. The unidentified subject is the man in the center of the photo taking off their hat.
Anyone with information about the person in the photo is asked to call Crime Stoppers: at 343-COPS (2677), www.343COPS.com, or leave a tip using the “P3 Tips” app for your mobile device.
FAYETTE CO., WV (CHARLESTON GAZETTE-MAIL) — The search for Harold Tolbert ended Saturday morning after they turned themselves in at the Fayette County Sheriff's Office to face charges of embezzlement and computer fraud.
Tolbert, 35, allegedly stole nearly $9,500 from a bank account they controlled as then-president of a youth football league called the Valley Rockets, according to a criminal complaint filed in Fayette County Magistrate Court.
Shortly after they took over the league on Jan. 17, Tolbert failed to provide expenditure reports or bank records to other members of the league, the complaint states. They later stopped all contact with the members.
Click here to read more.
Comments
comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Delays have hit the M5 entering Gloucestershire after a two-vehicle crash which has left oil and debris spilled across the motorway.
The main carriageway southbound is closed between Stensham Services and junction 8 for the M50 after the crash this morning (Saturday).
Repair work is being carried out on damaged barriers at the scene and recovery of the vehicles involved is being awaited, according to the latest reports.
Traffic is being diverted off at Strensham Services and rejoining at junction 8 but there are heavy delays.
There is no time given at the moment on when it is likely to clear.
FLINT, Mich. – A Mid-Michigan man said it was the “best mistake I've ever made,” and it led to them winning $100,000, according to WNEM.
The Tuscola County man, who has chosen to remain anonymous, matched the Fantasy 5 numbers drawn Thursday to win the Fantasy 5 jackpot.
They bought their winning ticket at Worth's Party Store, located at 4730 East Main Street in Millington.
“I usually play 04-14-28-30-31, but I accidentally picked 29 instead of 28,” said the player. “Rather than starting over with a new slip, I just decided to go ahead and play those numbers and I'm so glad I did.
The lucky player claimed their prize on Tuesday.
“Winning the jackpot was all because of a simple mistake, but it's definitely the best mistake I've ever made.”
They said they plan to use the money to pay down their mortgage.
“I can't tell you how it feels to win the jackpot. It's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing,” the player said.
The cast and crew of “Hawaii Five-0” will once again walk the red carpet at Waikiki Beach for an annual Sunset on the Beach screening.
CBS announced that the event will be held on Queen's Surf Beach in Waikiki on Friday, Nov. 10.
The event time has not been announced yet.
It won't be a season premiere like in previous years, but fans will still gather around the big screen to watch a brand-new episode from the show's eighth season.
Since the event will be taking place on Veterans Day weekend, veterans and active duty members of the military are invited to attend as special guests.
“This annual event is a highlight of our year, when the cast and crew get to bring our show directly to fans and friends worldwide,” said Executive Producer Peter Lenkov, in a statement. “This year, in honor of Veterans Day, we will dedicate this event to America's real heroes who inspire us and our show each and every day.”
Thousands of fans from Hawaii and all over the world have flocked to Queen's Surf Beach in what's become an annual tradition. Many of the show's cast and crew members have also stopped onto the red carpet to greet fans and join the festivities.
“Hawaii Five-0” airs on KGMB on Fridays at 8 p.m. Hawaii time.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
A legal defense fund has been set up for former Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort by their “long time friends,” according to the fund's website.
The Paul Manafort Defense Fund was established “to assist Paul and their family in meeting the tremendous legal costs resulting from the proceedings commenced against them by the Office of Special Counsel following the historic 2016 Presidential Election.”
NPR was first to report the fund's existence on Wednesday.
Manafort is facing charges in Washington, D.C. and Virginia that include money laundering, failure to disclose foreign lobbying, tax fraud and bank fraud. He's pleaded not guilty.
It is not clear who is behind the fund. A TPM inquiry sent to a generic email on the website about the fund's backers and its plans for public disclosure of contributions went unanswered.
“The Trust will maintain strict confidentiality of the identity and information of those who choose to contribute,” the website said. Any leftovers from the contributions will go the ACLU and The Brain Trauma Fund, per the website.
Under its media page, the fund lists a number of news stories about the Manafort case, many of them hyperbolic and conspiratorial in tone, and also includes a Sean Hannity clip bashing Special Counsel Robert Mueller's team.
Manafort has remained under house arrest since turning themselves in to the FBI last October when the indictment against them was unsealed. Their lawyers have said in court proceedings that their home confinement has affected their ability to make money to pay for their legal defense. At a hearing last month, their attorney also revealed that Manafort had “millions” of dollars locked down due to forfeiture allegations.
A number of other legal defense funds have sprouted up for those involved in the various investigations into Russian election meddling, which is also being probed by Congress. A fund for White House aides caught up in the investigation was launched earlier this year, while a fund for Trump associate Michael Caputo is also now offering to cover the legal fees of other Trump associates.
Former National Security Advisor Mike Flynn, before pleading guilty to lying to FBI agents about Russian contacts during the presidential transition, set up a legal defense fund, as did Manafort's longtime business partner Rick Gates, who also reached a plea deal with Mueller.
The fund set up for Gates caused a legal headache for their attorneys when they were accused of violating a gag order imposed in the case against them and Manafort by appearing in a pre-filmed video that aired at a fundraiser for the legal defense fund.
A 50-year-old Cheltenham woman who tried to end their lives by setting themselves on fire in their ex-husband's home has walked free from court with a community penalty today.
Samantha Harper, of Mersey Road, Cheltenham, who suffered 33 per cent burns, admitted arson but did not accept any intent to endanger other lives or being reckless whether lives were jeopardisd.
They started the fire on November 27 last year at a house in Lichfield Drive, Cheltenham.
Harper, who had undergone medical assessment after the offence, was sentenced at Gloucester Crown Court to engage in a mental health treatment requirement for a year.
Prosecutor, Janine Wood told Judge Michael Harington: "Ms Harper has pleaded guilty to simple arson on November 27. This was a house owned by their ex-husband, a three bedroom semi detached property.
"She had been staying there and on the day in question they committed the arson.
"Earlier that day they had asked their neighbour to take to them to get petrol for their car. They said that they had been drinking and so couldn't drive herself, but wanted to use the car the following day and to have petrol in it.
"Her neighbour took them to a local Morrisons with a petrol station. They filled up a jerry can with petrol. Them neighbour said that Ms Harper seemed chatty and was not worried.
"Later, back home, they heard the defendant shouting 'Help me! Help me!'
"She went round and saw them on fire. They kicked the door in. The fire service was called and others unknown assisted and dragged the defendant outside."
Mrs Wood said that the Fire Officer's report stated that the fire started in an upstairs bedroom.
"In their opinion they set fire to the petrol with a lighter and set fire to their clothing. They suffered 33 per cent burns to their body."
Mrs Wood said that their ex husband had seen them earlier in the morning and they were fine, but "later they set fire to themselves in their daughter's room".
In their police interview, Harper said that in November last year they had been feeling "overwhelmed, depressed and wanted to end their lives."
Mrs Wood said that the defendant "looked up on Google" how long it took to burn to death.
"She told police their intention was to set fire to herself, they had no intention to harm others. Them ex-husband does not seek compensation and wants them to get help," they said.
Representing Harper, Joe Maloney, said: "She has gone through something of a troubled life. This is someone who took the most desperate measure as a cry for help.
"Since that time they have been actively supported by P3.  They are actively engaging, and it is hoped that they will continue to engage.
"P3 will continue to support them and help them to secure their own appropriate accommodation."
Mr Maloney said their client "was of limited means" and the Judge said they wouldn't order them to pay costs.
The judge said to Harper as they sentenced them to a 12 month community order with mental health treatment requirement: "I have to sentence you for an offence of arson at a three bed semi detached property that belongs to your ex husband, who is aware of your difficulties.
"You attempted to commit suicide by setting fire to yourself. The offence put others at risk, but I fully understand it was as a result of your mental health problems.
"I feel this is a case there I must order treatment. The sooner you get help for your problems the better, for everyone, including the community.
"I hope this will be the last time you appear in any court."
Where to get help and what to do if you're worried about mental health issues
What to do if you feel low
If you're not feeling yourself, going through a bad time, or are just feeling sad more than usual, it's possible that you could be experiencing depression or anxiety.
This doesn't mean that you're necessarily at risk, there are scales of both, and it could be that you are just experiencing low mood or moderate anxiety.
The most important thing to do is to let people around you know how you're feeling.
Talking to a partner, family member or friend is essential. They may be able to offer support and can be there for you while you go through a difficult time.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Where can I get help?
You should also go to talk to your GP.
Your GP can help find out if you're experiencing anxiety, stress and depression.
They can recommend ways to feel better naturally, for example increasing your exercise levels, or can suggest medication and counselling.
They can also refer you on to other mental health services.
Who else can I call?
If you feel you need more help, you can call the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire direct on 0800 073 2200 to discuss an appointment.
The mental health charity Mind runs a helpline on 0300 123 3393, or 86463 on text.
The Samaritans are also always there for those who have nowhere else to turn.
But it stresses that it's not just for those who have suicidal thoughts. In fact they say: "Most people who contact us are not suicidal. When you talk to us, we will give you an opportunity to talk about any thoughts or feelings you have, whatever they may be."
You can call the Samaritans on 116 123.
In Cheltenham, the Suicide Crisis Centre provides vital support. Along with the services at the centre in High Street, Cheltenham, the charity also goes out to visit service users – sometimes staying for hours at a time if they are at high risk of suicide.
To contact the Suicide Crisis Centre, phone 07975 974455 or visit www.suicidecrisis.co.uk
Galway 4-21
Wexford 2-26
(After extra-time)
Kevin O'Brien reports from O'Moore Park, Portlaoise
GALWAY LOOKED DEAD and buried when they trailed by two points with seconds left in extra-time, but Sean Bleahene's goal delivered their first ever Leinster U21 hurling title in dramatic fashion tonight.
Source: James Crombie/INPHO
In one of the games of the summer, Wexford were 2-26 to 3-21 at the very death of the afters when a searching long ball inside was caught and buried home by Bleahene.
Bleahene was scoreless when they were withdrawn after 42 minutes but reintroduced with three minutes left in extra-time and capitalised on their late, late chance to win the provincial title for Galway.
Galway looked primed to lift the crown in their first season in the competition when they led by three points after 66 minutes, but Wexford found a last-ditch equalising goal through wing-back Ian Carthy to force an extra 20 minutes.
With players cramping all over the field in the warm weather conditions, Wexford surged clear in extra-time and Rory O'Connor's eighth point of the game looked like it would seal their fourth title at this grade since 2013.
O'Connor was outstanding throughout, while Seamus Casey top-scored for the Model with 1-9.
Source: Laszlo Geczo/INPHO
In a rip-roaring encounter, pre-game favourites Galway found themselves facing down the barrel of defeat when they trailed by five points after 42 minutes. But two goals from Evan Niland and Kevin Cooney left them in control before Carthy's late intervention forced the extra period.
Nilan was excellent with 1-7 while Cianan Fahy (0-5), Thomas Monaghan (1-2) and Sean Loftus (0-2) also impressed.
It was a brilliant summer's evening of hurling in front of a very lively crowd in Portlaoise. The sides shared 53 scores between them in a game that crackled and sparked throughout.
Galway lived up to their pre-game billing as favourites with an electric start. Five players were on target inside seven minutes as they raced into an 0-6 to 0-2 lead.
In the 12th minute came one of the goals of the competition, scored by senior panellist Tomas Monaghan. Their mazy run, which started out on the right flank at the 45m, took them past Rowan White and Conor Firman before they neatly flicked it past Eanna Murphy.
Galway's Evan Niland and Damien Reck of Wexford. Source: Laszlo Geczo/INPHO
Galway were six in front at that stage, but the Model would score nine of the next 10 points to go in 0-13 to 1-8 ahead at the interval.
Much of that was down to Casey's excellence from dead balls and open play, while Rory O'Connor fired over three first-half points – each one better than the next.
The decision to move Joe O'Connor into the full-forward line proved major dividends for Wexford boss Tom Mulally shortly after the break. O'Connor registered a score and then fetched a long Jack Cushe puck-out before feeding the run of Casey for Wexford's opening goal.
Rory O'Connor sent over another magical score to leave Wexford ahead by 1-17 to 1-12 but at the far end, the power of the Galway attackers began to tell. Kevin Cooney and Evan Niland netted a marvellously individual goal apiece in the space of 60 seconds.
Source: James Crombie/INPHO
Booming efforts followed from Sean Loftus and Fintan Burke as the game swayed in Galway's favour. But Casey kept the scoreboard ticking over with their frees and then Carthy sent the game to extra-time with a low finish.
Casey hobbled off with an injury during the first period of extra-time but Rory O'Connor assumed free-taking duties and left the Yellowbellies 2-24 to 3-18 ahead after the first period.
The sides traded scores during the second period before Rory O'Connor's long-range effort looked like the insurance score for Wexford, until Bleahene's last second intervention.
Scorers for Wexford: Seamus Casey 1-9 (0-7f), Rory O'Connor 0-8 (0-2f), Ian Carthy 1-0, Stephen O'Gorman 0-2, Rory Higgins 0-2, Joe O'Connor 0-2, Garry Molloy 0-1, Rowan White 0-1,
Scorers for Galway: Evan Niland 1-7 (0-7f), Tomas Monaghan 1-2, Kevin Cooney 1-1, Cianan Fahy 0-5 (0-1 65, 0-1f), Brian Concannon 0-2, Sean Loftus 0-2, Fintan Burke 0-1, Conor Caulfield 0-1.
Galway
1. Eanna Murphy (Tommy Larkins)
2. Ian O'Shea (Athenry)
3. Jack Fitzpatrick (Killimordaly)
4. Shane Bannon (Clarinbridge)
7. Jack Grealish (Gort)
5. Fintan Burke (St. Thomas)
6. Mark Hughes (Liam Mellows)
8. Thomas Monaghan (Craughwell)
9. Sean Loftus (Turloughmore)
10. Brian Concannon (Killimordaly)
11. Cian Salmon (Clarinbridge)
12. Cianan Fahy (Ardrahan)
15. Kevin Cooney (Sarsfields)
13. Evan Niland (Clarinbridge)
14. Sean Bleahane (Ahascragh-Fohenagh)
Subs
23. Patrick Foley (Clarinbridge) for Salmon (ht)
19. Conor Caulfield (Kilconieron) for Hughes (41)
17. Jack Canning (Portumna) for Bleahene (42)
22. Michael Lynch (Killnadeema Leitrim) for Monaghan (75)
14. Bleahene for Nilan (77)
Wexford
1. Jack Cushe (Naomh Eanna)
6. Damien Reck (Oylgate-Glenbrien)
3. Darren Byrne (Blackwater)
2. Shane Reck (Olygate-Glenbrien)
5. Aaron Maddock (St Martin's)
7. Ian Carthy (Taghmon-Camross)
9. Rowan White (Glynn-Barntown)
8. Garry Moloy (Naomh Eanna)
4. Conor Firman (St Martin's – captain)
10. Joe O'Connor (St Martin's)
11. Rory O'Connor (St Martin's)
12. Liam Stafford (Adamstown)
15. Seamus Casey (Olygate-Glenbrien)
13. Stephen O'Gorman (Adamstown)
14. Rory Higgins (Rathnure)
Subs
21. Oisin Foley (Crossabeg-Ballymurn) for Stafford (52)
23. Mikie Dwyer (Fethard) for O'Gorman (52)
22. Darren Codd (St Martin's) for White (57)
13. O'Gorman for Casey (68)
Referee: John O'Brien (Laois)
In The Gifted‘s fall finale, the stage was set for a major mutant rescue, until a triple threat of sorts arrived on the scene to make mayhem.
With Clarice, Dreamer, Andy and Lauren nabbed by Sentinel Services — possibly to be converted into Hounds — Lorna lobbies to launch another attack, but Caitlin and Reed balk. As a compromise, Marcos in the meantime sends people to scout out Sentinel Services and Trask.
The telepath Esme then “eavesdrops” on Reed and Caitlin before discreetly suggesting that this “human problem needs a human solution,” so maybe they should appeal to Agent Turner. After all, the kids in a proper prison is better than them being drugged pets, right? The Struckers concur and sneak out of HQ to visit the Turners, scary gun in hand.
Jace and their wife aren't very receptive to the Struckers' argument, despite the parental “bond” they attempt to milk — until, that is, Paula gets wind of how their husband stormed the Strucker house to confront the two teens, gun in hand. After the Struckers leave, they hit a nerve by asking Jace: “What are you doing in our little girl's name??”
Meanwhile at the way station, Esme “lets slip” to the others that Caitlin and Reed went rogue to talk to Turner, and then plants the seed that in success, a prison transfer might happen that night — one they could intercept.
At Trask, Campbell gets their hands on the Strucker kids, outfits them with special suits and plops them into a adamantium-lined room to let fly with their combined power. Andy and Lauren at first refuse, despite some zaps to their shock collars. But when Campbell coldly shoots Dreamer dead, as the kids watch, they oblige them with a show, lest Clarice meet the same fate. And needless to say, the siblings do not disappoint, overloading the room's sensors, shaking the lab's rafters some and giving Campbell the data they need to replicate the explosive power, as a “permanent solution” to the mutant problem.
But just then, Agent Turner shows up to question the legality of Campbell's experiments and for the time being cart away any and all mutants. Outside Trask, Esme sneaks up on the guard booth with Marcos to gain some intel, before KO'ing Marcos. They then uses their ability to control the minds of Turner's partner Ed, who unlocks all the mutant collars; the guards, who start gunning down one another; and then Ed again, to shoot Jace and then blow their own brains out. As the massacre unfolds, Andy, Lauren and the others exit the transport, where they are met by Esme… and two more Esmes. (As they spoke, closed captioning labeled them “FROST TRIPLETS.”)
“The fun's just starting,” the trio announced, as we head into the brief winter break before the season's final three episodes.
Want scoop on The Gifted, or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) - U.S. Attorney Mike Stuart has been recused from representing the federal government in a case involving former Massey Energy CEO Don Blankenship's criminal mine safety conviction.
The Charleston Gazette-Mail cites court records that say the entire U.S. Attorney's Office for Southern West Virginia has been recused based upon the appearance or existence of conflicts of interest. Stuart declined to explain the recusal's reason to the newspaper.
Blankenship, who lost a bid for the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate, was convicted in 2015 of conspiracy to violate federal mine safety and health standards. They spent a year in prison. They say the conviction should be thrown out as documents weren't shared that could have helped their case.
U.S. Attorney for Eastern Kentucky, Robert M. Duncan Jr., will now handle the case.
___
Information from: The Charleston Gazette-Mail, http://wvgazettemail.com.
Partial sea wall collapse affects harbor in Alaska city
Photo: Dustin Safranek, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 In this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018 photo, crews cut conduit and remove debris from a collapsed retaining seawall at Bar Harbor South in Ketchikan, Alaska. The Partial collapse of the sea wall has prompted removal of a harbor ramp and interrupted electric and water service to some floats. Dan Berg, with the city's Port and Harbors Department, says this all started with a sinkhole in a parking lot that collapsed Sunday. (Dustin Safranek/Ketchikan Daily News via AP) less In this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018 photo, crews cut conduit and remove debris from a collapsed retaining seawall at Bar Harbor South in Ketchikan, Alaska. The Partial collapse of the sea wall has prompted ... more Photo: Dustin Safranek, AP Partial sea wall collapse affects harbor in Alaska city 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
KETCHIKAN, Alaska (AP) — Partial collapse of a sea wall in the southeast Alaska city of Ketchikan has prompted removal of a harbor ramp and interrupted electric and water service to some floats.
Dan Berg, with the city's Port and Harbors Department, says this all started with a sinkhole in a parking lot that collapsed Sunday.
The Ketchikan Daily News reports that the local utility was working on a plan to provide electricity to the floats. Berg hoped to have water restored Tuesday.
A large chunk of the rock wall fell into the harbor. Public Works Director Mark Hilson says the wall was in poor shape last week, resulting in partial closure of a parking lot. They say no one was hurt when the wall collapsed.
Stabilization efforts were under way.
___
Information from: Ketchikan (Alaska) Daily News, http://www.ketchikandailynews.com
“There was a lot unveiled during the Apple WWDC keynote last week and, as to be expected, some of the hotter and bigger products stole the limelight and relegated others to be simply an extra in the over two-hour-long production,” Carolina Milanesi writes for Tech.pinions. “watchOS 4 might not have seemed significant, especially to those who have been so eagerly calling Apple Watch a failure, but I saw it as one of the best examples of how Apple sees the future.”
“Apple is also attempting to turn Apple Watch into more of an active coach than a simple tracker. This might seem like a subtle differentiation, but if implemented right it could actually drive engagement and loyalty,” Milanesi writes. “Tracking, while clearly useful, has a more passive role and one that some users might think could be taken on by other devices. Turning Apple Watch more into a coach through daily inspiration, evening push and monthly challenges deepens the relationship a user has with the device.”
“As Apple Watch becomes more like a coach, Siri becomes a more visible but discreet assistant that is being liberated from the iPhone,” Milanesi writes. “I think this is a very powerful paradigm and before nay-sayers jump to point out that Apple Watch penetration is limited, I underline that Apple Watch users are highly engaged in the Apple ecosystem and represent Siri's best opportunity. Similar to CarPlay, Apple Watch also has a captivated audience not just for Siri's brains but also for voice-first. With Apple Watch, voice interaction is the most natural form of interaction, especially when wearing AirPods.”
Read more in the full article here.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Madison Square Garden Co:
* THE MADISON SQUARE GARDEN COMPANY REPORTS FISCAL 2018 SECOND QUARTER RESULTS
* Q2 REVENUE ROSE 20 PERCENT TO $536.3 MILLION
* FISCAL 2018 Q2 NET INCOME INCLUDES NON-CASH INCOME TAX BENEFIT OF $113.5 MILLION TO REDUCE CO‘S NET DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
* DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO MADISON SQUARE GARDEN COMPANY‘S STOCKHOLDERS $7.96 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
BERLIN (Sputnik) —Other three German nationals have been wounded in the attack and are being provided with medical care, the spokesperson said.
"One of the victims definitely had Turkish and German citizenship. The other one – the Turkish [citizenship], but this information should still be verified. Both citizens used to live in Bavaria," Martin Schaefer told journalists in Berlin.
At least 39 people were killed, including more than 20 foreigners, and 65 injured as a result of the attack on Istanbul's Reina nightclub. The attacker is said to have opened fire from a Kalashnikov assault rifle. The manhunt is underway.
The single winning ticket is worth $456.7 million -- the eighth-largest pot in the game's history, officials said in a statement.
Tyrann Mathieu officially joined the Houston Texans on a one-year deal Monday, and the safety views their new team as a "fresh start."
The deal is for $7 million, according to NFL Network's Tom Pelissero.
Mathieu signed with the Texans after being released by the Arizona Cardinals on Wednesday in a cost-savings move.
"I just want to prove my point that I'm one of the best safeties in this league," they said at their introductory press conference in Houston on Monday. "Obviously I had some setbacks, I had some challenges and I tried to take those challenges head-on.
"I'm really just trying to come here with a clean slate. It's a fresh start for me and I'm just trying to prove my point again."
In 2017, Mathieu played in every game for the first time since their rookie season in 2013 and finished with 78 combined tackles and two interceptions. They also led the league with 1,263 total snaps -- 1,056 on defense and 207 on special teams.
They were released just before $5.75 million of their 2018 salary and $8 million of their 2019 salary were set to become guaranteed. That was part of a five-year, $62.5 million extension Mathieu signed before the 2016 season.
"At this point in my career, getting released on the beginning of the new league year, I felt like I had to make a decision fast," Mathieu said.
Mathieu, 25, has recorded 303 tackles, 11 interceptions, four sacks and four forced fumbles since being selected by the Cardinals in the third round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) - The New York Giants have re-signed defensive end Kerry Wynn and added three other free agents, including a wide receiver who has returned kickoffs.
The Giants announced the moves Monday with the newcomers being receiver Cody Latimer, defensive end Josh Mauro and cornerback B.W. Webb.
Wynn has played in 49 regular-season games with 10 starts since making the team as a free agent out of Richmond in 2014. They have 91 tackles, three sacks, three fumble recoveries and one forced fumble. Last season, they played in 15 games with three starts.
Latimer played their first four seasons for the Denver Broncos, appearing in 45 regular-season games with three starts. They had 35 receptions for 445 yards and three touchdowns. Latimer also averaged 24.4 yards on 18 kickoff returns. They finished with a career-high 19 receptions for 287 yards and two touchdowns in 2017.
Mauro is being reunited with defensive coordinator James Bettcher. They played their four seasons for the Arizona Cardinals, the past three under Bettcher.
Undrafted coming out of Stanford, Mauro played in 47 games with 26 starts for the Cardinals. They had 92 tackles, two sacks, two forced fumbles and one fumble recovery. They started seven of the 13 games last season.
Webb did not play in a regular-season game last season. They were on the Cleveland Browns' roster for one game in December but was inactive.
A fourth-round draft pick out of William & Mary in 2013, Webb had played with Dallas, Pittsburgh, Tennessee and New Orleans.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and - http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
ARIES (March 21-April 19). Laughter, like yawning, is contagious. Bonus: You don't even have to know what you're laughing about to get the many benefits of a jolly good time today.
TAURUS (April 20-May 20). Those with a primitive conscience don't want to do bad things because of what might happen to them. Those with a higher conscience don't want to because of the effect on others.
GEMINI (May 21-June 21). Good relationships are not defined by an absence of problems. They go on regardless of what problems are present, not letting those issues get in the way of the shared goals and purposes.
CANCER (June 22-July 22). Life is movement. Engage the movement and you are dancing. Stay rigid or resist in any way and you risk being passed over, hurt or broken by the forces that keep the circle whirring.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22). You're open to seeing things differently. Because of your sophisticated mind, you can understand the story from many sides without losing your own take on it. You will discover that because you see differently, you act differently, as well.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22). Lately, you've been dealing with a few layers of negativity. Rest assured the condition isn't chronic. You're doing something every day to heal yourself.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 23). The currency of the ego is glamor, money and might. It's the ability to influence and control others. This is what goes for power, but it's not real power, as the really powerful know well.
SCORPIO (Oct. 24-Nov. 21). Beware of people who always seem to want more - more of your time, more of your attention, more of your money. They will never be satisfied.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21). People around you will feel compelled to give their opinion. When there are "too many cooks in the kitchen," you can best express your deep caring by simply being quiet.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19). Anyone with money can show affection through the purchase of gifts or by wining and dining. Be different. You'll stand out when you use your intelligence, sense of play and many talents to create a unique impression.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18). You've been stable and consistent in an endeavor, and now you'll enjoy the rewards earned by your actions. Others are reassured by your dependability and will give you their trust.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20). The small print will now be a large part of the deal. The hidden costs will come out of hiding. Deal with them immediately and you'll avoid paying for what you didn't understand well.
TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (March 19). Realizing that it's not enough to push out of your comfort zone just every once in a while, you make a habit of it this year. You'll become more and more courageous, grow your skill set and become more attractive to all sorts of people. You'll get your comeuppance in May. Love will be declared in June. November brings a windfall. Leo and Taurus adore you. Your lucky numbers are: 9, 3, 15, 2 and 38.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAND HAVEN, Mich. - A young Michigan girl is helping their classmates this holiday season, making sure they get a hot lunch at school by selling handmade "stretchy straw fidgeters," according to WXMI.
"Big ones are a dollar and little ones are 50 cents," said Lexi Bergeron, whose mother said they were inspired after hearing about students who couldn't afford lunches on the nightly news. They found out that some of their classmates would only get cheese sandwiches if they have a debt on their lunch account.
Lexi is in 4th grade at Ferry Elementary.  They are "Paying It Forward" not just for their school, but the whole district. Lexi started making fidget strings for $1 each, and made $11 the first week.
Lexi's mother, Sara, put together a GoFundMe page, hoping to raise $188 to pay off the entire Ferry Elementary school lunch debt. That effort exceeded expectations and now they are hoping to raise thousands to wipe away all lunch debts in the district.
Their goal is $2,200 by the end of December. If you'd like to help, visit the GoFundMe page here.
Experts quoted by Kuwaiti media estimate that as many as 35,000 barrels of crude may have leaked into the waters off Al-Zour
Published 11:50 PM, August 13, 2017
KUWAIT CITY, Kuwait – Emergency workers have managed to clean up "the major part" of an oil spill near the joint Kuwaiti-Saudi Al-Khafji oilfield in the Gulf, an official said on Sunday, August 13.
"The major portion of the main oil spill has been removed," Kuwait Petroleum Corporation (KPC) spokesperson Sheikh Talal al-Khaled Al-Sabah said in a statement.
Teams were still working to clean other parts of the spill and coastal areas, they said.
Emergency teams have been battling the large oil spill since it appeared off the emirate's southern coast on Thursday, August 10.
Sheikh Talal said precautionary measures have been taken around vital installations in Al-Zour area where a huge $30-billion oil complex including a 615,000-barrel-per-day refinery is being built.
There were no official reports about the source or size of the spill in the waters near the Al-Khafji field.
However, Kuwaiti media on Sunday quoted local oil experts as saying the spill originated from an old 50-kilometer (31-mile) pipeline from Al-Khafji.
The experts estimated that as many as 35,000 barrels of crude may have leaked into the waters off Al-Zour.
Emergency teams have sealed off two power and water desalination plants in the area to prevent contamination.
Kuwait depends largely on desalination for its fresh water supplies.
Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, located south of Kuwait along the Gulf coast, said slicks from the spill had not reached their waters.
Saudi Arabia, in a statement published by the official SPA news agency, said it had implemented a "crisis management plan" and was conducting an aerial survey of its oil installations along the coast.
The KPC said teams from Saudi Arabian Chevron and Oil Spill Response Limited (OSRL) had joined the coastal clean-up.
OPEC member Kuwait pumps around 2.7 million barrels per day of crude oil, providing around 85% of its public revenues. – Rappler.com
BELLEVUE, Wash. (AP) - A Seattle-area company has removed a school shooting video game off of its online platform following widespread backlash.
The "Active Shooter" video game was pulled days before it was to be released on the video-game marketplace Steam.
Valve Corp. as Steam's parent company said Tuesday that it was removing the computer video game because the developer was a "troll with a history of customer abuse."
The game was developed by Revived Games, published by Acid and led by a person named Ata Berdiyev. Valve spokesperson Doug Lombardi says Berdiyev had previously been kicked off the platform under a different business name.
The game allows players to re-create school shootings by stalking school hallways and racking up kills.
It was condemned by the parents of students killed during a Florida school shooting in February.
DETROIT — Ten years after leaving Michigan, the PGA Tour is bringing a new tournament to Detroit.
Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next summer. Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played, though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open.
It is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club, a century-old course designed by Donald Ross.
As part of the agreement, the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this year, which is held at the TPC Potomac and run by the Tiger Woods Foundation. The foundation will not be involved in the Detroit tournament.
Intersport will operate the tournament, along with other attractions that will take place in Detroit during the event.
One of the selling points for bringing the PGA Tour to Detroit was taking part in revitalizing the city.
"Professional golf belongs in Detroit," Quicken Loans chief executive Jay Farner said. "The Motor City — and the entire state of Michigan — have long served as a premier golf destination with some of the best courses in the country. We will be working with the PGA Tour to make the Detroit stop one of the most exciting and engaging events on the professional golf calendar."
Michigan had the Buick Open from 1958 through 2009, with a brief hiatus in the early 1970s. Woods won the tournament three times, including the final edition.
Quicken Loans stepped in as the title sponsor of Woods' tournament in Washington in 2014 after AT&T did not renew the contract. It moved to different courses and struggled to get a strong field, not helped by injuries to Woods that kept them from playing the last two years.
Quicken Loans also has a personal endorsement contract with Rickie Fowler.
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) - Iranian state media says the country's foreign minister was briefly hospitalized due to severe illness.
The state-run IRNA news agency cited a Foreign Ministry spokesperson as saying that Mohammad Javad Zarif was hospitalized for a few hours on Saturday and has cancelled all their meetings on Sunday so they can rest. The spokesperson did not provide further details on their illness.
Zarif, a relative moderate, was the lead negotiator in the talks leading up to the 2015 nuclear accord with world powers. They were briefly hospitalized with back pain in October 2013.
SANDY, Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored their 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to their feet and they sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
Credit Card Logo Option?
If you want to run a successful business, then the first thing that you need to do is to find a large audience, right? After all, this is one of the first questions we should ask ourselves when deciding whether or not our idea is good enough to become a full-fledged business: who will buy this? If the answer is “no one”, then we probably do not have the right idea idea around which we can base a business. Even if the answer is “a lot of people”, however, we still might find ourselves a bit behind. You see, today's consumer expects a very particular kind of convenience when it comes to buying things. They want to pay with the best credit card readers, and they want the process to be as smooth and easy as possible. If you accept credit cards, then you should really be advertising that fact as loudly as possible.
Merchant Account Solutions
Offering some of the best in merchant account processing services, Merchant Account Solutions has the kind of service you want at the price that you need. From offering the best credit card readers around to their clients to ensuring that they charge the lowest rates around, Merchant Account Solutions has been a trusted source for almost a decade. Did you know that they can even help you find the right kind of credit card logo to display on your website?
Credit Card Logo Options
When it comes to letting people know you accept credit card payments, few options are more popular than including a picture of the credit cards themselves directly on the page. At Merchant Account Solutions, you can choose from a variety of free options to do just this! You can easily let your clients know that you accept credit card payments, even if you aren't a customer of Merchant Account Solutions.
Image Source; Image Source
TENS of thousands of South Australians gathered this morning at dawn services for Anzac Day across the state on the 103rd anniversary of the landing of Australian and New Zealand troops at Gallipoli.
On a glorious April morning at the National War Memorial in Adelaide, Governor, Hieu Van Le, laid the first wreath in tribute to those who have fallen in the act of serving the nation.
Master of Ceremonies, and Chair of the SA Anzac Day Committee, Ian Smith, reminded a crowd of around 5000 that war is a “costly and terrible business” and that more than 102,000 Australians have lost their lives in the service of the nation.
“Anzac Day is never about military victories — indeed the Anzac tradition beings with a costly disaster,” they said.
‘To our veterans we show respect, we honour and we give thanks.
“In a last resort, these are the people we have relied upon to protect us and our democratic freedoms.
GALLERY: Anzac Day 2018 in Adelaide
“And we acknowledge the lessons they have taught us by example: How to endure hardship, show courage, to be daring as well as resilient, to believe in ourselves and to stick together when faced with adversity.”
Mr Smith said Anzac Day must be protected against the ignorant and misguided who seek to make it about nationalism and that the day is as much about those serving now as it is about those who fought and lost their lives on the Western Front in the Second Battle of Villers Bretonneux, 100 years ago today.
Camera Icon Kristen Tommasini at the dawn service at the SA National War Memorial, North Terrace. Picture: News Corp Australia, Tricia Watkinson
The RSL has this year placed a particular focus on the contribution of women in the armed services. A special servicewomen's group (Group 12) marched in the parade.
“Women represent more than 16 per cent of the full time Defence Force and their involvement in defence of the nation has seen dramatic changes since World War II,” they added.
“And more work to be done recognising their contribution.”
Kristen Tommasini attending their first Dawn Service was there to pay respect to those that fought and remember their grandparents who fought in World War II.
“Getting up early to come here and show respect is the least I can do,” the Noarlunga Downs resident said.
“We should never forget because we wouldn't enjoy the freedoms we have without their service.
“My feelings are of a deep sense of emotion and connection with everyone here.
“Hopefully this tradition never dies out so it was good to see so many young people here to keep it going.”
The service, attended by new South Australian Premier, Steven Marshall, Simon Birmingham representing the Federal Government and Penny Wong for the Opposition, emphasised the responsibility of politicians committing Australian troops overseas to war zones.
During the service a veteran involved in the official ceremony collapsed but was quickly attended to by St John's Ambulance staff.
After 10 minutes of treatment they got to their feet.
In Canberra, more than 30,000 braved cold weather to attend the dawn service at the Australian War Memorial.
Kylie Jenner‘s daughter isn't walking yet, but their feet are still dressed in style.
“Stormi can finally fit into some of their sneakers,” the reality star can be heard saying of their 5-month-old in a video shared Tuesday to their Snapchat account, where they show off Stormi‘s substantial shoe collection, including a sweet pair of blush-pink sneakers.
“Her dad gave them a bunch of vintage shoes,” Jenner, 20, adds of boyfriend Travis Scott, pointing out a pair of pint-sized black, gray and red Air Jordans. “So I'm about to see if they like shoes.”
In a follow-up story addition, the Kylie Cosmetics mogul wrote, “This dress was mine when I was a baby” atop a photo of a hanging ivory dress with two big bows on the front.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Kylie Jenner's Snapchat Kylie Jenner Snapchat
Kylie Jenner's Snapchat Kylie Jenner Snapchat
Kylie Jenner's Snapchat Kylie Jenner Snapchat
RELATED: Travis Scott Shares New Snap of Stormi After Kylie Jenner Says She's Hiding Their Baby's Face
Baby Stormi might be sporting a pair of their adorable kicks at their first birthday party next year, for which their Keeping Up with the Kardashians star mama is already brainstorming ideas.
“Stormi is going to be 5 months this weekend, which really is tripping me,” Jenner said in a Snapchat video they posted last week. “That means we're halfway to a year … almost. And I'm already thinking about their first birthday and how it's going to be epic.”
The star is going to have to get a little creative, though. “I was going to do super magical unicorn theme but North and Penelope beat me to it,” they said of their nieces, who teamed up for a joint bash last month that included donuts, matching unicorn cakes and rice-crispy pops with unicorn horns and ears. “So I have to think of something else.”
Kylie Jenner and daughter Stormi Kylie Jenner/Instagram
RELATED VIDEO: Kylie Jenner Says There's “Nothing Better” than Holding Them Daughter Stormi: “My Little Love”
The new mom recently deleted all photos showing their daughter's face from social media — and a source told PEOPLE last month that Jenner plans on keeping it that way for a while.
“Kylie felt so protective of their baby when they were pregnant. This is why they didn't share any bump pictures while they were pregnant,” said the insider. “After Stormi was born, Kylie was the proudest mom.”
“She couldn't wait to show off Stormi to their fans. They posted pictures, because they were so excited to be a mom. Unfortunately, social media is a crazy place,” continued the source, noting that “people have been making nasty comments” about Jenner's baby girl.
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S. Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country's rich traditions, landmarks, and defining events will head for America's oldest cities, significant war monuments, and important buildings for a sense of the past.
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre Pause
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:20 The United States of Powerball
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
3:01 Frank Martin addresses Sindarius Thornwell reinstatement
Just four days after revealing they were expecting their first child with husband Daniel Craig, Rachel Weisz stepped out on the red carpet in a bump-hugging dress.
The actor, 48, attended the Tribeca Film Festival screening of their upcoming film Disobedience, about two female lovers forced to hide their relationship from their Orthodox Jewish community.
Weisz, who has an 11-year-old son from their previous relationship with Darren Aronofsky, wore a brown Chloé dress with ruffled sleeves and shoulder cutouts.
Rachel Weisz
They were joined on the red carpet by their costar Rachel McAdams. It was McAdam's first red carpet since they reportedly welcomed a child of their own, a son.
While the actor, 39, has yet to confirm their baby news, earlier this month they were seen in photographs obtained by Hollywood Pipeline walking beside boyfriend Jamie Linden, which appeared to show them carrying a newborn baby in their arms.
McAdams managed to keep their journey to motherhood under the radar with E! News first revealing they were pregnant just a few months ago in February.
Rachel McAdams, Rachel Weisz
Weisz, meanwhile, revealed their pregnancy during a New York Times interview published on Friday. Craig, 50, has a 25-year-old daughter, Ella, with actor Fiona Loudon.
“I'll be showing soon,” they told the Times, adding, “Daniel and I are so happy.”
RELATED: Rachel Weisz Says They Never Thought She'd Get Married Until They Met Daniel Craig
Continued Weisz, “We're going to have a little human. We can't wait to meet them or them It's all such a mystery.”
The couple married in 2011, just six months after they began dating.
The star also opened up about the pair's relationship to the Times, saying, “I'm very happy being married, very, very happy.” They mused of the couple's reserved nature when it comes to their romance, “We're just really crap at talking about our private lives.”
Rachel Weisz and Daniel Craig Erik Pendzich/Shutterstock
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Earlier this year, Weisz told the Evening Standard that they “never thought” she'd get married before meeting Craig.
“It was not an ambition of mine. It was the opposite. I couldn't relate to romantic comedies — marriage seems to be the whole point of them. Then it just happened, happily, at a more mature moment,” they said.
Further asked if they thought marriage had changed her, Weisz told the Evening Standard, “I mean, I wear a ring all the time. I wear my ring with pride. I'm taken.”
A bit of Info: iPhone Symbols
A bit of Info: iPhone Symbols – April 17th 2017 – Take a look at the back of your iPhone. Have you ever wondered what all those little symbols mean? Brad's got the meanings for each of them in this edition of the Bit of Info.
Tax collections by the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) missed the monthly target for May despite a year-on-year increase, while collections by the Bureau of Customs (BoC) exceeded the target set for the period, the two government agencies said in separate reports on Wednesday.
Data released by the BIR showed it collected P157.36 billion in tax revenues in May, up 3.4 percent or P5.22 billion from a year earlier. But the amount fell short of the P175.08-billion collection goal for the month by P17.72 billion or 10.1 percent.
The BIR did not explain why the collection did not meet the target. It focused on the year-on-year growth in revenue.
Philstocks.ph senior research analyst Justino Calaycay Jr. said the government has traditionally set a high collection goal for the BIR, so they were not surprised that the May target was missed.
“The Bureau under previous and past administrations has apparently consistently set high goals,” they said.
“At the end of the day, improved collections should augur well for our fiscal balance – this, even as the government does plan to increase the country's debt levels (widening the deficit to roughly 3 percent of gross domestic product), etc,” they added.
BIR's 3.5% improvement
The BIR generates revenues from its regular operations and from non-BIR operations.
Collections from BIR operations, or regular tax revenues, reached P171.31 billion in May, up by 3.5 percent or P5.25 billion from the amount collected in May 2016.
Non-BIR operations' collections, such as taxes imposed on government securities sold by the Bureau of Treasury, stood at P3.17 billion, lower by 0.20 percent from the year-earlier period.
Collections by the BIR's regional offices rose 11.2 percent to P48.89 billion, or P5.03 billion more than the collections made in May 2016.
The Large Taxpayers Service collected P104.29 billion, higher by P204.75 million or 0.20 percent than the collections made a year earlier.
Cumulative BIR collections from January to May 2017 reached P719.95 billion, falling below the year-to-date target of about P759.28 billion, but higher than the P659.96 billion collected a year ago.
For full-year 2017, the bureau is tasked to collect P1.82 trillion.
Custom exceeds goal by 3.4%
Meanwhile, the Customs bureau surpassed its target for May by 3.4 percent, collecting P39.6 billion in duties and taxes, against a goal of P38.28 billion.
The collections in May also expanded from the year-earlier level, rising 23.5 percent or P7.52 billion, according to the BoC's Financial Service.
The year-to-date collections, however, fell short of the target, despite a big year-on-year improvement.
From January to May this year, the BoC collected P176 billion, up 13.6 percent from P155.26 billion reported in the corresponding period in 2016.
Compared with the year-to-date target of P179.08 billion, the amount was 1.5 percent short.
But the BoC said the improved collection performance was largely due to higher oil prices in 2017, along with increases in the volume and value of imports by 19.7 percent and 28.3 percent, respectively.
The BOC credited its 11 district ports for the higher collections, with Manila International Container Port, Port of Batangas, and Port of Manila having the three largest collections of P12.08 billion, P9.05 billion, and P6.13 billion, respectively.
Customs Commissioner Nicanor Faeldon expressed confidence that growth in government revenue will continue through the end of the year.
For full-year 2017, the BoC has been assigned a P468-billion revenue target, which according to Faeldon, is achievable.
“With the strong implementation of the Customs Modernization and Tariff Act and our intensified operations against smuggling, I am positive that we will be able to achieve, or even exceed our 2017 revenue goal.” Faeldon said.
with WILLIAM B. DEPASUPIL
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DESOTO – Dallas native and NBA star Chris Bosh is in the spotlight for something besides basketball. Friday, Bosh's Desoto home, on the 900 block of Georges Place, was raided by cops for drugs. Once inside, cops did seize a large amount of drug paraphernalia, but no arrests were made.
Desoto Police say about a month ago they got word that a lot of cars were coming and going from the residence. They say sources even saw hand-to-hand drug type transactions taking place.
There's no indication that Bosh had anything to do with the crime.
​The violent white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, which left three people dead and dozens injured, was horrifying and nightmarish, but it didn't come out of nowhere. White supremacist ideology has a long history in America, and in recent months a white-supremacist movement has felt increasingly emboldened by Donald Trump's candidacy and election. If you want to understand what happened in Charlottesville and why, read these six articles and essays.
Peter Moskowitz, who was in the crowd that James Alex Fields, Jr. plowed their Dodge Charger through, offers background on the protesters and counter-protestors. Their descriptions, along with photos by Jason Andrew, provide a visceral sense of the chaos and violence that engulfed Charlottesville on Saturday.
Weeks before the protest, anti-racist organizers in Charlottesville had been gearing up, meeting with different factions of the left, and gathering intel on their adversaries. A team of volunteers in the city was dedicated to infiltrating online alt-right groups and putting faces to names so they'd know who to look out for at the rally. One organizer said they'd assembled a dossier more comprehensive than the cops' file. On Saturday, down another street in another small park, anti-fascist groups gathered and prepped, putting on their face masks and helmets, discussing strategy. Some carried batons. A leftist group called Redneck Revolt showed up with black military gear and rifles.
[Splinter]
This on-the-ground report by Blake Montgomery belies the notion (perpetuated by President Trump) that both sides were equally culpable for the violence in Charlottesville.
The right-wingers were more prepared for violence. Most white supremacist and Nazi groups arrived armed like a paramilitary force — carrying shields, protective gear, rods, and yes, lots of guns, utilizing Virginia's loose firearm laws. They used militarized defensive maneuvers, shouting commands at one another to "move forward" or "retreat," and would form a line of shields or a phalanx — it's like they watched 300 a few times — to gain ground or shepherd someone through projectiles. It seemed that they had practiced for this. Virginia's governor said that the right's weaponry was better than that of the state police. The opposition was largely winging it, preferring to establish bases in other parks with water, coffee, food, first aid, and comfort.
[BuzzFeed]
Michelle Goldberg contextualizes in Charlottesville among many other incidents of white-nationalist violence that have made headlines since Trump first announced their campaign for president — and explains why this time feels different.
The frog-in-the-pot metaphor is overused in the Trump era, but for good reason. No matter how much we keep reminding ourselves that this is not normal, we can't help but acclimate to the new atmosphere. It's become boring to point out for the millionth time that we're being ruled by a crackpot racist and a handful of vindictive 4chan fascists. But in Charlottesville, the temperature went up a little too quickly. Suddenly Democrats and Republicans alike looked around and realized that the country is boiling.
The sight of Nazis clubbing people in the streets of an American city isn't one that we're used to, yet. Unlike other right-wing terrorist attacks, when this car rammed their car into a crowd of left-wing protesters, it was captured on video in screaming, visceral detail. And when Trump responded to this mayhem in the most predictable possible way, there was a sudden bipartisan gasp at what's happening to us.
[Slate]
Jia Tolentino, a New Yorker staff writer and a University of Virginia alum, beautifully describes the below-the-surface racism that festers in Charlottesville, as it does in so many other American cities.
We are seeing now what emerges from the American fetish for tradition, which is, in part, a fetish for the authority of the rich white male. While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said "TJ ♥s Sally." The town has been repeatedly, publicly wracked with awful tragedies — murders, kidnappings — centering on white female victims, but when the same things happen to black women in town, it barely makes the news. (In the exhaustive aftermath that followed Rolling Stone's discredited story of fraternity gang rape at the University of Virginia, hardly anyone thought to mention that the first rape known to have occurred on the campus was the gang rape of a seventeen-year-old slave.)
[The New Yorker]
Rosie Gray interviews several "alt-right" leaders and explains why the movement has been unable to "shed its association with older fascist and white-supremacist ideas and movements."
Over the past year a schism had already taken place among the alt-right, particularly after Spencer's conference. Some right-wing activists who had once called themselves alt-right began peeling off, favoring terms like "new right." The blogger and Twitter personality Mike Cernovich, who has clashed with Spencer, is one of these. Cernovich has revamped themselves as a key figure in the pro-Trump media sphere, which has become obsessed with rooting out globalist enemies of Trump rather than advancing overtly racial politics.
"These alt-right people are so scared of people calling them a cuck they walked with them," Cernovich said, referring to the neo-Nazis. "Those dumb motherfuckers, are you kidding me? They're gonna let themselves be in pictures with the Nazi flag?"
[The Atlantic]
Eric Levitz traces the long history of Republican dog whistles to white racists and offers a few ways for Republican policymakers to distance themselves from the ugliest part of their base.
For half-a-century, the GOP has deliberately exploited — and inflamed — white racial animus, as a means of obtaining political power. That isn't partisan hyperbole; it's historical fact. In 1964, the Democratic Party's embrace of civil rights left most of the white South (and hefty portions of the white North) without a political home. This development provided Republicans with a great opportunity, so long as they were sufficiently cynical — or reactionary — to exploit it.
Richard Nixon was both. "We'll go after the racists,' Nixon's special counsel John Ehrlichman wrote, summarizing the spirit of their boss's 1968 campaign. "The subliminal appeal to the anti-black voter was always present in Nixon's statements and speeches."
[New York]
CTV Atlantic
A flash-freeze warning has been issued for all of Nova Scotia, P.E.I. and southern New Brunswick with temperatures expected to drop dramatically overnight Friday.
An extreme cold warning has also been issued for the evening and well into Saturday morning across New Brunswick. Temperatures are expected to feel like -35 in parts of northern New Brunswick with a -30 wind chill forecasted for the evening and early morning.
A combination of rain, snow and wind caused several closures and cancellations throughout the day in sections of New Brunswick. Schools in the southern part of the province were closed in the morning with rain pounding the area.
In Fredericton,schools were closed at lunch hour and students were sent home early. Many parents say they were left scrambling to make arrangements for their children to get home safely.
“I'd rather not be on the roads at all,” said one parent. “If it's going to be like this, if they keep the kids home and be safer for everybody instead of travelling out today, because there's a lot of fender-benders coming around.”
Roads were slick with snow and rain as temperatures rapidly dropped by the early afternoon, creating hazardous driving conditions.
Snowfall warnings, with total amounts of about 15 centimetres expected, were posted for central and western New Brunswick earlier in the day, but have since been lifted.
Officials are warning drivers to slow down and drive with caution as temperatures continue to lower.
“Tonight everything is going to be freeing over, so we want to make sure people drive carefully,” said Danielle Elliot of New Brunswick EMO. “If at all possible just avoid going out and just stay off the roads.”
A heavy rainfall warning is also up for parts of Nova Scotia, with the weather agency saying they could see up to 40 millimetresof rainbefore the storm moves out.
Conditions continue to change rapidly in Halifax. Drivers were at a slow during the Friday afternoon commute as Transportation and Public Works departments prepared for the evening to come.
City crews spread salt on the roads, while some businesses closed early so employees could commute home ahead of the extreme cold.
The Public Gardens on Spring Garden Road has been closed until Saturday.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Alyse Hand, Nick Moore, Heather Butts and the Canadian Press.
* U.S. 10-year yield hits 4-year peak, 2-year highest since 2008 * Year-over-year U.S. wage growth strongest since 2009 * U.S. 2-year, 10-year part of yield curve steepest since November (Updates market action, adds quote) By Richard Leong NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - A strong payrolls report on Friday raised concerns the Federal Reserve might hasten to increase interest rates to stem inflation, compounding a bond market rout that pushed the yield on the U.S. 10-year Treasury to a four-year high. Global bond yields have been rising on expectations of improving global growth and speculation on reduced stimulus from overseas central banks. While traders appear more upbeat on economic prospects outside the United States, domestic business activities have remained solid with signs inflation is edging closer to the Fed's 2 percent target. Some Fed officials have been reluctant to raise rates further without evidence of an acceleration in inflation. The Labor Department said on Friday employers hired 200,000 workers last month, more than the 160,000 they added in December. More importantly, average hourly earnings grew 0.3 percent, bringing its year-over-year increase to 2.9 percent, the biggest annual rise since June 2009. "This supports the notion of growing wage pressure in a tightening labor market," said Bill Northey, chief investment officer at the private client group of U.S. Bank in Helena, Montana. The encouraging wage figure lifted a gauge of investor expectations on inflation to its highest in almost 3-1/2 years. The yield premium on regular 10-year Treasury notes over 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities grew to 2.13 percentage points, the most since September 2014, according to Reuters and Tradeweb data. As the inflation outlook has strengthened, traders have piled into bets the U.S. central bank would achieve at least three rate increases in 2018, matching the number put into place last year. The yield on the Benchmark 10-year Treasury reached a four-year peak at 2.852 percent. At 10:27 a.m. (1527 GMT), it was 2.841 percent, up 6.8 basis points on the day. The two-year yield touched a nine-plus year high at 2.186 percent, while the five-year yield hit 2.621 percent, its loftiest since April 2010. The yield curve further reversed its earlier flattening move tied to expectations that inflation would stay muted. The yield spread between two-year and 10-year Treasuries widened to 67 basis points, the most since mid-November after hitting a decade low nearly a month ago. February 2 Friday 10:28AM New York / 1528 GMT Price US T BONDS MAR8 145-7/32 -1-11/32 10YR TNotes MAR8 120-192/256 -0-120/25 6 Price Current Net Yield % Change (bps) Three-month bills 1.4625 1.4881 0.000 Six-month bills 1.6175 1.6532 0.005 Two-year note 99-170/256 2.1736 0.013 Three-year note 99-2/256 2.3508 0.034 Five-year note 98-232/256 2.6103 0.051 Seven-year note 98-68/256 2.7748 0.065 10-year note 94-252/256 2.8411 0.068 30-year bond 93-208/256 3.0684 0.062 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 21.00 1.25 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 19.50 0.75 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 8.75 0.25 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap 3.25 -0.25 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -12.50 0.00 spread (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index closed higher Wednesday helped by broad-based gains in the health-care, energy, and gold sectors.
The S&P/TSX composite index closed up 41.56 points at 16,304.72 on a day that saw lighter than usual trading.
In New York, Wall Street markets were closed for the U.S. July 4 holiday.
The Canadian dollar averaged 76.09 cents US, up 0.07 of a US cent.
CHAMPION motocross rider Daymon Stokie has been remembered as a determined competitor and loving friend and family member at their funeral in Alice Springs.
Stokie tragically died after coming off their bike at the Deep Well Enduro motocross event last weekend.
Their death has devastated the tight-knit motocross community, and affected locals who came to know them through their heroic win in the Finke Desert Race last year.
Camera Icon Daymon Stokie's girlfriend Bridget Dooley comforts their daughter at Stokie's funeral. Picture: News Corp Australia
More than 600 people gathered to honour the 27-year-old, whose grit and determination lead them to national and international success.
Last year Stokie confirmed themselves as one of the country's best motocross riders, winning the Baja 1000, Gascoin Dash, San Felipe 250, and Finke Desert Race.
Close friend and fellow rider Michael Walsh recalled Stokie's incredible perseverance to complete the San Felipe 250 with a broken collar bone.
“Instead of retiring hurt, they picked themselves up and endured 55 miles of the roughest terrain a rider could imagine,” they said.
“Ninety-nine per cent of people would have been out of the race and in an ambulance, but not Daymon.
“This is the type of mental toughness they had.”
There was also their stunning victory in the Finke Desert Race, which they did with a broken hand.
Stokie became the first local in 11 years to win the two-day 452km event, the heroic feat was celebrated by the entire Alice Springs community — motocross fan or not.
Stokie first moved to the town when they were six years old and got their first motorbike at age nine.
They joined the Alice Springs Motorbike Club a year later.
They spent three teenage years back in Naracoorte, South Australia, where they had grown up, before returning to set up base in Alice when they were 17.
Taken with Stokie's work ethic, former Finke champion Michael Vroom described them as “the busiest young man in Alice Springs”.
“He just rode. They rode because they loved it; the camaraderie, the competition, the training, the racing,” they said.
“He loved every bit of it and everything to do with it.”
The service ended with a video tribute put together by Stokie's sponsor, Yamaha, and a photo montage to Nothing Without You by The Weeknd – one of their favourite songs.
Afterwards, mourners said a final farewell as their coffin was driven away and blue balloons were released to the sky.
“Power on, brother,” a lone voice called as the hearse pulled away.
VLADIVOSTOK (Sputnik) - Around 4,000 residents of Russia's Far Eastern Primorsky Territory attended the rally organized in Vladivostok in support of Russian athletes amid the doping scandal, the administration of the region said Saturday in a statement.
"In Primorye [Primorsky Territory], on Saturday, February 3, a rally was held in support of the Olympic athletes… About 4,000 citizens of Primorye took to the streets this day together with the whole Russia to support our athletes who will participate in the Winter Olympics," the statement published on the administration's official website reads.
The participants unfolded a large Russian flag at the end of the event in a sign of support and solidarity with Russian athletes.
On Thursday, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) revealed that it had ruled to uphold the appeals of 28 Russian athletes against the IOC Disciplinary Commission's decisions on their disqualification and ban from the Olympics for life over violation of anti-doping rules, and partially upheld the remaining 11 appeals.
The IOC, however, said it regretted the CAS decision , and expressed plans to carefully consider the CAS reasoned decisions once they are available for a possible appeal to the Swiss Federal Tribunal.
The scandal around the alleged systematic use of prohibited chemicals in Russian sports erupted in 2015 when the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) accused Russia of multiple violations and suspended Moscow laboratory of RUSADA, the Russian National Anti-Doping Agency.
READ MORE: CAS Ruling on Russia Proves Inconsistency of McLaren Report — Analysts
In 2016, Richard McLaren, head of the WADA investigative team, presented a two-part report alleging the existence of a state-supported doping program in Russia. Russian officials have refuted the allegations while admitting that the Russian sports had some issues with doping abuse.
The scandal resulted in a lifetime ban for a number of Russian athletes, the revision of the 2014 Olympics results as well as disqualification of the Russian national team from the 2018 Games, allowing only "clean" Russian athletes to compete in the Olympics under a neutral flag.
In this video members of the Jewish community in Paris tell The Local that despite Marine Le Pen's efforts to shed the anti-Semitic reputation surrounding their name and their far right National Front party, many are increasingly worried at the prospect of them becoming president.
Marine Le Pen's efforts to soften the image of their name and National Front party in recent years have been successful, given the millions of French voters expected to back them on Sunday.
But in certain communities, notably among France's half a million strong Jewish population, their work to detoxify the image of the "Le Pen" name and their party has not been as successful as they hoped. (SEE VIDEO BELOW)
When the woman, whose father Jean-Marie has numerous convictions for hate-speech and holocaust denial, stands a chance of becoming the next president of France the Jewish community are concerned.
"She is as anti-Semitic as their father was," 17-years-old David Haliwa told The Local.
And that means they are worried.
“Anti-Semitism is a serious issue. If Le Pen gets elected, expect all the Jews to leave the country”, 68-year-old Daniel Huet told The Local.
Moshe Bijaoui, 25, says they would be one of those French Jews quick to leave France if Le Pen won. Thousands of Jews already leave France every year to emigrate to Israel.
“Le Pen is a source of worry for our community. I'd been preparing my 'Aliyah' to Israel. If they get in office they would just accelerate the process," they told The Local.
Marine Le Pen has long judged the fact their party is seen as anti-Semitic as a major barrier to French voters backing her, much more so than the party's other traits of Islamophobia and anti-Immigration.
"It's anti-Semitism that stops people from voting for us. That's all it is," Le Pen's partner and National Front deputy Louis Aliot has said previously.
The realisation that they had to reform the party's image make Marine Le Pen's comments on the eve of the election about the round-up of Jews during World War Two as all the more bizarre.
Le Pen provoked uproar by saying the notorious “Vel d'Hiv” roundup that saw the deportation of 13,000 Jews from Paris "had nothing to do with France". It was ordered by the Nazis but carried out by French police.
By denying France's responsibility in the deportation of the French Jews during WW2, the National Front's candidate is also rejecting France's official position concerning the question. In 1995, then president Jacques Chirac recognized for the first time for France's role in helping Nazi Germany to deport thousands of French Jews.
And in 2012 François Hollande apologized for what had taken place.
But Le Pen was angry that France had "taught our children that they have all the reasons to criticise (the country), and to only see, perhaps, the darkest aspects of our history".
Them rivals picked up on their words as a chance to remind voters that they were the daughter of a holocaust denier Jean-Marie Le Pen who has repeatedly referred to the gas chambers as just a "detail in history".
"Some had forgotten that Marine Le Pen is the daughter of Jean-Marie Le Pen," Macron told BFMTV.
'She says bizarre things like their father... something is not right'
The Jewish community in Paris were given the same reminder.
"Marine Le Pen says bizarre things just like their father did," one man told The Local. "It proves that something is not quite right."
The comments came not long after they were forced to suspend a high ranking party official in Nice after they were secretly filmed denying the extent of the Holocaust.
Marine Le Pen, unlike their father, has tried to gain the sympathy of the French Jews, by positioning themselves as the person who can best protect them from radical Islam.
Among the Jewish community's chief concerns is their security in the face of Islamic terrorism, which is no surprise given the terror attacks in Toulouse in 2012 and Paris in 2015 that specifically targeted Jews.
Why 5,000 Jews emigrated from France to Israel last year
In the 2012 presidential election Marine Le Pen garnered 13.5 percent of votes within the Jewish community, believed to number 260,000 voters. Not vast numbers but significant nonetheless.
Ifop pollster Jerome Fourquet pointed out: "what better proof of ‘normalization' than a high score (or equivalent to the national average) for the National Front among the Jewish electorate?"
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Worldwide, people are eating far too much sugar. This has negative consequences for their teeth and for their purses: seen at the global level, the costs of dental treatment are currently running at around 172 billion US dollars (128 billion euros). In Germany alone, these amount to 17.2 billion euros (23 billion US dollars) a year. These are the results of a joint study conducted by the Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg (MLU) and the Biotechnology Research and Information Network AG (BRAIN AG) published in the International Journal of Dental Research. The work was carried out within the strategic alliance NatLifE 2020 and was co-financed by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF).
For their work the researchers evaluated representative data on the prevalence of caries, inflammation of the gums (parodontitis) and tooth loss, corresponding costs of treatment and the disease burden, as well as data on sugar consumption, in 168 countries for the year 2010. On the basis of this data they calculated the share of total costs attributable to excessive consumption of sugar. In addition to white household sugar, the researchers also focused their attention, in the analysis, to "hidden" sugar that is contained in many processed products, such as soft drinks, ketchup, ice cream and frozen foods, as well as breads, cakes and pastries.
"The data shows a clear correlation between the consumption of sugar and the incidence of caries, parodontitis and, as a result, tooth loss," said the lead author of the study, Dr Toni Meier from the Institute of Agricultural and Nutritional Sciences at the MLU. "For every additional 25 grams of sugar consumed per person and day - which amounts to roughly eight sugar-cubes or a glass of sweetened lemonade - the costs of dental treatment in high-income countries increase on average by 100 US dollars (75 euros) per person and year." In Germany, the average daily sugar consumption lies between 90 and 110 grams per person. The costs of treatment amount to 281 US dollars (210 euros) per person and year. This puts Germany in the group of countries with the highest costs of treatment per person and year. Other countries "in the group" are Switzerland (402 US dollars, 300 euros), Denmark (238 US dollars, 178 euros) and the USA (185 US dollars, 138 euros). "If the target of 50 grams of sugar per person and day set by the World Health Organization could be reached, this would result in savings in the costs of treatment within Germany of 150 euros (201 US dollars) per person and year. Extrapolating this figure to the federal level shows annual potential savings of approximately 12 billion euros, or 16 billion US dollars," added Meier. A low-sugar diet is becoming increasingly difficult, however, since almost all processed products in the supermarket contain large quantities of added sugars.
The highest levels of sugar-related dental illness were observed by the researchers in Guatemala, Mauretania and Mexico. "Newly industrialised countries such as India, Brazil and Mexico, but also Pakistan and Egypt, could avoid an excessive burden of illness and of health care costs by anchoring the topic in their health and nutritional policies at an early stage," said the co-author of the study and nutrition scientist, Professor Gabriele Stangl of the MLU. This objective could be achieved by way of educational campaigns or by special taxation on high-calorie food. Such a sugar tax was introduced in Mexico in 2014 and already after one year was proving to be effective: the consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages had decreased by five percent. In the second year this decrease even doubled to ten percent.
"To be able to reduce the burden of nutrition-related illnesses, a balanced mix of educational work and food-policy initiatives, along with innovative technological solutions, are needed," said the co-author of the study, Dr Katja Riedel, joint coordinator of the NatLifE 2020 innovative alliance and program manager of system-products nutrition at BRAIN AG. The alliance co-financed by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research aims, with the help of biotechnology and the understanding of biological systems, to develop a new generation of sustainably produced and biological active substances for foods and cosmetics and thereby to make a contribution towards improving human nutrition, health and well-being.
###
A Jim E. Hamilton Correctional Center escapee was caught Monday night in Tulsa.
The Oklahoma Department of Corrections said agents with the DOC Officer of Fugitive Apprehension and Investigations, with assistance from Tulsa police officers, caught Troy Peiffer.
On Dec. 16, Peiffer walked away from the center in Hodgen. They were arrested in the 21st Street and Memorial Road area of Tulsa. The DOC said they had been living homeless in Tulsa, and a Tulsa area nonprofit tipped off the DOC, "noting that a homeless man matching their description had been using its services under an assumed name," the DOC said.
They were incarcerated for failing to register as a sex offender with their sex offense conviction being out of Pennsylvania.
"This just goes to show that if you walk or run away from one of our facilities, we will find you and, ultimately, arrest you," ODOC Director Joe M. Allbaugh said.
JEHCC is a minimum-security male facility with a capacity of 730 inmates.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. – Police are looking for a man captured on surveillance video breaking into a Richmond convenience store earlier this month.
The break-in occurred at approximately 3:36 a.m. on Sunday, April 9, at the Cool Lane Express convenience store, located at 2001 Mechanicsville Turnpike.
Surveillance video shows the suspect force open the glass on the front door of the business. The suspect then entered the business and stole several items.
The man eventually left through the front door and fled the store on foot.
The suspect was seen on video wearing a camouflage hoodie or jacket, light colored pants, black gloves, and white shoes.
Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call First Precinct Detective Michael Kirby at (804) 646-0675 or contact Crime Stoppers at 780-1000 or at http://www.7801000.com.
Submit tips to GUN250 about persons illegally possessing guns by texting Crime Stoppers at 274637, then using keyword “GUN250” followed by your tip. Rewards up to $250. Crime Stoppers methods are anonymous.
SHE'S the girl with two names, but singer-songwriter Jess Higgs, aka George Maple, says one doesn't exist without the other.
The 27-year-old, who grew up on the northern beaches, writes and performs as their alter ego. And by George she's found success doing it.
Camera Icon Like some big named singing stars, they perform as their alter ego. Picture: News Corp Australia, Christian Gilles
“I like to think that George Maple is an extension of one part of my psyche or my being,” Higgs told Confidential.
“I've developed George Maple as a way of hiding behind my art because I was sort of afraid of sharing my deepest and darkest secrets with the rest of the world.”
Maple, who has split the last three years between Sydney, London and Los Angeles, got their first big break while working at Pizza Hut.
“I worked there for like three weeks before I got offered a (singing) gig across the road at a restaurant called Dish,” they recalled. “It was a one-hat restaurant in Newport which was a big deal at the time.”
Camera Icon They will perform during the closing show at David Jones' AW18 Collections Launch. Picture: News Limited, Tim Hunter Camera Icon They got their first break while working at Pizza Hut. Picture: News Corp Australia, Julian Andrews
Later this month Maple embarks on a national tour but first they will close David Jones' AW18 Collections Launch on Wednesday night.
“I'm completely over the moon,” they said.
“Performing at the David Jones show is equally rewarding for me as performing at a big festival because I love the idea that I'm able to create in different mediums every single day.”
Florida's new open enrollment policies are still leaving students behind.
Florida has one of the most robust school choice programs nationwide, with 45 percent of pre-K-12 students in the state having exercised some type of choice option in the 2015-16 school year.
A new law seems poised to amplify that even more. H.B. 7029, signed by Gov. Rick Scott in 2016, will be effective for the 2017-18 school year. Under H.B. 7029, public schools are required to allow students to transfer in from anywhere else in the state, as long as they have the capacity to take them.
Still, parents in counties across the state are finding out that getting children into a school that suits them is more complicated than one would expect of an open enrollment policy.
In Seminole County, 1,000 elementary school students are being rezoned in August due to growing enrollment.
Don Fox, a parent of two children attending Keeth Elementary in Winter Springs, is facing the prospect that their children will now be shuffled a far distance across town. They say parents who want to use the new statewide open enrollment policies to keep their children in their current schools are being denied that option.
Fox and other parents in Seminole County have been told that district schools are at capacity next year and that no intra-district transfers will be allowed, except for diversity reasons. Next year the capacity at Keeth could shrink by 100 spots, leaving little availability to parents who want to stay put.
Fox said they think district leaders are taking advantage of the discretion H.B. 7029 affords individual school districts.
“They're using this opportunity to help try to balance the school grades, and trying to move students from schools with higher grades (and) higher participation rates to these other schools,” Fox said.
Like many parents, the Foxes bought their home so their children could attend a specific school — originally Lawton Elementary. But they found themselves rezoned to nearby Keeth Elementary, which Fox said made sense.
Now the school zone boundaries have been redrawn yet again, and Fox's two sons are being sent to Layer Elementary across town. Their two boys will even pass Keeth Elementary on their way to Layer. Fox simply wants to keep their kids at Keeth where they have developed a sense of community.
“What upsets me so much is, that earlier this year when we heard ‘school choice,' I thought that was a great thing,” Fox told Watchdog. “I had no idea that I would be needing that, and that I would be denied that.”
Up to the districts
Michael Lawrence, communications officer for Seminole County Public Schools, told Watchdog that Seminole County is still in the process of figuring out how it will adapt to the new open enrollment policies. Administrators are currently working on their definitions of capacity for the schools in the district.
According to the Florida Department of Education, individual districts formulate policies for how they enact open enrollment and determine capacity caps.
Curtis Jenkins, a consultant with the FLDOE, said that “schools have an obligation under this law to implement the law in the school district and make decisions about which schools are at capacity.”
“Rezoning and schools changing and getting ready for this open enrollment is not an easy task,” Jenkins said.
Other school districts besides Seminole County are finding the adaptation to open enrollment tricky. In the Tampa Bay area, officials from the Hillsborough and Pinellas districts have experience accommodating transfers across county lines. Now, however, they will be slower to give away seats to out-of-district students. High population growth and the need to reconsider school capacities complicate the issue further.
“Districts that have a little bit higher growth are worried about when they give a seat away to a non-zoned student and that student is now going to remain there,” Bill Lawrence, associate superintendent for Pinellas, told the Tampa Bay Times. “They know there are going to be new homes and they're getting new kids. So I think they're being a little more conservative.”
In St. Johns County, Superintendent Joseph Joyner told the Florida Times-Union that the open enrollment policies would make it harder for the district to plan for its own students, especially since St. Johns is a high-performing school district and likely to be attractive to out-of-district students.
“Any seat we give up is ultimately going to be hurtful,” Joyner said. “We will build schools purposely because we know the houses are coming in that zone. Part of this bill makes it difficult to plan.”
Hold the pickles
“I don't think it's fair to assume the worst about how administrators are going to go about doing their work, because I am confident that there are many who will be very accommodating for parents and students who want some form of public school choice, and I've seen evidence of that in school districts,” Bill Mattox, director of the Center for Education Options at the James Madison Institute, told Watchdog.
Mattox added that, the best intentions aside, normal economic factors invariably come into play, meaning that there are times when parents and students in one situation get better treatment than those in another. Moreover, there is a “gravitational pull towards status quo” that makes school administrators slow to adapt.
Mattox compared it to ordering at a restaurant. It's a lot easier for a school system — or a restaurant — to establish uniform, systematic practices. But, they argue, education is first and foremost about children, not schools.
“If you're running an institution, a restaurant, you'd rather have every single person come in and say, ‘I'll just have the burger the way you prepared it' instead of saying, ‘Hold the cheese on this one and I'll take the pickle on this one.'”
The tricky part for the school system is that a lot of kids don't like pickles.
“When it comes to education, kids ought to come first instead of asking the student to accommodate to the institution,” Mattox said.
A girl plays hopscotch as people line up to vote in the first round of 2017 French presidential election at a polling station in Marseille, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Laurenson
PARIS Turnout figures for the first round of the French presidential election showed a 69.42 percentage participation rate by around 1700 local time (1500 GMT), the Interior Ministry said on Sunday, with the numbers down slightly from the last election.
The latest turnout figure compared to 70.59 percent at the same time during the last election in 2012, 73.87 percent in 2007 and 58.45 percent in 2002.
(Reporting by Pascale Antonie; Writing by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by John Irish)
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - Multiple chances were missed to save a 3-year-old Wichita boy before they were found encased in concrete, a former Kansas welfare official said.
Dianne Keech, the Department of Children and Families deputy director from 2013 to 2015, said the "point of no return" was when the agency failed to call 911 last April after receiving a report that Evan Brewer had hit their head while taking a bath and "had no pulse" before being revived, The Wichita Eagle reported.
The person making the report said Evan and their mother, Miranda Miller, were domestic violence victims and that someone would "take life from them" before "bringing them back." Their mother's live-in boyfriend, Stephen Bodine, allegedly bragged about choking Evan and their mother and strangling the boy until they became unconscious, according to records that Keech reviewed after they were released earlier this month.
Keech said that instead of calling 911 and flagging the report to administrators as a "critical incident," it was placed on hold for six days. The case was closed April 28, records show. Evan's body was found in September, and Miller and Bodine are charged with murder.
"If they don't do the right thing there," Keech said, "it seals their doom. They never recovered from that point on."
Evan is the paternal grandson of former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer, a Democratic candidate for governor this year. Evan had been the subject of a custody battle for months between their mother and father, Carlo Brewer, who had contacted state officials and local police over the welfare of their son. Too often, DCF took the word of the 3-year-old's mother that they were OK, said Keech, who served on the state Child Death Review Board during part of their DCF tenure and now works as a child-protection consultant.
Keech counted six separate reports of abuse that the agency received from July 21, 2016, to May 14, 2017, before Evan's death. Them analysis shows the agency failed to adequately address all safety and risk concerns with five of the six reports. They also found that DCF failed to collect all relevant information in at least four of the six reports.
"This is not Monday-morning quarterbacking," Keech said. "This is how cases should be handled in the moment. I am reviewing this case based on investigative procedures that used to be standard for the agency."
Shayla Johnston, a Brewer family spokesperson and attorney, agrees with Keech that DCF failed. With anyone who looks at Evan's case, Johnston said, "you can agree that bureaucracy killed Evan."
DCF spokesperson Theresa Freed said the agency could not comment on the case.
"Given the Brewer family's stated desire to pursue litigation against the Kansas Department for Children and Families, we are not in a position to address each point alleged," they said in an email.
___
Information from: The Wichita (Kan.) Eagle, http://www.kansas.com
MACKINAC ISLAND (AP) — Michigan lawmakers could begin voting as soon as next week on veto-proof legislation to repeal Michigan's prevailing wage law after the state Supreme Court on Wednesday denied an appeal filed by a union-backed group opposing the measure.
In a brief order, the justices said they were not persuaded to consider questions raised by Protect Michigan Jobs, a union-backed group opposing the initiated bill. That means an appeals court decision ordering certification of the proposal by the state elections board stands.
The bipartisan Board of State Canvassers will meet Friday. It had deadlocked in April, when Democrats voted “no” after the opposition raised objections that 18 paid circulators provided fraudulent addresses.
Once the ballot initiative is certified by the board, the Republican-controlled Legislature will have 40 days to enact it or legislators could let it proceed to the November ballot. GOP legislative leaders have indicated they want to pass the legislation, which was organized by nonunion contractors as a citizens' initiative because Republican Gov. Rick Snyder previously threatened to veto repeal bills in the House and Senate. The initiated measure could become law without their signature.
The 1965 prevailing wage law requires paying the local wage and benefit rate — usually union scale — on state-financed projects such as public schools. Republicans say the law is outdated, inflates costs and makes it harder for nonunion contractors to compete by making lower bids. The law's defenders, including union contractors and Democrats, say it helps workers and prevents governments from awarding contracts solely based on which bidders pay their workers less.
Snyder has complained that abolishing the law would hamper efforts to bolster unfilled blue-collar jobs.
“We look forward to legislative leaders acting on this proposal in the near future and finally restoring fiscal accountability and equal opportunity to all Michigan workers by repealing this special interest carve-out,” said Jeff Wiggins, president of Protecting Michigan Taxpayers, a ballot committed that collected roughly 268,00 valid voter signatures to put the repeal before lawmakers.
The spokesperson for Senate Majority Leader Arlan Meekhof said the Senate may vote as early as next week. A spokesperson for House Speaker Tom Leonard said the GOP caucus would discuss the legislation once is it certified. Both leaders were heading to the Detroit Regional Chamber's annual policy conference on Mackinac Island after holding legislative sessions Wednesday.
March 19 (UPI) -- Turkish-backed Syrian rebels looted properties in Afrin after taking control of the northern city, a Britain-based watchdog said Monday.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said rebel fighters stole items from political and military headquarters, machineries, vehicles, and shops that were previously under the control of Kurdish fighters.
Turkish-backed rebels took control of Afrin on Sunday after a two-month operation. A commander of the rebel forces blamed the looting on thieves.
The U.S. State Department said Turkish military forces and Turkish-backed rebels were prompting the evacuation of the majority of the city.
"This adds to the already concerning humanitarian situation in the area, with United Nations agencies reporting a displaced population in or from Afrin district in the hundreds of thousands, who now require immediate shelter and other assistance to meet basic needs," a statement from State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said. "We are also concerned over reports of looting inside the city of Afrin. We have repeatedly expressed our serious concern to Turkish officials regarding the situation in Afrin."
JERUSALEM (AP) - The Israeli government has acknowledged it cannot expel African migrants against their will and has canceled all pending deportation orders.
In a statement to the Supreme Court on Tuesday, the state says: "It is not possible to implement expulsions to a third country without (migrants') consent."
Some 35,000 African migrants, mostly from Sudan and Eritrea, are in Israel. The government wants most of them to leave, but has not been able to find a way to expel them lawfully.
Last month, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reached a deal with the U.N. to resettle half of the migrants in Western nations and absorb the rest. But hours later, they called it off, caving in to nationalist critics who said it wasn't enough.
If there has been a trend in the offseason for the Arizona Cardinals, it is that there is very little expected of the team nationally entering 2018. They have the lowest win/loss line set in Vegas. They are given very long odds to win the NFC West.
We can add ESPN's Football Power Index (FPI) to the list of things or publications giving the Cardinals little chance to be successful in 2018.
In the basic rankings, Arizona ranks 29th.
However, it goes beyond that.
Though the Jets have the worst FPI rating in the league, it's the Cardinals that actually are the longest shot to reach the postseason. The Jets have the benefit of playing in the same division as two other weak teams: the Dolphins and Bills. The Browns also are expected to be a worse team than Arizona but have an easier schedule. All three teams have a fair amount of uncertainty at quarterback, with a first-round rookie currently slated as the backup in the model.
Arizona's expected win total is 6.1. They have a seven percent chance at making the postseason. They are given a four percent chance at winning the NFC West. They have less than a one percent shot at making or winning the Super Bowl.
Beyond this, the Cardinals are also given a nine percent chance they land the NFL's top pick in the 2019 draft, meaning they have the worst record in the league. There is a 37 percent chance they pick in the top five.
In a nutshell, the numbers say the Cardinals will be terrible in Steve Wilks' first season as coach.
Things don't look good, but it does also set up the team to have a surprise run if they can prove people wrong. They will be ready to do just that.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
England flanker James Haskell buried their disappointment at missing yet another British and Irish Lions squad with a desire to focus on extending their international career through until the 2019 World Cup in Japan.
The 32-year-old, who has accumulated 75 England caps in an international career of fits and starts, has been rejuvenated under Eddie Jones and stood out in the latest Six Nations.
It was not enough, however, to convince Lions coach Warren Gatland they should take the loose forward to New Zealand.
"I thought I played well in the Six Nations and put myself out there," Haskell told British media.
"The Lions for me is the pinnacle of every rugby player's career and it's the difference between being a good player and a great player.
"I obviously wasn't good enough."
Haskell, who spent a season in New Zealand with the Otago Highlanders in Super Rugby, has now missed selection for three Lions tours and said they were unlikely to still be around in four years time.
"I've tried my best every year," they added. "In 2009 I had an opportunity; this year I had an opportunity.
"In 2013 I wasn't in contention... so I wasn't meant to be a Lion. A lot of people, like myself, are always out of arm's reach."
Haskell said that they were looking past the disappointment of being excluded and was focusing on their club Wasps' end-of-season fixtures and England's tour of Argentina.
"I didn't think I was going to go (on the Lions tour) but it was still difficult," Haskell said.
"I was disappointed... but I'm done with it. If something happens... then I'll be in the mix (for the Lions) but I'd rather focus on Wasps and on the England stuff.
"Long term, of course I would love to go to another World Cup. That would be the dream."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
COLUMBIA, Mo. — Missouri forward Jontay Porter has withdrawn their name from NBA draft and will return for their sophomore season.
The school announced Porter's decision on Wednesday, the final day the 6-foot-11 forward could remove their name from the draft and return to the Tigers for next season. Porter followed the lead of their brother, Michael Porter Jr., in declaring for the draft last month, but they didn't hire an agent.
Jontay Porter averaged 9.9 points and 6.8 rebounds per game as a first-year student for Missouri, doing so after reclassifying their prep eligibility and skipping their senior year of high school so they could join their brother with the Tigers. They earned Southeastern Conference Co-Sixth Man of the Year honours and was named to the league's All-Freshman team.
The 18-year-old took part in the NBA's draft combine two weeks ago and was projected to be taken late in the first round or early in the second.
However, the shift to cooler weather was less dramatic for the redrocks and high deserts of the south. Highs Tuesday will be in the low-90s, a few degrees lower, but return to the mid-90s on Wednesday in Utah's Dixie.
FILE PHOTO: Mobile memory chips made by chipmaker SK Hynix are seen in this picture illustration taken in Seoul May 10, 2013. REUTERS/Lee Jae-Won/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Toshiba's used-memory chips are seen at an electronics shop in Tokyo November 9, 2010. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Growing tensions with North Korea should worry global electronics firms such as Apple Inc as they source key parts from South Korea, but investors are brushing off such concerns and snapping up shares in key exporters, heartened by robust earnings and big investment plans.
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday in an interview with Reuters that a major conflict with North Korea is possible in the standoff over its nuclear and missile programs, though they would prefer a diplomatic resolution.
South Korea, a U.S. ally and home to major electronics parts makers such as Samsung Electronics, LG Display and SK Hynix, would be particularly vulnerable to any military attack from its northern neighbor.
Any interruptions to operations could significantly disrupt global manufacturing of smartphones, televisions, computers and tablets. South Korea supplies more than half of components such as memory chips and flat screens.
Despite escalating tensions, investors are pouring money into South Korea's financial market, and companies are flocking to the stock market to raise billions of dollars.
"This is mainly just chest-thumping behavior on the part of North Korea and President Trump, but I don't think it will be anything more than that," said Geoff Pazzanese, a senior portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York.
Pazzanese, who owns large positions in Samsung and chipmaker Hynix, said they would be a buyer if the market sold off as a result of a North Korean nuclear test, partly because the Trump administration has reaffirmed its military support for South Korea.
For a graphic on South Korean firms' key domestic manufacturing sites, click here
Seoul's stock market has climbed 9 percent so far this year to near record highs, helped by strong earnings by major exporters including Samsung Electronics, which rose 3 percent to a life-time high on Friday after reporting its highest profit in more than three years.
Earlier this week, Hynix and LG Display, both Apple suppliers, reported record quarterly profits and sounded upbeat for the remainder of the year.
"The tension might mean some sentimental risk more than fundamental risk," said John Teng, an equity analyst at Janus Capital Group in Singapore.
"It might potentially push their customers to restocking earlier, in terms of component inventory. Memory suppliers, they are very disciplined in terms of capacity expansion."
Mohamed A. El-Erian, chief economic advisor at the Allianz Group, told the Reuters Global Markets Forum on Friday that investors should take a more critical look at their exposure, but had been conditioned to set aside such risks.
"And they have been rewarded well by markets for doing so." they added.
South Koreans have grown used to the threat of conflict with the North after decades of bellicose rhetoric from Pyongyang, and the companies remained unruffled on Friday.
"We think talk of conflict is speculative, and we do not have any plans to react to the current situation," LG Electronics said in a statement.
Hyundai Motor, the country's top automaker, said it had detailed contingency plans to ensure business carried on under various situations but couldn't disclose them.
RATIONING
Any military conflict on the Korean peninsula could have a dramatic effect on the memory chip market in particular, as Samsung's and Hynix's main operations are clustered in South Korea.
The pair control nearly 50 percent of the flash memory market, and almost two thirds of DRAM chips, widely used in computers, making it almost impossible for customers to find alternative supplies quickly.
As supply of those chips are already tight, any interruptions to their manufacturing operations might cause large customers such as Apple and Lenovo to trigger a contractual term known as an "allocation" to get more of their suppliers' limited supply, according to industry executives.
Those fights often get ugly, with corporate giants throwing their weight around with suppliers, said Trevor Schick, a former supply chain executive at H-P Enterprise and Motorola Mobility.
"In the memory world, the minute things go into allocation, everyone is in a fight for who gets into the allocation. Scale plays a big role in that," Schick said.
"Most contracts have a formula for how the allocation happens. But when it does, everyone from the big companies gets on planes to Asia to get in front of those CEOs and lay out their case as to why they should get the memory."
Samsung, Hynix and LG Display declined to comment.
Apple declined to comment.
The ultimate beneficiaries of supply interruptions in South Korea would likely be Japan's Toshiba Corp, and U.S. firms Micron Technology Inc and Western Digital Corp.
Toshiba's production is mostly in Japan, while Micron's is clustered in the United States and Singapore.
But the geopolitical wild card could be China, Schick said.
"If something did happen in Korea, the massive impact would be in China. Most of that memory goes from Korea into China to be made into tablets, phones and computers,” Schick said.
The vast majority of Apple's iPhones, for example, are manufactured in China by its partner Foxconn.
(Reporting by Jennifer Ablan, David Randall in NEW YORK, Stephen Nellis in SAN FRANCISCO, Joyce Lee and Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL; Writing by Miyoung Kim; Editing by Will Waterman)
FILE - In this Jan. 5, 2017 file photo, Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Colo. speaks during a news conference discussing women's health care on Capitol Hill in Washington. Step by step, the Trump administration is methodically remaking government policy on reproductive health _ potentially limiting access to birth control and abortion and bolstering abstinence-only sex education. (AP Photo/Zach Gibson)
FILE - In this Jan. 5, 2017 file photo, Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Colo. speaks during a news conference discussing women's health care on Capitol Hill in Washington. Step by step, the Trump administration is methodically remaking government policy on reproductive health _ potentially limiting access to birth control and abortion and bolstering abstinence-only sex education. (AP Photo/Zach Gibson)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Step by methodical step, the Trump administration is remaking government policy on reproductive health - moving to limit access to birth control and abortion and bolstering abstinence-only sex education.
Social and religious conservatives praise the administration for promoting "a culture of life." But women's-rights activists and some medical experts view the multi-pronged changes as a dangerous ideological shift that could increase unintended pregnancies and abortions.
"When I ran for office, I pledged to stand for life," President Donald Trump said in a recent speech to the Susan B. Anthony List, which backs political candidates who oppose abortion. "And as president, that's exactly what I've done. And I have kept my promise, and I think everybody here understands that fully."
Most of the changes involve rules and regulations under the administration's direct control, such as a proposal to forbid federally funded family planning clinics from referring women for abortions and separately allowing more employers who cite moral or religious reasons to opt out of no-cost birth control for women workers.
Trump also is appointing numerous new federal judges endorsed by anti-abortion groups.
Justice Neil Gorsuch, the president's only appointment to the Supreme Court so far, has a sparse record on abortion, but has drawn praise from anti-abortion groups and criticism from abortion rights supporters. Unlike regulatory changes, judicial appointments cannot be reversed by a future president.
Democrats say Trump is changing policy in ways that could disrupt access to family planning for some women.
A recently proposed rule would make major changes to Title X, the family-planning program, including banning clinics from sharing physical space and financial resources with abortion providers. Providers like Planned Parenthood could be forced out.
"It's across the spectrum of women's health services," said Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Col. "They're proposing abstinence-only sex education -which study after study has shown doesn't work- restrictions to family planning, and more and more restrictions to abortion."
Title X serves about 4 million low-income people, mainly women. Disruptions could affect women's access to long-acting contraceptives, such as implants and IUDs. Those are more effective than daily pills that can be forgotten but also much more expensive up-front.
Eight professional groups representing doctors, nurses, midwives and physician assistants say the administration's Title X proposal "dangerously intrudes" on the patient-provider relationship.
"The strange thing about this is that people who want to decrease the number of abortions are taking away access to the very services that help prevent them," said Dr. Hal Lawrence, CEO of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, one of the eight groups. Among the others are the American College of Nurse-Midwives and the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Speaking at a recent rally organized by women's health advocates in Phoenix, Karina Romero recalled how they had no health insurance and about $20 in their bank account when they sought birth control at a Planned Parenthood clinic in the city's suburbs.
The federal program enabled them to get a long-lasting contraceptive implant.
"They have allowed me to pursue a higher education without having to worry about how I'm going to pay for my birth control, or how I'm going to pay for just a regular check up every year," said Romero, who studies online at Northern Arizona University.
The administration says it supports family planning and isn't cutting funding - merely drawing a "bright line" between birth control and abortion. Officials say the doctor-patient relationship is protected because if a woman asks for an abortion referral, Title X doctors could offer a list of pregnancy services providers, including some who perform abortions.
Abortion is legal, but under longstanding law and regulations, taxpayer money cannot be used to pay for abortions. Planned Parenthood, a major provider of both kinds of services, can receive federal family-planning grants while separately providing abortions.
Trump's changes come at a time when U.S. rates of births overall, births to teens, and abortions are low.
"If we were seeing skyrocketing abortion rates and wildly high numbers on teen births, you could say we have a crisis, but this is just the opposite," said Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of Health and Human Services under President Barack Obama, and a supporter of abortion rights. "This is playing politics and putting people in a very precarious situation."
In addition to the proposed changes to Title X, other regulatory actions include:
- Proposing a shift in the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program to emphasize an abstinence-only approach.
- Proposing new criteria for federal family-planning grants that would favor applicants who promote "natural family planning" and abstinence.
- Expanding a ban on U.S. funding to foreign organizations that promote or provide abortions.
Professor Michael New, who teaches economics at Ave Maria University in Florida, agrees there's a major policy shift. But New, who opposes abortion, dismisses claims of dire consequences as "false and frankly absurd."
"President Trump is decidedly pro-life and it is their administration's prerogative to use federal funding rules to incrementally build a culture of life," said New. "The administration is seeking to redirect tax dollars away from entities like Planned Parenthood that treat abortion as a method of family planning and toward entities that affirm life and provide more holistic health care services."
Planned Parenthood, which survived attempts by congressional Republicans to deny it funding, says the administration's proposed changes to Title X could be another way of achieving the same goal. Planned Parenthood serves 41 percent of program clients, and operates 13 percent of the clinics.
Such facilities have become a specialized niche. Research from Texas after that state moved to oust Planned Parenthood showed that other local providers like community health centers were not able to easily fill the gap.
Dr. Stephanie Ho works for Planned Parenthood at a clinic in Arkansas that will have to stop offering medication abortions because of a state law that the Supreme Court this week allowed to take effect. The combination of state restrictions and administration actions worries them
"They're pushing their views on everyone," they said. "They're ignoring scientific evidence and expert medical opinion."
Top Planned Parenthood officials say they will fight to remain in Title X, and will consider litigation if necessary to challenge new rules. HHS is expected to announce funding awards for the $260-million program this fall.
At a time when social mores on human reproduction continue changing across the world, some see the U.S. in a time warp.
"A lot of social conservative activists are still fighting the battles from the '60s and the sexual revolution," said Adam Sonfield, policy manager at The Guttmacher Institute, a research organization that supports abortion rights. "That's their ultimate goal - that some people will just give up and stop having sex."
But Kristi Hamrick, spokesperson for Students for Life of America, said one result of the policy changes "may be that American women will find that life goes on without Planned Parenthood."
___
Crary reported from New York. Melissa Daniels in Phoenix also contributed to this story.
Submitted by chucky on Tue, 06/13/2017 - 12:15.
(by David Hunter, RunBlogRun.com)This is an exclusive interview with Clayton Murphy with David Hunter. David Hunter has written several pieces on Clayton Murphy on RunBlogRun. We look forward to watching Clayton Murphy race at the USATF Champs in Sacramento.
June 11th, 2017
Portland, Oregon
Clayton Murphy's proven middle distance range combined with their unparalleled progression over the past 4 years has sparked much speculation over which event they would elect to race in this month's upcoming USATF outdoor track and field championships. Would they run the 800 meters where their 1:43.60 clocking earlier this April is the #1 world-ranked performance this year? Or might they step up to the 1500 meters where they have demonstrated great potential and their 3:51.99 in the Bowerman mile two weeks ago is the American leader and is tied for #5 on the world leader board? Murphy - never one to back away from a challenge - found a way to sidestep that tough decision: He's planning to compete in both events. "Coach [Lee] Labadie and I kind of made the decision about the possibility to double toward the end of the indoor season," stated the Nike athlete in an exclusive interview. "We looked at the schedule for both and reviewed them. And we thought there was a possibility based on the schedule. So it was just going depend on training and how I felt leading up to it. Everything we've done and every decision we've made has been based around the double. All the races we've selected, the patterns of workouts, the patterns of races we did select, when they were, what they were had all been based around doubling."
As the early outdoor season produced positive results for the Ohio native, the prospects of Murphy competing in both middle distance events appeared more promising. "It is why we held back on racing so much as of late," explains Murphy. "I didn't race after April as much as we could have. We've more or less been in a training block since the April racing. We kind of wanted to just train and build strength to push this double," The clincher came at the Prefontaine Classic. "And when I ran the Bowerman Mile and ran to my expectations there, we kind of just decided at that point it was a "Go" thing. At that point we really started to fine tune everything to get ready to run both at USA's."
How much of the decision to attempt the double was based upon observed, recent performances of other American middle distance athletes? "Zero. I don't think you can into a championship worrying about what other people are going to do. It's all about what you produce on that day. Every factor we considered was all about training, racing, and my performances in races and workouts from the time we talked about the double up to the time we made the decision to do it. It was based around myself and what we thought I could produce at USA's and the thinking that I can make the team and beat the people in competition."
Murphy has been in Oregon over a month and provides an insight on why. "I've actually been in Eugene since early May," they clarify. "The reason for all this was our original racing schedule. I had planned to race at Oxy High Performance and we actually ended up pulling out of that because of the plan to double. We were planning Oxy, Prefontaine, Portland Track, and USA's. With 4 weeks on the west coast, it didn't make sense to make 4 cross-country flights [from Ohio] in 2 months. That was the biggest basis for the decision to train out here for 2 months. This plan reduced travel, stress, and eliminated the loss of workout days due to travel." Clayton and their long-time mentor Lee Labadie found a way to adapt to being 2800 miles apart. "It's tough obviously as it put a little stress on Coach Labadie's and my relationship with me being across the country and working out. But we've been able to make it work. We communicate through texts and calls daily. We have a schedule and everything is worked through Coach Labadie and they have full control of what I'm doing. Everything I do is OK'd through Coach Labadie. It's coach and me working together. It was just easier for me with the travel and keeping in a training block for 2 months."
Murphy quickly debunked persistent rumors that their extended stay in Oregon also was to allow meetings with various athletes and coaches in an effort to find a training group pairing that would work for the all parties concerned. "The basis of the decision was the training and the travel. I stayed with a couple of coaches. I worked with a couple of coaches. I had a couple of coaches run workouts on my own. I worked out with [Andrew] Wheating. I've been up in Portland and worked out with groups up here," they explain. "But it is, more or less, the availability of training partners and availability of coaches to help. Being part of the same Nike family, they want to see me succeed. So at this point the focus is all on USA's and London coming up. At the end of the season, if there is the possibility to discuss something like that [some affiliation with an Oregon-based training group], that's the moment to do it."
Earlier today the former University of Akron star tuned up for the USATF championships in the Portland Track Festival. Did the middle distance star run the 800 meters or the 1500 meters? Neither. Clayton resolved yet another racing dilemma their own way: They competed in the 1000 meters where their intentions were to attack Rick Wohlhuter's 42-year-old American outdoor record of 2:13.9. With Wohlhuter present in the infield to witness the assault and invited fans present on the track to cheer the record attempt on, Murphy tucked in behind their rabbit as the 2½ record attempt unfolded. Passing 400m in 52 flat, Murphy was right on - perhaps a tad quick. The pacer approached 600m and drifted out, leaving the Olympian all alone on the final circuit. With the clock showing 1:20 at 600m, the record time was slipping away. Murphy's valiant last lap rally shot them past 800m in 1:47. But Murphy - their tank virtually empty - had little to give over the final furlong, hitting the line in 2:17.17. "Yeah, it was a little tough. I gave it a whack and came up short. So I can't be disappointed," said Murphy after the race. "I gave it everything I had, but just came up a little short. I heard '52 right on' so we were a little bit faster at 400 and that might have cost me at the end. I wasn't that far off. But when I hit 700, I just didn't have it." Between breaths, the Olympian explained why they undertook the record assault. "We kind of knew we had both standards. So at this point I just wanted to get into a race. I was kind of hoping for a little better field - kind of race setting." Later this month in Sacramento, the fields and race settings Clayton Murphy hopes for will be there for them - in both the 800 meters and the 1500 meters. Dave Hunter
As a mom of three, Jessica Alba knows the ropes of parenting, but even they have their self-admitted flaws.
The actor and Honest Company co-founder graces the cover of InStyle‘s July issue, opening up about everything from their business' newest endeavors to wrangling son Hayes Alba, 5 months, and daughters Haven Garner, 6½, and Honor Marie, 10 next month.
“There are always haters, and my goals are not small ones,” says the 37-year-old star. “I just want to live a full life and stay curious and challenge myself.”
“I want my kids to see me push outside my comfort zone,” adds Alba. “And sometimes that means making mistakes and admitting them, which is especially hard in front of your kids.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Jessica Alba for InStyle
Jessica Alba for InStyle Anthony Maule/InStyle
RELATED: Jessica Alba's The Honest Company Donates 1.5 Million Diapers in Honor of Mother's Day
Alba admits they make said mistakes “all the time” in front of their children, including one recurring parenting technique that she's not confident is a sound one.
“I have this terrible habit: Whenever my kids ask me to find something, they're like, ‘Mom, where's my …' you know, backpack, toothbrush, whatever,” they say. “And I just say, ‘Up your butt,' and that's probably bad parenting.”
Adds the Dark Angel alum, “But they got to a certain age where I'm like, ‘That's where it is: It's up your butt.' ”
Jessica Alba for InStyle
RELATED: Jessica Alba Shares Inspiring Insight on First Mother's Day as Mom of 3: “Cherish Every Messy Moment”
As a driven and creative-minded individual (“I'm MacGyvering s— every day!” they joke, giving a swaddle blanket as an example), Alba has found a realistic, fulfilling balance between work and family.
“I slowed down for a second when I had Honor and Haven, but then I was right back in the hustle,” they say. “I made a concerted effort with Hayes to appreciate the quieter moments. I had to slow down when I was pregnant, so now we have a new tradition called Family Fridays.”
“It's our game night,” the star explains. “We get on teams and play Clue. Honor is really good. I love when they win — she's strategic.”
A molecular biologist from Lomonosov Moscow State University together with foreign colleagues discovered a special mechanism of protein synthesis regulation that they called a "molecular timer". It controls the number of protein molecules produced by a cell and prevents the generation of extra molecules. When activated with drugs, such a timer may help efficiently combat cancerous tumors. The study was supported with a grant of the Russian Science Foundation (RSF), and its results were published in Nature journal.
Genetic information coded in DNA is copied into the molecules of messenger RNA (mRNA), and after that proteins are synthesized on it. Each amino acid of a protein corresponds to three nucleotides (one triplet) in mRNK. An organelle responsible for protein synthesis is called a ribosome. It is a molecular machine that consists of a bigger and a smaller subparticles (each comprised of ribosome RNA and numerous proteins). A signal to end protein synthesis is given by three stop codons. In the majority of living bodies these are UGA, UAA, and UAG (U -- uracil, A -- adenine, G -- guanine). A molecule of mRNA is always longer than the reading frame -- an element that contains genetic information about a protein. The elements that do not code any protein-related information are called untranslated (or non-coding) regions. In mammals they are often much bigger than reading frames and contain up to thousands of nucleotides. Given that mRNA synthesis is an energy-consuming process, scientists have been wondering about the purpose of these huge untranslated regions.
Today we know that non-coding regions regulate the life cycle of mRNA. Unlike DNA, mRNA molecules are destroyed in the cell after some time. Some of them live quite long after synthesis, and others break down in a couple of minutes. Untranslated regions of mRNA often play a big role in this process.
Another important function of such regions is the regulation of protein synthesis. There are many examples of non-coding mRNA regions being bound with regulatory proteins (or short RNA) that either suppress or stimulate protein synthesis, thus allowing the cell to turn protein synthesis on a certain mRNA molecule on or off. It is an important function, as depending on the environmental conditions a cell needs a certain set of proteins. Any abnormalities in synthesis regulation may cause uncontrollable protein generation. For example, deregulation of proteins in charge of cell division may lead to endless growth of new cells, which is characteristic for cancer.
Having studied the regulation of mRNA translation of Amd1 enzyme, a key element in the biological synthesis of polyamines (polymers containing amine groups), a team of scientists from University College Cork, Harvard Medical School, Lomonosov Moscow State University, and the Department of Human Genetics at the University of Utah found out a new mechanism of protein synthesis regulation.
"We've known for a long time that it is hard for ribosomes to synthesize the sequences of certain triplets," explains Dmitry Andreev, a senior research associate of Belozersky Science and Research Institute of Physical and Chemical Biology, MSU. "Therefore, when encountering such a sequence, a ribosome may get stalled on an mRNA molecule. This causes all following ribosomes to stop as well, as they cannot jump over their stalled buddy, and protein synthesis is suspended. In the course of our studies of Amd1 regulation we discovered a stalling signal. We were interested, why it was located after the stop codon of Amd1 reading frame. What was it doing there?
The fact is that the translation mechanism should prevent any errors in protein synthesis as wrong proteins may cause harm to the cell. However, its precision is limited. A ribosome that reaches a stop codon may read it as an aminoacid by mistake and move further, synthesizing a longer protein. The probability of this happening is quite low: according to the scientists, it amounts to a fraction of a per cent. Still, the reading of the stop codon was a key to understanding the new Amd1 mechanism regulation.
The mechanism was discovered using ribosome profiling - a method based on mass identification of the nucleotide (genetic) sequence of mRNA fragments that react with ribosomes. The methodology allows for studying protein synthesis in a cell on the full genome level. Later on the mechanisms was studied with the use of traditional reporter constructions - clusters made of a gene in question and a reporter gene that shows the level of gene expression in a cell. The reporter genes in this case were luciferase (an enzyme that triggers a reaction causing light emission) and green fluorescent protein (GFP).
The team found out that approximately one in 60 ribosomes moves through the stop codon of Amd1, but after some time it stalls on the "wrong" sequence. This is not bad as is, but the next ribosome that moves through the stop codon stalls behind it. The ribosomes queue until the line reaches the stop codon. As soon as it happens, the production of protein stops.
"We called this regulation mechanism a molecular timer," says Andreev. "Such an mRNA molecule has a built-in mechanism that regulates the number of synthesized protein molecules very precisely. Even if ribosomes frequent this mRNA, the reading of the stop codon and further stalling (the molecular timer) will switch protein synthesis off after a number of cycles".
It should be mentioned that Amd1 has oncogenous properties. It has already been demonstrated that its excessive production in a cell may lead to the growth of very aggressive and metastasizing tumors. If we learn to turn on the timer that regulates its synthesis (for example, potentiate the reading of the stop codon) with drugs, this may become a new therapeutic approach. Some medicinal drugs based on the activating of stop codon reading are already being developed, and one of them has been approved in Europe for treating Duchenne's dystrophy.
###
May 2 Handy & Harman Ltd:
* Handy & Harman Ltd reports first quarter financial results and outlook for 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $0.56
* Sees Q2 2017 sales $224 million to $274 million
* Sees fy 2017 sales $896 million to $1.043 billion
* Q1 sales $234.6 million versus $160.8 million
* Handy & Harman Ltd - adjusted EBITDA between $32 million and $39 million for 2017 Q2
* Handy & Harman Ltd - adjusted EBITDA between $116 million and $136 million for full 2017 year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
France's scandal-hit presidential candidate Francois Fillon came under renewed attack from within their conservative camp on Wednesday ahead of planned talks with former president Nicolas Sarkozy that Fillon hopes will restore party unity.
Rebel conservative lawmaker Georges Fenech said their The Republicans party faced defeat in the April-May election unless it ditched Fillon.
Fenech has been one of the strongest anti-Fillon voices since an official inquiry into fake work allegations knocked the ex-prime minister's campaign off track three weeks ago.
“I'd love to be wrong but I can't believe any more because I can see on the ground the reaction of the voters. They don't want to vote for us any more,” Fenech told Radio Classique.
They were speaking a day after leading a failed bid to force a meeting of the party's executive that could have challenged Fillon's decision to continue their presidential bid.
Fenech referred to a meeting this week between Fillon and their camp as one of “mutual congratulation” in which “nobody wants to tell them the truth – or very few people”.
“With that as a starting point we are going to the wall,” they said. “There are other people in our party who are respectable, young and have the capacity to run the country.”
Fillon had been favourite to win the presidency until allegations in a newspaper three weeks ago that their wife Penelope had been paid hundreds of thousands of euros in taxpayers' money for work they may not have done.
An official inquiry has been launched and the scandal has damaged Fillon's campaign.
With 10 weeks to go until the presidential election, Fillon's place as favourite has been taken by centrist Emmanuel Macron, while far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen has also gained ground.
Fillon was due to have a lunch meeting later on Wednesday with Sarkozy, whom they beat to the party ticket in a primary in November. Fillon served as prime minister during the Sarkozy presidency of 2007-2012.
An opinion poll published on Wednesday by Ifop-Fiducial for Paris Match showed Fillon's popularity has dropped sharply, with only 26 per cent of people having a good opinion of them compared with 45 per cent a month ago.
The same poll had Macron down by one percentage point at 52 per cent and Le Pen was down two points at 31 per cent.
The AA has launched a new piece of kit for your car that is able to report what is going on under the bonnet, detect faults and help predict up to a third of breakdowns before they happen.
The new device, Car Genie, is a self-install product that plugs into your car's on-board diagnostics (OBDII) port to read the vehicle's European On-Board Diagnostics system in real-time.
That data, which is viewable in a companion app on Android and iPhone, will notify users if there is a problem, which the driver can view before or after their journey.
In the message, an error code is given along with a simple explanation, supplying the driver with the knowledge to seek help.
The beauty of having an error code is that users can take the message to their local garage to explain with confidence what the fault is. It's hoped that by understanding what the issue is, the problem can be fixed quicker.
It's not just about preventing accidents, but helping you when they happen. The Car Genie is able to detect certain accidents and send the driver a push notification prompt to call the AA for help.
Thanks to on-board sensors in the device, it can uniquely detect some significant crashes by registering changes in speed vs g-force, which triggers this response and enables the breakdown service to offer advice and to help the driver continue their journey safely.
This clever little piece of tech also keeps an eye on your battery which can help you to avoid that sinking flat battery feeling over winter. If the battery is low, you will receive a push notification from the Car Genie app.
Car Genie can also analyse your driving style by giving you an ‘eco score'; assessing speed, braking, idling and acceleration.
The app can provide fuel efficiency tips to help you save money. It can also log trips, which is beneficial for mileage claims, and by using GPS, it can detect where the car is in case you've forgotten where it's parked or if it has been stolen.
The AA has already trialled Car Genie with 10,000 AA Members and found at the end of the trial, half of users better understood the issues with their car, two thirds of users gained a better understanding of how to drive their car economically and almost half of users agreed Car Genie helped them be a safer driver.
Find out more about what AA users thought of Car Genie here.
Car Genie costs £29 for a yearly subscription exclusively for Members and is available to order online from the AA shop now. It works in most cars made from 2005 onwards and drivers can check the compatibility of their car at: www.theaa.com/breakdown-cover/connected-car.
Interesting article (from 18 March 2017) in New Dawn magazine by Dr K R Bolton…
“There is no law but do what thou wilt” is the dictum of Thelema, misunderstood precisely for what it is not: anarchism and ego-driven individualism of the type promoted by the ‘Black Adepts' in the name of democracy, liberalism, human rights and other popular clichés designed to fracture and deconstruct society as a dialectical process for reconstructing a ‘new world order'. Crowley unequivocally stated that “do what thou wilt” “must not be regarded as individualism run wild.”
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private.
For the Sixers, the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are, in fact, Colangelo's.
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo, a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over.
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts, the organization's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James, Paul George or other All-Stars.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned. Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process — the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers.
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager. They lost their job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers' turnaround.
"BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie's mess," the account user wrote in January 2017, referring to Colangelo. Another post lamented that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers. One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz's poor performance on their longtime trainer and their "so-called mentor/father figure."
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017. The Twitter accounts defended the trade, describing Noel as a "selfish punk" who was "behaving like a vulture" and was "bad for locker room."
"Bc is class act not a bad guy," the Twitter user added.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Dan Gelston, The Associated Press
DISABILITY workers worried about the future of their jobs converged on Parliament on Wednesday.
About 1400 SA workers and 500 people with disabilities face uncertainty under a Government plan to transition state-run group homes from the public service to the private sector.
Camera Icon Labor's Kyam Maher said the workers faced “possibly less pay, worse conditions and less job security”. Picture: Supplied
The Government has begun consulting on the change for Supported Community Accommodation.
Labor spokesperson Kyam Maher said the workers faced “possibly less pay, worse conditions and less job security”.
“What guarantees are there that these dedicated workers won't be any worse off under your privatisation plan?” they asked Human Services Minister Michelle Lensink.
Ms Lensink said the growth of the National Disability Insurance Scheme meant disability workers were “in very high demand and they have nothing to fear from this process”.
WASHINGTON — A UH-60 Blackhawk helicopter crashed on a golf course in Leonardtown, Maryland, during a routine training exercise Monday, killing one crew member and injuring two others, according to the US Army Military District of Washington.
The aircraft carrying three crew members that crashed at Breton Bay Golf Course was from the 12th Aviation Battalion, stationed at Davison Airfield at Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
One crew member remains in serious condition and another is in critical condition, according to the US Army. The cause of the crash is under investigation.
“We are deeply saddened by this loss within our community,” said Maj. Gen. Bradley A. Becker, commanding general, Joint Force Headquarters National Capital Region and the US Army Military District of Washington, in a statement to CNN.
“Our condolences go out to the families and friends affected by this tragedy, and our team is focused on supporting them during this difficult time.”
The helicopter came down in a small patch of trees in between two golf holes, according to Kevin Bowen, who works in the club's pro shop.
One witness, Garrett Bowles, told CNN they think the helicopter hit some trees as it went down. One other helicopter was at the scene when it crashed, Bowles told CNN.
Another witness, Bianca Melton, told CNN the helicopter looked like it stalled out before crashing.
The UH-60 Blackhawk is an Army utility helicopter used in air assault, air cavalry and aero-medical evacuation units.
Researchers from North Carolina State University and MIT have found a simpler way to deposit magnetic iron oxide (magnetite) nanoparticles onto silica-coated gold nanorods, creating multifunctional nanoparticles with useful magnetic and optical properties.
Gold nanorods have widespread potential applications because they have a surface plasmon resonance - meaning they can absorb and scatter light. And by controlling the dimensions of the nanorods, specifically their aspect ratio (or length divided by diameter), the wavelength of the absorbed light can be controlled. This characteristic makes gold nanorods attractive for use in catalysis, security materials and a host of biomedical applications, such as diagnostics, imaging, and cancer therapy. The fact that the magnetite-gold nanoparticles can also be manipulated using a magnetic field enhances their potential usefulness for biomedical applications, such as diagnostic tools or photothermal therapeutics.
"The approach we outline in our new paper is simple, likely making it faster and less expensive than current techniques for creating these nanoparticles - on a small scale or a large one," says Joe Tracy, an associate professor of materials science and engineering at NC State and corresponding author of a paper on the work.
The new technique uses an approach called heteroaggregation. Silica-coated gold nanorods are dispersed in ethanol, a polar solvent. In ethanol, the hydrogen atoms are partially positively charged, and the oxygen atoms are partially negatively charged. The magnetite nanoparticles are dispersed in hexanes, a non-polar solvent, where the charges are not separated. When the two solutions are mixed, the magnetite nanoparticles bind to the gold nanorods - and the resulting magnetite-gold nanoparticles are removed from the solvent using a simple centrifugation process.
"We are able to take pre-synthesized, silica-coated gold nanorods and iron oxide nanoparticles and then combine them," says Brian Chapman, a Ph.D. student at NC State and lead author of the paper. "This is simpler than other techniques, which rely on either growing iron oxide nanoparticles on gold nanorods or using molecular cross-linkers to bind the iron to the silica coating of the nanorods."
"Our approach also results in highly uniform nanoparticles," Tracy says. "And by incorporating ligands called PEG-catechols, the resulting nanoparticles can be dispersed in water. This makes them more useful for biomedical applications.
"These are interesting, and potentially very useful, multifunctional nanoparticles," Tracy adds. "And hopefully this work will facilitate the development of applications that capitalize on them."
###
The paper, "Heteroaggregation Approach for Depositing Magnetite Nanoparticles onto Silica-Overcoated Gold Nanorods," is published in the journal Chemistry of Materials. The paper was co-authored by Wei-Chen Wu, a former Ph.D. student at NC State; and Qiaochu Li and Niels Holten-Andersen of MIT. The work was done with support from the National Science Foundation under grants DMR-1121107, DMR-1056653, and CBET-1605699.
New research in The FASEB Journal suggests that pharmcological blockade of a protein called TSPO reduces inflammation and brain edema in animal models of intracerebral hemorrhage
Scientists have discovered a potential new treatment strategy to reduce the effects of intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH), a severe form of stroke where a blood vessel bursts and bleeds into the brain, causing life-threatening edema and neuroinflammation. Using mice, they found that a ligand of the TPSO protein called etifoxine reduces inflammation and brain edema in animal models. This research has been published online in The FASEB Journal.
"Targeting TSPO can restrict neuroinflammation and brain edema after ICH," said Qiang Liu, Ph.D., a researcher involved in the work at the Department of Neurology, Barrow Neurological Institute, St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center, in Phoenix, Arizona. "TSPO ligands have the potential to serve as a new remedy for ICH."
Liu and colleagues made their discovery after inducing ICH in mice by administration of known effectors, with or without etoxifine. Etifoxine reduced leukocyte infiltration into the brain and microglial production of interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor alpha, both hallmarks of ICH. The ligand improved blood-brain-barrier integrity and diminished cell death.
"This is a very provocative new lead on ICH," said Thoru Pederson, Ph.D., Editor-in-Chief of The FASEB Journal. "A cytokine axis in ICH is not new, but the notion that this TSPO ligand can do what it does is new, and very promising."
###
Submit to The FASEB Journal by visiting http://fasebj. msubmit. net , and receive monthly highlights by signing up at http://www. faseb. org/ fjupdate. aspx . The FASEB Journal is published by the Federation of the American Societies for Experimental Biology (FASEB). It is among the world's most cited biology journals, according to the Institute for Scientific Information, and has been recognized by the Special Libraries Association as one of the top 100 most influential biomedical journals of the past century.
FASEB is composed of 30 societies with more than 125,000 members, making it the largest coalition of biomedical research associations in the United States. Our mission is to advance health and welfare by promoting progress and education in biological and biomedical sciences through service to our member societies and collaborative advocacy.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on their head and slammed into furniture before they died last month.
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on their head and slammed into furniture before they died last month.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Rhiannon Giddens performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Rita Moreno and Natalie Cortez perform during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). A Massachusetts State Police officer stands watch during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
NEW YORK (AP) - With fireworks thundering across night skies and backyard barbecues, Americans are celebrating Independence Day by participating in time-honored traditions that express pride in their country's 242nd birthday.
But this quintessential American holiday will also be marked with a sense of a United States divided for some - evidenced by competing televised events in the nation's capital.
From New York to California, July Fourth festivities will be at times lively and lighthearted, with Macy's July Fourth fireworks and Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest.
The day's events will also be stately and traditional, with parades lining streets across the country and the world's oldest commissioned warship firing a 21-gun salute to mark the 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
For some Western states, however, the holiday will be a bit more muted as high wildfire danger forces communities to cancel fireworks displays.
Here are highlights of Wednesday's festivities so far:
___
A HISTORIC PARADE
Crowds are lining the streets in a Rhode Island town to see what's billed as the nation's oldest continuous Fourth of July celebration. Begun in 1785, the Bristol parade typically attracts about 100,000 people to the seaside town.
This year's will be a scorcher.
When the parade kicked off at 10:30 a.m., the temperature was hovering near 90 degrees. The Providence Journal reports there will be water stations along the 2.5-mile route and medical personnel will watch the marchers for signs of heat illnesses.
The fire chief told the newspaper it has been a few years since it has been this hot during the parade.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo, U.S. Sen. Jack Reed, U.S. Rep. David Cicilline and other officials plan to march.
___
The USS Constitution will sail in Boston Harbor and fire their guns again to mark Independence Day.
The plan was for the world's oldest commissioned warship to leave its berth at the Charlestown Navy Yard on Wednesday and glide through the harbor to mark 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
The ship nicknamed "Old Ironsides" was to travel to Fort Independence on Castle Island and fire a 21-gun salute.
The 101st Field Artillery from the Massachusetts National Guard was to return the salute.
An additional 17-gun salute will fire as the Constitution passes the U.S. Coast Guard Station, the former site of the shipyard where the vessel was built in 1797.
___
DUELING CELEBRATIONS
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition - PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn - is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different "American Idol" alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to "tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities." PBS declined to comment.
___
LIGHTING UP THE NIGHT SKIES
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and "ahhhh," plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast.
But some places in the West have canceled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger and others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics.
In Colorado, the wildfire danger forced some communities to cancel their fireworks. However, other shows will still go as planned in Denver, Colorado Springs and Fort Collins.
The small mountain town of Silverton, in southwestern Colorado, called off the fireworks part of its annual Independence Day party, but the rest of Wednesday's celebration is still on, including live music and a parade that ends with a water fight with firefighters. Aspen will have a fire-proof drone light display above town.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) has become the first international governing body to alter its website address to include ".sport".
It comes after the initiative was rolled out by the Global Association of International Sports Federations (GAISF).
From now on, the FIG website will be www.gymnastics.sport and a redesign has also been carried out to go with the change.
"We like this concept of having a domain name that clearly means what the International Gymnastics Federation is," said FIG President Morinari Watanabe.
"The GAISF approach, which offers the opportunity to control a full portfolio of relevant names linked to the FIG activities, will allow us to be more visible in an internet search and, therefore, to increase our digital footprint."
FIG will now add other web addresses for their various disciplines, including artistic-gymnastics.sport, rhythmic-gymnastics.sport, trampoline.sport and parkour.sport.
Equivalents in more than 30 languages will also be registered.
The GAISF initiative has been a protracted process which has been ongoing since 2012 and has been subject to longstanding legal complications and delays.
As part of the pre-launch programme, a select group of websites is due to go live in the next few weeks, becoming among the first ever at ".sport".
A consolidated launch period is then scheduled to take place from September 4 to November 6.
Web addresses with .sport for various disciplines will be rolled out ©Getty Images
General availability is set to begin on January 8 next year.
Premium pricing applies during the consolidated launch period.
Standard pricing will apply starting with general availability.
As a community extension ".sport" has made membership in the community an eligibility requirement for registering a ".sport" domain.
During the consolidated launch period, these include: federations, sport organisations and governing bodies, clubs and teams, cities and public authorities, athletes and practitioners, sport organisers, event sponsors, sport brands and corporate partners, sport media and sport facilities.
In addition to individual registration, there will be special programmes for name categories that are subject to special requirements.
These include discipline names, key sport vocabulary, geographic names and generic names.
International federations will largely operate their corresponding discipline names across multiple domains and languages.
Geographic domains will be registered by public authorities from municipalities around the world.
Generic names may be registered by content providers who will operate them in a non-discriminatory way based on advertising models.
In 2019, it is anticipated that pre-validated promotional coupons for ".sport" domain registration will be made available through the International Federations to their national and regional governing bodies.
GAISF President Patrick Baumann said that the role of .sport could "change the digital landscape for sport".
“I am delighted that FIG has committed to joining the revolution as a pioneer, and I am confident that many other federations, as well as event organisers, media outlets and commercial brands will also follow suit," they said.
This year's Alexander Hamilton Awards received nearly 40 excellent entries. Selecting finalists from this field was difficult. Thanks to our judges—Jean-Francois Heitz, Craig Jeffery, Sam Auxier, and Marie Hollein—for making the tough choices. And congratulations to our finalists (in alphabetical order, by award category):
Treasury Transformation
Bharti Airtel
HP
Toyota Financial Services
Liquidity Management
Hyundai Capital America
Toyota Financial Services
Financial Risk Management
eBay
Ericsson
Toyota Financial Services
Working Capital Management
Bharti Airtel
Microsoft
Pfizer
Technology Excellence
Microsoft
Toyota Financial Services
U.S. Department of Treasury
Operational Risk Management & Insurance
eBay
Microsoft
Paychex
Best Practices in Restricted/Emerging Markets
Honeywell
Pfizer
World Vision International
Stay tuned for more information on the series of webcasts, coming up this spring, during which we will announce which company won which award in each category and will discuss the best practices that made these organizations stand out in a field of truly exceptional projects.
Congratulations again to all our finalists!
The Russian Kaspersky Lab cybersecurity company has started conducting tests to offer a variety of tools and programs to protect cars from cybercriminals.
Smart cars are a tempting target for hackers to unlock features that can allow for complete control of the vehicle.
According to Kaspersky's website, hackers can “monitor the car's movements, eavesdrop on conversations, or access a smartphone connected to the system. Or they could turn off the alarm and unlock the doors.”
© Sputnik / Kirill Kallinikov Twitter Bans Ads of Russian Cybersecurity Giant Kaspersky Lab
Hence, Kaspersky Lab is now working on creating safety tools for cars against potential hazards.
The head of Safety of the Internet of Things (IoT) at Kaspersky Lab, Andrei Tikhonov, said that the Kaspersky team is now working on protecting systems of airborne and cloud control in the context of transport management.
“We are working on an automotive theme for our part, and this direction is a priority for us. The protection of the systems of airborne and cloud control in the context of transport management is our priority, I think the fruits will be seen quite rapidly, in the coming years,” Tikhonov said on the sidelines of the XII International Navigation Forum.
They further said that there are already products that are in the testing phase and that Kaspersky Lab is taking part in them as the security provider.
Last year, in its forecast for 2018, Kaspersky Lab suggested that hackers could go beyond the boundaries of familiar devices and begin actively attacking new Internet-connected systems, including cars.
According to the specialists, hackers can find tools to gain access to the entire system of the car, including the owner's confidential data and control functions.
On Monday the South Australian government awarded a key contract to a company called SolarReserve to build a 150MW solar thermal plant near Port Augusta. The California-based company uses giant mirrors, called heliostats, to direct sunlight to a thermal tower that heats molten salt, which can be stored in tanks for hours at very high temperatures. That molten salt can be pushed through a heat exchanger, where it will create steam to generate power, even when the Sun isn't shining.
Further Reading Three solar thermal plants in Chile could generate electricity 24 hours a day South Australia suffered a severe blackout last September during a storm, and its government has been under pressure to come up with solutions. The state already has a lot of renewable energy—especially wind—on its grid, so storage has been a primary focus. The government recently bought a 100MW/129MWh lithium battery installation from Tesla after the company promised it could install the batteries in 100 days or less.
SolarReserve has been behind several ambitious projects, including a 110MW/1,100MWh plant in Tonopah, Nevada, and a planned plant in Chile that will have enough molten-salt storage to provide greenhouse gas-free power 24 hours a day. The Tonopah plant was completed in 2015, but it was recently taken offline for eight months after a leak was discovered in a molten salt tank. Nevertheless, Nevada seems to be interested in building as many as 10 more arrays in Nevada's Nye County.
SolarReserve's South Australia project, called "Aurora," will cost AUD $650 million (US $512 million) to build and will produce 495 gigawatt-hours of power annually, “which is around five percent of South Australia's energy needs,” the company says. The solar thermal energy company specifies that Aurora will operate at 135MW “under normal operating conditions” for about eight hours, but the plant does have the ability to increase its output to 150MW when needed. “Our technology is incredibly flexible to the needs of the grid operators," SolarReserve spokesperson Mary Grikas told Ars. Despite being solar-powered, “it's decoupled from sunshine,” they said.
The company won the contract with the South Australian government by virtue of being the lowest-cost among other projects shortlisted. Jay Weatherill, South Australia's premier, said during a press conference that the state would pay no more than AUD $78 (US $61) per megawatt-hour for power from the facility. The contract offered to SolarReserve promised that South Australia would buy power from the company for at least 20 years.
According to Reuters, construction on the plant will begin in 2018, and it should be completed by 2020.
GreenTechMedia notes that “If SolarReserve can live up to the terms of the contract, the delivered price will be competitive with a new combined-cycle natural-gas plant in South Australia.”
After weight loss, cosmetic surgery options are available to help patients look and feel their best.
Plano TX, May 21, 2018 – The surgeons and team at Abdominal Surgery Specialists want their patients to live pain-free and sustainable lives. That is why every surgery they offer has that goal in mind, including cosmetic abdominal surgery.
What many clinics don't consider is what happens to a body cosmetically after a massive weight loss, and those that do see the problem can't do much about it. However, Abdominal Surgery Specialists can help their patients keep their stomachs firm by removing any excess skin and tightening the muscles.
Most surgeries will remove excess abdominal fat successfully, but often fail to address the fact that the muscles underneath relax and sag on the body because they were accommodated to the fat for so long. However, the surgeons at Abdominal Surgery Specialists offer skin excisions to smooth the skin over to relieve the pain and irriation the excess skin often causes, and make it look flatter and firmer after massive weight loss. In addition, plastic surgeons are also brought in to smooth out or enhance any other areas like the arms, legs and breasts that are affected by the surgery.
This change in the way the patients look gives them more confidence and is shown to make the process of keeping the weight off much easier. This is because patients now have a body they want to keep looking good.
Dr. Thomas Roshek is the main abdominal cosmetic surgery specialist for the Nicholson Clinic and often works with patients who have either had weight loss surgery at the clinic, yet still have sagging skin, as well as outside patients such as people who have lost weight via exercise/diet and women who have recently given birth.
Regardless of the reason for the abdominal cosmetic surgery, the advantage for patients when they feel good about their body is massive, so talking to the surgeon about the after-effects of weight loss surgery can help patients feel better about the entire process.
About Abdominal Surgery Specialists
Founded by Dr. Nick Nicholson, one of the country's leading weight loss surgeons and co-author of “Weight Loss Surgery: The Real Skinny,” Abdominal Surgery Specialists provides patients with a variety of options to treat conditions including gallbladders, hernias, reflux and obesity.
By: News Staff
news@abc6.com
@ABC6
ATTLEBORO, Mass. — Police in Attleboro are searching for a man wanted in connection with a weekend robbery.
Officials say the suspect robbed the Rite Aid on Washington Street Saturday.
 They are described as a thin, white man, and approximately six-feet-tall. They were seen wearing khaki pants or possibly light colored sweat pants, a white long sleeve shirt, and a dark colored knit hat.
Witnesses say the suspect fled the store and got into a black Range Rover with Rhode Island license plates.
Anyone with information is asked to call police at (508) 222-1212.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
We need improved quality of recording asthma diagnosis and events if the UK is to effectively use the very considerable potential locked within electronic health records to promote improvements in asthma care and catalyse research.
Researchers from Swansea University Medical School and the Asthma UK Centre for Applied Research have today cautioned that improved and consistent reporting of studies is needed to ensure that we answer important questions about asthma, one of the commonest chronic conditions.
Nearly 10% of the UK population has a recorded diagnosis of asthma, accounting for almost 100,000 hospital admissions and over £1 billion annual healthcare expenditure.
In a study published today in the European Respiratory Journal, one of the world's leading respiratory journals, Al Sallakh et al. examine international approaches used to define asthma, asthma severity, control and exacerbation from electronic health records (EHR) in the recent academic literature.
The researchers found wide variations and inconsistencies in these methods across studies and little evidence to support the validity of algorithms used.
These variations reflect not only the differences in the data used, but also, a fundamental lack of consensus on the clinical definitions of asthma and its outcomes. There is a growing number of studies internationally that use EHR data to study conditions including asthma, but no standard methods for identifying and assessing asthma patients from EHR exist. The researchers caution that validity, transparency and reproducibility of research is compromised unless action is taken.
Given the substantial growth in research that uses EHR data, the authors emphasise the need for reaching scientific consensus on asthma clinical definitions and algorithms, and adoption of reporting standards to improve the validity and reproducibility of research using these data.
Dr Gwyneth Davies, Respiratory Consultant and senior researcher at Swansea University Medical School, said, "If we are to learn about asthma, it's absolutely crucial that we have better and more consistent reporting of the data."
The newly established Health Data Research UK will be well placed to harmonise the underlying definitions and algorithms used in research using EHR data as it is very likely that similar issues will also be found in other disease areas.
Professor Andrew Morris, Director of Usher Institute, University of Edinburgh, said, "The UK has an opportunity to provide an international leadership role to develop and agree standards for health and biomedical data science. This research highlights the need for agreeing standards for both methodologies and reporting as we accelerate the pace and scale of data science in the UK."
Dr Samantha Walker, (Director of Research & Policy and Deputy Chief Executive, Asthma UK): "This study highlights a long known problem and one that desperately needs to be resolved. The data held on electronic health records has the potential to be of great value to asthma research, our overall understanding of asthma development, and development of new treatments. However, wide variations in how asthma is defined and recorded mean that these data sets are difficult to use for these purposes.
"As electronic health records become more widely used, it is vital to ensure all the information is defined and collected in a consistent manner so that we can have confidence in it. Until this happens we are missing opportunities to understand asthma fully and make improvements in asthma care."
The study and its recommendations, which will be essential reading for researchers, NHS leaders and policymakers, has been published in European Respiratory Journal today.
###
Notes
The research paper "Defining asthma and assessing asthma outcomes using electronic health record data: a systematic scoping review" has been published today in the European Respiratory Journal.
Link to the paper: https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1183/ 13993003. 00204-2017
The research was funded by Health and Care Research Wales and ABMU Health Board and was supported by Asthma UK Centre for Applied Research and The Farr Institute.
Mohammad Al Sallakh's blogpost on this research can be found at http://www. aukcar. ac. uk/ article/ electronic-health-record-studies
For more information on Asthma UK go to http://www. asthma. org. uk/
The Asthma UK Centre for Applied Research focusses on improving treatment and care for people living with asthma.
A collaborative venture between universities from across the UK, Asthma UK, people affected by asthma, healthcare professionals, NHS partners and other organisations, the Asthma UK Centre for Applied Research brings together leading UK clinical and non-clinical researchers from a variety of specialities including behavioural sciences, respiratory physiology, clinical trials, health economics and implementation research.
This UK-wide collaboration is led by Directors Professor Aziz Sheikh of the University of Edinburgh, and Professor Chris Griffiths of Queen Mary University of London.
Read more at: http://www. aukcar. ac. uk and keep in touch via Twitter @AUKCAR
For more information on The Farr Institute go to http://www. farrinstitute. org The Farr Institute is a UK-wide research collaboration involving 21 academic institutions and health partners in England, Scotland and Wales. Publically funded by a consortium of ten organisations led by the Medical Research Council, the Institute is committed to delivering high-quality, cutting-edge research using 'big data' to advance the health and care of patients and the public.
The Farr Institute is a UK-wide research collaboration involving 21 academic institutions and health partners in England, Scotland and Wales. Publically funded by a consortium of ten organisations led by the Medical Research Council, the Institute is committed to delivering high-quality, cutting-edge research using 'big data' to advance the health and care of patients and the public. For more information on Health Data Research UK goes to http://www. mrc. ac. uk/ about/ institutes-units-centres/ uk-institute-for-health-and-biomedical-informatics-research/
Swansea University Medical School, established in 2004, is an internationally-recognised centre of excellence in medical research, education and innovation. The Medical School has three main activities: learning and teaching, research, and business and innovation. Read about the history of the Medical School at http://www. scribd. com/ doc/ 235047725/ History-in-the-Making-College-of-Medicine-Swansea-University-10th-Anniversary-2004-2014
Swansea University Medical School has had spectacular success in the Research Excellence Framework (REF) 2014. Achievements include; joint 1st in the UK for research environment rated as 100% world-leading and 2nd in the UK for research quality in our unit of assessment, scored 100% world-leading in terms of impact and 95 % of the research submitted was assessed as world-leading (54%) or internationally excellent (41%) Find out more about the REF2014 results at https:/ / www. scribd. com/ doc/ 250478133/ College-of-Medicine-results-in-the-Research-Excellence-Framework-REF-2014
Follow us on Twitter: http://www. twitter. com/ SwanseaMedicine
Find us on Facebook: http://www. facebook. com/ SwanseaMedicine
Swansea University is a world-class, research-led, dual campus university. The University was established in 1920 and was the first campus university in the UK. It currently offers around 350 undergraduate courses and 350 postgraduate courses to circa 20,000 undergraduate and postgraduate students.
The University's 46-acre Singleton Park Campus is located in beautiful parkland with views across Swansea Bay. The University's 65-acre science and innovation Bay Campus, which opened in September 2015, is located a few miles away on the eastern approach to the city. It has the distinction of having direct access to a beach and its own seafront promenade. Both campuses are close to the Gower Peninsula, the UK's first Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Swansea is ranked the top university in Wales and is currently The Times and The Sunday Times 'Welsh University of the Year'. It is also ranked within the top 350 best universities in the world in the Times Higher Education World University rankings.
The results of the Research Excellence Framework (REF) 2014 showed the University has achieved its ambition to be a top 30 research University, soaring up the league table to 26th in the UK, with the 'biggest leap among research-intensive institutions' (Times Higher Education, December 2014) in the UK.
The University has ambitious expansion plans as it moves towards its centenary in 2020, as it continues to extend its global reach and realising its domestic and international ambitions.
Swansea University is a registered charity. No.1138342. Visit http://www. swansea. ac. uk
For more information, please contact Janis Pickwick, Swansea University Public Relations Office. Tel: 01792 295050, or email: j.m.pickwick@swansea.ac.uk
Follow us on Twitter: http://www. twitter. com/ SwanseaUni
Find us on Facebook: http://www. facebook. com/ swanseauniversity
Graduation day is this Sunday, June 3 for the Sioux Falls School District.
Growing up in a small town and only having 77 classmates walk through the line to get our diplomas was a breeze. For parents now in a city that boasts 180,000 residents that number is just a drop in the bucket.
Graduating from high school seniors from the four public schools will gather at the Sioux Falls Arena this Sunday in cap and gown in their education finale. More than 1,500 students who have attained senior status by the start of the spring 2018 semester will walk across the stage.
The school ceremonies order is below:
New Technology High School 11:00 AM
Washington High School 1:00 PM
Lincoln High School 4:00 PM
Roosevelt High School 7:00 PM
The Sioux Falls School District is planning to live stream each graduation ceremony on Sunday for any friends and family members who are unable to attend. Live streams for all graduation ceremonies can be found on the District's YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/user/SiouxFallsSchools
See Also:
[Press release] The Government of Saint Lucia will this evening update the People of Saint Lucia on plans to provide affordable, quality health care for all.
In a Special Address, scheduled to air at 8:00 P.M. on the National Television Network and simultaneously on local TV and radio stations, Prime Minister and Minister for Finance, Economic Growth, Job Creation, External Affairs and the Public Service, Honourable Allen Michael Chastanet, will speak to the nation about the state of our health care system and the Government's plans specifically for National Health Insurance, the operations of the Owen King-EU Hospital and St. Jude Hospital.
The Prime Minister will be joined by key ministers in the process: Minister for Health and Wellness, Senator the Honourable Mary Isaac and Minister for Economic Development, Housing, Urban Renewal, Transport and Civil Aviation, Honourable Guy Joseph. Each Minister will also update the nation on their roles in the health care sector and on current and future areas of focus related to health care.
Saint Lucians are invited to tune in at 8:00PM this Wednesday July 4TH. The broadcast will also be available online via the following:
NTN – http://www.govt.lc/portal-launch
Government of Saint Lucia Facebook Page – https://www.facebook.com/SaintLuciaGovernment/
Office of the Prime Minister Facebook Page https://www.facebook.com/opmsaintlucia/
Government of Saint Lucia Youtube Channel – https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4al3A_gysYEIzAM1L2qZbg
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - A Southwest Airlines jet made an emergency landing in California following reports that a passenger lit up a cigarette in a bathroom.
Southwest says Flight 1250 from Los Angeles to San Francisco was diverted Wednesday.
The plane landed safely at San Jose Mineta International Airport, about 50 miles (80 kilometers) south of San Francisco.
The airline says the passenger accused of smoking was turned over to law enforcement.
The remaining 32 passengers were placed on other aircraft to continue their trips.
A young parent surrendered a newborn baby to an Indianapolis fire department Sunday evening.
Scroll for more content...
The parent surrendered the baby to the Decatur Township Fire Station, the same place where a Safe Haven Baby Box will be installed.
The installation of the Baby Box at the fire department is taking longer than anticipated, but a new parent can still surrender their baby to the firefighters without fear of criminal prosecution.
"Even though the Safe Haven Baby Box is not yet installed at Decatur Township Fire Station #74, this brave parent chose to hand their newborn over to firefighters at this location knowing they could choose that option under Indiana's long-standing Safe Haven Law," Safe Haven Baby Box founder Monica Kelse said. "We want to personally thank this young parent who so bravely chose to surrender their unharmed newborn to firefighters. We know that education and awareness around the Safe Haven Laws and Safe Haven Baby Boxes save lives."
The Decatur Township Fire Station is located at 3750 S. Foltz St.
The Safe Haven Baby Box organization staffs a 24-hour hotline (1-866-99BABY1), so people can talk to trained professionals about possibly surrendering their baby. The hotline received calls Sunday regarding locations of baby boxes in the state of Indiana, according to a spokesperson.
From Associated Press -
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - The latest government crop report estimates that more than half of the winter wheat crop in Kansas is in poor or very poor condition.
The National Agricultural Statistics Service reported Monday that 17 percent of the Kansas wheat is in very poor condition with another 38 percent is rated as poor. About 34 percent is rated as fair with just 10 percent in good and 1 percent in excellent condition.
That assessment comes at the same time that topsoil moisture supplies were rated as short or very short across 81 percent of the state.
Their report covers crop conditions for the week ending on Sunday.
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind'
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind' Mar 19
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Charlotte Hornets (30-40) at 76ers (38-30)
Monday at 7 p.m., at the Wells Fargo Center
Talking points
The Sixers will like to duplicate their March 6 performance against the Hornets at the Spectrum Center. The Sixers shot a season-high 57.5 percent from the field, including 16 for 33 (48.5 percent) on three-pointers in a 128-114 victory. They also made 12 of 15 foul shots (80 percent). And the Sixers had 35 assists on 50 made baskets. Their assists total was one shy of their season high, set Nov. 1 against the Atlanta Hawks. Robert Covington, who didn't attempt a shot in the first quarter, scored 22 points and hit 5 of 9 three-pointers.
Covington also excelled as a two-way player that night. They were the primary defender on Charlotte all-star point guard Kemba Walker, who was held to a season-low five points on 1-for-9 shooting, missing all five of their three-pointers.
How to watch and follow the game
TV and streaming: NBC Sports Philadelphia
NBC Sports Philadelphia Radio: 97.5 FM
97.5 FM Twitter: @PompeyOnSixers; @NBASarah
Starting lineups
Hornets (30-40)
14 Michael Kidd-Gilchrist SF 6-7 9.5 ppg. 4.2 rpg
2 Marvin Williams PF 6-9 9.3 ppg. 4.8 apg.
12 Dwight Howard C 6-11 16.4 ppg. 12.1 rpg.
3 Jeremy Lamb SG 6-5 13.1 ppg. 4.0 rpg.
15 Kemba Walker PG 6-1 22.6 ppg. 5.8 rpg.
Coach: Steve Clifford (fifth season, 190-208)
Injury report: Michael Carter-Williams (left shoulder surgery, out); Nic Batum (tendinitis in left Achilles, out).
Sixers (38-30)
33 Robert Covington SF 6-9 12.5 ppg. 5.5 rpg
9 Dario Saric PF 6-10 15.0 ppg. 7.0 rpg.
21 Joel Embiid C 7-2 23.6 ppg. 11.1 rpg.
17 JJ Redick SG 6-4 16.7 ppg. 3.1 apg.
25 Ben Simmons PG 6-10 16.3 ppg. 7.7 apg.
Coach: Brett Brown (fifth season, 113-283)
Injury report: Markelle Fultz (shooting drills, out), Furkan Korkmaz (Lisfranc injury, midfoot, out), Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot (Right knee patellar tendinitis, out).
Head to head
The Hornets hold a 58-44 series advantage.
Coming games
Wednesday: 7 p.m., at Wells Fargo Center, Memphis Grizzlies vs. Sixers
Thursday: 7 p.m. at Amway Center, Sixers at Orlando Magic
Saturday: 6 p.m. at Wells Fargo Center, Minnesota Timberwolves vs. Sixers
March 26: 7 p.m., at Wells Fargo Center, Denver Nuggets at Sixers
March 28: 7 p.m., at Wells Fargo Center, New York Knicks at Sixers
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Although both Acura Team Penske ARX-05 DPI's were forced to retire from the Mobil 1 Twelve Hours of Sebring due to separate technical issues, Ricky Taylor insists there were plenty of positives to take away from the event.
The #7 car of Taylor, Helio Castroneves and Graham Rahal were the first to fall just after half distance, while the following hour saw the demise of the sister #6 car of Juan Pablo Montoya, Dane Cameron and Simon Pagenaud, with both being in contention for a strong result when the trouble hit.
Taylor admitted that had the team not been in contention for the victory when they retired would have been harder to pill to swallow, and they can head into the rest of the season with the knowledge they are a competitive outfit in the Prototype class.
“It's really unfortunate. Our plan was really coming together,” said Taylor. “The whole Acura Team Penske group did an amazing job this weekend. We ran in the top three all day long.
“Unfortunately, this issue knocked us out. We had such a good plan going heading into the night time hours, when I think our car was really going to come to life.
“We will move past this. It's one thing if we weren't running up front and contending, but we were a car capable of winning this race today.”
One of the T-shirt suppliers for the 2018 RBC Ottawa Bluesfest has included a killdeer on the left arm of this year's souvenir shirt.
The tie-dye T-shirt, designed by Fabgear 64, sports the endangered species and the words “Thank You” in bolded text as a way of acknowledging the bird and its nest, which needed to be moved in order to kick off the 2018 year of the event.
Biologists moved the “bluesnest” last Wednesday, dragging it metre by painstaking metre to a new location out of harm's way at the rear of the festival's main stage. A new nest was built by NCC biologists and placed on a mat that could be dragged to its new location, behind the main stage between a caravan of trailers away from the festival crowds.
Three of the four eggs hatched on Saturday and soon moved on with their parents. The fourth hatchling emerged from its egg on Canada Day and was taken into the custody of the Wild Bird Care Centre, where it is doing well.
Gloucester face Newcastle at Kingston Park in the Anglo-Welsh Cup today and you can follow the game with our live blog.
Bath's 32-19 win over Ospreys last night with Matt Banahan scoring one of their four tries means Gloucester can't qualify for the semi-finals but Newcastle need a win to have a chance of topping Pool 4.
It is the final pool game before the Premiership returns next week and while both have named fairly strong sides, a number of players have also been rested.
Owen Williams starts for Gloucester at the end of the week that started with them training with the Wales squad for their first Six Nations clash against Scotland before being overlooked for the matchday squad.
Gloucester is without British and Irish Lions star Ross Moriarty though as they were selected in the Wales team.
It is their second visit to the North East this season as they won 29-7 when the sides met in the Premiership at the end of November.
You can give your thoughts by sending a Tweet to @robsportstwit or @sportgloslive or sending a comment to our Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/GlosLiveSport/
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
“It's still about five months away from the expected launch of the 2017 iPhone,” Gene Steinberg writes for The Tech Night Owl. “Some of those rumors are educated guesses, others might legitimately originate in the leaky Asian supply chain. Still others are made up out of whole cloth. Some don't even sound reasonable.”
“So there was a published report that Apple might push the Touch ID sensor to the rear on the iPhone 8,” Steinberg writes. “On the surface, it seems absurd, and it remains absurd below the surface… It makes no sense whatever for Apple to take a feature that works as well or better than comparable features on other smartphones and move it somewhere else.”
“So where do rumors of that sort originate? It doesn't pass the logic test, but perhaps this blatant example of fake news originated with one of Apple's rivals, or fans of a rival smartphone,” Steinberg writes. “Now I wouldn't presume to suggest that people who favor the Galaxy S8, with its rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, are responsible.”
Read more in the full article here.
SYDNEY, April 28 Australia's competition regulator said on Friday it is taking legal action against Murray Goulburn Co-operative Ltd, alleging the country's largest dairy producer misled farmers over the price they would be paid for their milk.
In April 2016, Murray Goulburn cut the price they paid suppliers by 20 percent in a move that angered farmers, who said the cut came so late in the season that they had little chance but to continue producing at a loss.
After a year-long investigation, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) said that Murray Goulburn never indicated to its farmer shareholders of a potential risk to prices.
"Farmers relied on Murray Goulburn's representations and were not expecting a substantial reduction in the farmgate milk price, particularly so close to the end of the season when it was not possible for them to practically readjust their expenditure," said Rod Sims, chairperson of the ACCC in a statement.
The ACCC said it would not seek a financial penalty against the dairy processor because it would unduly harm its farmer shareholders. The regulator is, however, seeking the disqualification of former CEO Gary Helou from future directorships through court action.
Murray Goulburn said in a statement to the Australian Securities Exchange that it was considering its response to the legal action.
Helou told an Australian parliamentary inquiry in February they did not mislead shareholders. Requests for comment from Helou on Friday, via Murray Goulburn, were not responded to.
Shares in Murray Goulburn fell nearly 2 percent immediately following the ACCC announcement, eroding all daily gains enjoyed by the cooperative.
While launching action against Murray Goulburn, the ACCC cleared the world's largest dairy exporter, Fonterra Co-operative Group, following a similar complaint over the timing of cuts in milk prices in April 2016. The Australia anti-trust regulator said Fonterra was more transparent with its suppliers about potential price risks.
(Reporting by Colin Packham; Editing by Stephen Coates)
SAN DIEGO — Following one of its worst defensive performances since the turn of the century in a loss to UNLV on Jan. 27, San Diego State threw a defensive curveball at the Air Force Academy on Saturday night.
"We played zone for the first time in a long time," San Diego State coach Brian Dutcher said.
Jalen McDaniels had 16 points, on 7-of-10 shooting, and 13 rebounds to help San Diego State beat Air Force 81-50 on Saturday night.
Air Force shot just 20 of 61 (32.8 per cent) from the field. In SDSU's last game, the Aztecs allowed the UNLV to shoot 58.6 per cent — the highest mark against a San Diego State team in 11 seasons.
"I remember when I first started looking at State you would see the man and the full-court press," said San Diego State's Jeremy Hemsley. "Air Force forces you to play zone because you have to guard their offence for the entire 25 seconds. They do so many back cuts and stuff that guys can get tired real easy. I just think this was one of those games where we played zone. But I never imagined we would play it that much."
Hemsley finished with 14 points, while Max Montana and Devin Watson scored 13 apiece, for the Aztecs.
"We made a concerted effort that we were going to play some zone and we worked on it in practice," Dutcher said. "I like the zone and it was a step forward defensively and that is what we needed to do. Defence and rebounding wins championships; that is written on every locker room in the country. But it has to mean something."
San Diego State (13-8, 5-5 Mountain West) had lost four of its past five games before defeating the Falcons for the 13th straight time at Viejas Arena
Air Force (8-13, 2-7) dropped its third consecutive game and its seventh in the last nine. Lavelle Scottie, the only Falcons player to score in double figures, had 16 points.
SDSU, which was never threatened in the second half, was up 35-21 at halftime after making 8 of 16 from 3-point range. Air Force hit just 2 of 13 (15 per cent) 3-pointers and made just 9 of 32 (28.1 per cent) from the field in the first half. Scottie was 5-of-8 shooting and scored 10 of Air Force's 21 points.
Mike Jensen is a general assignment reporter for the Inquirer and Daily News. Among other assignments, they write "Off Campus," a regular column on college sports for the Inquirer. A staff writer with the Inquirer since 1988, Jensen covered college basketball and football beats for 15 years, wrote about soccer from 10 countries on five continents, and was assigned to the Kentucky Derby the year of Smarty Jones. They won Eclipse Awards for their coverage of Smarty Jones and Barbaro.
Villanova's Jannah Tucker, front, passes the ball around Notre Dame's Jackie Young (5) during a second-round game in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament Sunday, March 18, 2018, in South Bend, Ind. Notre Dame won 98-72.
The NCAA informed Villanova on Monday that women's basketball player Jannah Tucker will be granted an extra semester of eligibility that will allow Tucker to play the complete 2018-19 season.
Tucker's five-year NCAA clock was supposed to run out after next season's fall semester, but the school argued that extraordinary circumstances — a domestic-abuse situation involving Tucker's boyfriend that amounted to a hostage situation — kept them from playing as a first-year student.
In an interview, Tucker had described how their boyfriend had kept them from reporting to the University of Tennessee for weeks. Tucker ultimately transferred to Villanova and played the last two seasons.
“I was very surprised to find out this quickly,'' Tucker said in an interview Monday in the Villanova women's basketball office. “I think we just submitted it a couple of weeks ago. I've never heard of a waiver getting appealed that quickly. I was very grateful. I know a lot of people were in my corner for it and a lot of people pushed for it.”
Asked their level of excitement of having a full season still to play, Tucker said, “Twelve out of 10.”
Villanova made it to the NCAA tournament for the first time since 2013 and beat South Dakota State before losing to top-seeded Notre Dame. Tucker had finished the season strong, making six three-pointers for 20 points against South Dakota State, adding 19 points against Notre Dame.
“It's a great thing for my team, too,'' Tucker said. “It's always hard when you don't know. And if I did play half [a season], it would be extremely hard to say, ‘All right guys, see ya.' Now it's a whole different team dynamic. Taking one person out really affects the entire team. Now we can all kind of settle, and get really excited again.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
WARWICK, R.I. (AP) - The scheduled auction of the Rhode Island home of five-time world boxing champion Vinny Paz has been canceled.
The auction of the Warwick home was scheduled for Wednesday but the website of Sullivan & Sullivan Auctioneers says it has been canceled. No reason was given. The auction was announced earlier this month following a foreclosure.
The 55-year-old Paz's three-bedroom house has been subject to liens from both the Internal Revenue Service and the Rhode Island Department of Taxation.
Paz was arrested twice earlier this year. They were charged with assaulting a friend in February. They pleaded no contest in March to assaulting their girlfriend.
Paz is known for their comeback after they broke their neck in a car crash. Their story was dramatized in the 2016 film "Bleed for This."
The ranking Democrat on the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee told reporters Tuesday that the hearing for President Trump's VA secretary nominee would move forward once the committee concludes whether Ronny Jackson is “fit to serve or not.”
The committee is currently reviewing allegations that were raised “about a week ago” relating to Jackson's workplace conduct, the ranking Democrat Sen. John Tester (D-MT) said Tuesday. Tester would not confirm the nature of the allegations against Jackson — the White House physician who Trump nominated to run the VA after they fired former Secretary David Shulkin — but said there are “a lot of things we're looking into.”
In a letter sent to Trump on Tuesday, Tester and Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson (R-GA) asked Trump for “all documentation pertaining to Rear Admiral Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit and as Physician to the President,” according to NBC. Tester and Isakson also asked for any communication between the Department of Defense and the White House “regarding allegations or incidents involving” Jackson from 2006 to the present.
Just in: Sens Isakson and Tester sent this letter to President Trump today requesting all information regarding any improper conduct pertaining to Rear Admiral Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit: pic.twitter.com/5hLaUBS5ju — Frank Thorp V (@frankthorp) April 24, 2018
Responding to questions about whether the White House should have more thoroughly vetted Jackson before nominating them to lead the VA, Tester told reporters that they didn't know “what process they go though on the vetting.”
“It's our job to thoroughly vet these candidates, we are doing that,” they said. “Once we come to the conclusion, whether he's fit to serve or not, then we'll move forward with the hearing.”
Sen. Mike Rounds (R-SD), told MSNBC Tuesday that “unsubstantiated allegations” against Jackson had surfaced and said the committee was doing its “due diligence” to investigate.
Several news outlets have reported that current and former staff in the White House medical unit have complained about Jackson for a “hostile work environment.” CBS reported that staffers complained about Jackson for alleged “excessive drinking on the job” and “improperly dispensing meds.”
WASHINGTON, April 20 President Donald Trump said on Thursday they do not see a role for the United States in Libya apart from defeating Islamic State militants.
"I do not see a role in Libya. I think the United States has right now enough roles. We're in a role everywhere. So I do not see that," Trump said during a joint news conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.
"I do see a role in getting rid of ISIS, we're very effective in that regard ... I see that as a primary role and that's what we're going to do, whether it's in Iraq, or Libya or anywhere else," Trump said, using an acronym commonly used to refer to the Islamic State.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Eric Walsh)
MOSCOW, March 29 Ukrainian investors and a consortium of other foreign investors are among possible buyers of the Ukrainian subsidiary of Russia's state bank VTB, VTB's First Deputy CEO Yuri Soloviev said on Wednesday.
VTB plans to submit documents on the sale of its Ukrainian BM-Bank to the Ukrainian central bank and expects the deal to be accomplished no earlier than in May or June.
VTB is also planning to close its French office and restructure its European business this year, Soloviev said.
(Reporting by Kira Zavyalova; Writing by Maria Tsvetkova; Editing by Andrey Ostroukh)
On Wednesday, Saudi Arabia passed a new law criminalizing sexual harassment, less than a month before Saudi women will be allowed to drive for the first time in more than 25 years.
The Shura Council, the kingdom's formal advisory body, passed a draft law on Monday that will require offenders to spend up to five years behind bars and pay a maximum penalty of $80,000 if they're found guilty of sexual harassment. The law was approved by the Saudi cabinet on Wednesday, the Saudi Press Agency reported.
"After reviewing the comments of Their Royal Highness the Minister of Interior, and after considering the Shura Council Resolution No. (163/40) dated 13/9/1439 H (May 28, 2018), the Council of Ministers decided to approve the system to combat the crime of harassment," the official cabinet statement reads.
The legislation contains eight articles that "aim at combating the crime of harassment, preventing it, applying punishment against perpetrators and protecting the victims in order to safeguard the individual's privacy, dignity and personal freedom which are guaranteed by Islamic law and regulations," the statement adds.
However, what constitutes harassment is not outlined.
[This is] a very important addition to the history of regulations in the kingdom," Shura council member Latifa al-Shaalan said Wednesday, the Khaleej Times reported.
"It fills a large legislative vacuum and it is a deterrent system when compared with a number of similar laws in other countries," they added.
Despite Saudi Arabia's liberalization efforts, the country still has multiple controversial laws in place. Under Saudi Arabia's male guardianship system, women must have a male guardian — either a father, brother, husband or son — to make decisions on their behalf. In addition, there is no penal code in the country that specifically criminalizes rape. There are also no laws outlawing marital or statutory rape.
Last September, the country's King Salman issued a royal decree allowing women to drive as of June 24, 2018.
© AP Photo / Hasan Jamali New Street Signs in Saudi Arabia Welcome Female Drivers
The decree follows Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's announcement of the Saudi Vision 2030 program on April 25, 2016. The program, which includes 80 projects costing between $3.7 and $20 million each, is intended to help decrease the kingdom's dependence on oil for its income, increase government spending on its military and develop public service sectors for health, education, recreation and tourism by 2030, among other initiatives.
"Our vision is a strong, thriving and stable Saudi Arabia that provides opportunity for all. Our vision is a tolerant country with Islam as its constitution and moderation as its method. We will welcome qualified individuals from all over the world and will respect those who have come to join our journey and our success," the Saudi Vision website states.
"We intend to provide better opportunities for partnerships with the private sector through the three pillars: our position as the heart of the Arab and Islamic worlds, our leading investment capabilities and our strategic geographical position. We will improve the business environment, so that our economy grows and flourishes, driving healthier employment opportunities for citizens and long-term prosperity for all."
However, despite the country's liberalization drive, Saudi authorities have arrested at least a dozen activists since mid-May, according to Human Rights Watch. It is unclear where or why the activists are currently being held in custody.
"We urge the Saudi Arabian authorities to reveal their locations and ensure their rights to due process guarantees," UN Human Rights Office spokesperson Liz Throssell said during a recent briefing in Geneva, Switzerland, Reuters reported.
"If, as it appears, their detention is related solely to their work as human rights defenders and activists on women's issues, they should be released immediately," they added.
April 24 (UPI) -- BAE Systems this week applauded the Australian government's release of the Defense Industrial Capability Plan.
The plan, announced Monday, is billed as a critical tool for growing Australia's economy by recognizing the opportunity the defense industry can have on it's gross domestic product.
"Australia's defense industry plays a critical role in delivering the technology, innovation and products needed to ensure the Australian Defense Force has the capability it needs to meet its objectives," Gabby Costiga, BAE Systems Australia chief executive, said in a press release.
BAE Systems said it has one of the nation's largest supply chains and a legacy of working closely with Australian officials in opening opportunity for both local and international business.
"The Defense Industry in Australia is a highly productive one, employing many thousands of highly-skilled professionals. The Defense Industry Capability Plan, together with the Government's Defense Export Strategy, will work hand in hand to ensure continued opportunities that will grow our base of technicians, engineers and scientists," said Costigan.
Among other projects, BAE in 2016 announced plans to open a new Center for Defense Industry Capability in Australia and has worked closely with government officials to develop the SEA 5000 program, which includes plans to build nine new frigates for the Royal Australian Navy.
Jo Swinson has become the bookies' favourite to replace Lib Dem leader Tim Farron who resigned yesterday.
The MP for East Dunbartonshire has been tipped for their party's top job in Westminster.
Ms Swinson was re-elected to the House of Commons last Thursday (June 8) in the General Election.
Bookies have already picked them as their favourite to be the next Lib Dem leader.
Both Bet 365 and Sky Bet have odds of 5/4 of them taking the top job.
And she's ahead of Vince Cable who is 2/1, Norman Lamb at 5/1 and Ed Davey at 7/1.
Second Deputy Speaker of Parliament, Kingsford Alban Sumana Bagbin has slammed the government for creating bad blood between itself and the parties involved in the double salary saga.
They stated that the government has not been honest with Ghanaians about discussions and issues concerning the Members of Parliament (MPs) double salary.
The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of the Ghana Police Service has grilled some MPs who served as ministers in the erstwhile National Democratic Congress (NDC) government over the raging double salary scandal.
They were reportedly cautioned with a charge of stealing and are to appear again before the CID on May 14.
The former appointees, according to reports, are Minister of State in-Charge of Social and Allied Institutions, Comfort Doyoe Cudjoe Ghansah, who is NDC MP for Ada East; Second Deputy Minority Chief Whip, Eric Opoku, NDC MP for Asunafo South and Brong-Ahafo Regional Minister and Alhaji Inusah Fuseini, NDC MP for Tamale Central and Minister of Roads and Highways.
The former NDC appointees are being accused of taking double salaries as ministers and MPs while serving in government under President John Mahama.
Mr Bagbin, who is the MP for Nadowli Kaleo, noted that the matter could have been handled at the parliamentary level hence no need to institute investigations into the matter.
According to him, the payment system is shrouded with challenges and has been so since 1993.
“I have been shortchanged several times when it comes to my salary and emoluments several times with my long stay in parliament but I have never complained.
“I expect and will allow a full investigation into the matter for a comprehensive report to be produced by the Criminal Investigation Department of the Ghana Police Service so that it does not occur again.
“Though my name has been mentioned several times as having enjoyed double salary, I have not been invited by the police, but I'm ready to avail myself to the police anytime they so wish to invite me,” Mr Bagbin intimated.
Speaking on their presidential ambition and the unity walks being organised by their party, they explained that their party is repeating the same mistakes that sent them into opposition.
“We have as a party designed and outlined proper processes to unify and recapture power but we are doing something different and repeating the very things that sent the party into opposition.” –peacefmonline.com
Law enforcement agencies are seeing an increase in cattle theft in parts of southwest Missouri. The Jasper County Sheriff's Office is getting proactive, taking steps to ensure it doesn't happen to local farmers.
It has happened 2 or 3 times in the past, thieves going on to Roger Hines' property at night and stealing cattle.
“There's not a lot of profit in the cattle businesses anyway and if you lose a few times like that you're going to go backwards,” Hines, with J-H Cattle, says.
In the last week there have been 3 reports of cattle theft in Barry County, one incident where 16 cows were stolen.
Hines is glad the Jasper County Sheriff's Office is taking measures to keep it from happening here.
“If we see someone pulling farm equipment at 2 o'clock in the morning, we're going to stop them and make contact with them,” says Detective Tim Williams.
That method has worked in the past and since there's been suspicious activity in neighboring counties, Detective Williams says it is completely legal for a deputy to make a stop to identify the driver. Their main goal is simply to protect local farmers.
“So much of our job is reactive, someone has something stolen and we show up after the fact. This is a great chance for us to be proactive and work hand in hand with our farmers and prevent it from ever happening in our county,” says Williams.
One cow can be worth thousands of dollars so when people are coming and not just taking cattle but fuel and equipment too, the loss in revenue will add up.
“It adds up, it really does,” says Hines.
“It's not only the initial loss of revenue, it's all that revenue from the calves that they were going to have as well. So that's potentially their livelihood and you're taking away their livelihood,” says Williams.
And local farmers are appreciative of the preventative measures the Sheriff's Office is taking.
“I think they're doing a very good job, I think anybody that steals cattle around here, they're going to be sorry,” says Hines.
The Sheriff's Office has also posted tips on how farmers can protect themselves from thieves. To view them visit: https://www.facebook.com/jaspercountymissourisheriff/
By: News Staff
news@abc6.com
@ABC6
PAWTUCKET, R.I. — Severe cold weather over the weekend posed some problems for first responders in Pawtucket.
Five people are out of their homes Monday after a fire broke out at a North Bend building Saturday.
High winds and the bitter cold temperatures only fueled the flames, which made fighting the fire more difficult.
“The wind conditions like this, and the hazards that you have to be aware of entering the building, never mind just getting back and forth with the water. Everything just turned to sheer ice,” said Chief William Sisson of the Pawtucket Fire Department.
Fire crews also had to be extra careful because of power lines in front of the building.
The cause of the fire remains under investigation.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
On Saturday morning, before heading out for a round of golf, President Donald Trump tweeted this:
Scroll for more content...
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
The "memo" in question is the one released by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-California, that alleges that a dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele was the sole reason a FISA warrant was granted to surveil one-time Trump aide Carter Page. (Got all that?)
Trump's tweet is 47 words wrong. In those 47 words, they said 4 things that are simply not true. Let's go through them!
1. "This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe."
First things first: Like you, I have no idea why Trump put "Trump" in quotes in the tweet. Maybe they mean the collective Trump world of family, advisers and family advisers?
That's not the really important thing, though. The really important thing is that the Nunes memo -- even if you believe every word of it -- does not "totally vindicate" Trump.
Presuming the "probe" Trump is referring to here is special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation, it's important to note here that the "probe" is looking into Russia's attempted interference into the 2016 presidential election and whether there was any collusion between Russia and members of the Trump campaign.
What the Nunes memo alleges -- and Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee insist that that Steele dossier wasn't the only reason the FISA warrant for Page was approved -- has zero to do with Mueller's probe. Trump is conflating the possibility the FISA warrant against Page with the broader investigation into Russia's attempted meddling in a national US election.
Don't believe me? Here's what House Oversight Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy, R-South Carolina, tweeted after the Nunes memo release: "As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of this memo do not - in any way - discredit their investigation."
2. "The Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on"
It is true that Mueller's investigation continues. As do the House and Senate congressional committees' probes into Russia's involvement in the 2016 election.
But to describe these investigations as a "witch hunt" simply doesn't comport with known facts. Witch hunts are specious investigations driven by preconceived notions that wind up not being born out.
So far in the Mueller investigation, two Trump associates -- former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos -- have pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI in regards their relationships with Russia -- and are cooperating with the Mueller probe. Two more one-time aides -- campaign chairperson Paul Manafort and their deputy Rick Gates -- have been charged with a series of counts including money laundering.
Even if you dismiss the Manafort/Gates charges -- they haven't been found guilty -- how can you dismiss the guilty pleas by Papadopoulos and Flynn? If this was a "witch hunt," then why did these two men plead guilty? If they hadn't done anything wrong, why plead guilty and agree to cooperate with the investigation?
3. "Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction"
It's "there." But whatever.
Both the Mueller investigation and House and Senate Intelligence committees' investigations are ongoing. It is, therefore, totally impossible to make definitive statements about what has or has not been found.
"The committee continues to look into all evidence to see if there was any hint of collusion," Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-North Carolina, said last fall, adding: "The issue of collusion is still open."
Trump can accurately say that no evidence has been made public that proves collusion between their campaign and Russia. But that's not what he's saying. And therefore, he's wrong.
4. "After one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead."
Again, there is simply no way Trump can know this based on what we know now. Mueller hasn't spoken publicly about the status of their investigation since they were appointed in the middle of 2017. The last time Burr gave any sort of major update on the working of their committee's investigation was in early October 2017. The House Intelligence Committee has devolved in partisan warfare.
Maybe Mueller and the congressional committees looking into Russia and the 2016 election have found "NOTHING." But, right now, we can't know that. All we know is that they haven't announced any findings that prove (or disprove) collusion. So, collusion may be dead. But given that these are ongoing investigations, it could also be very much alive. We just don't know.
"The Improbability of Love" by Hannah Mary Rothschild (Knopf Doubleday)
"The Improbability of Love" is a satirical look at the art trade with intrigue, romance and history sprinkled throughout.
Annie McDee buys a painting from a second-hand shop as a birthday gift for a potential boyfriend. When they fail to show up for a date, the painting becomes hers. Unknowingly, Annie has found a lost masterpiece (fictional), which was painted by one of the most important French artist of the eighteenth century, Jean-Antoine Watteau (1684-1721). As Annie starts to research the artwork, they are stalked by those who would do anything to own it. Before long, Annie is accused of arson, first-degree murder and theft of the painting.
The novel's charm lies in its characters — oligarchs, historians, politicians, auctioneers, socialites, criminals and the canvas itself. Each one offers a glimpse into the painting's dark past and its present-day value. In the end, the truth of the painting is revealed, and Annie discovers the improbability of love.
In this image made from video, a Porsche Carrera car is underneath another car in Sydney, Australia Thursday, May 31, 2018. Australian media say a valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Thursday outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sydney. (Australian Broadcasting Corp. via AP)
In this image made from video, a Porsche Carrera car is underneath another car in Sydney, Australia Thursday, May 31, 2018. Australian media say a valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Thursday outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sydney. (Australian Broadcasting Corp. via AP)
SYDNEY (AP) - A hotel valet had a lucky escape - but the luxury sports car they were trying to park did not.
Australian media say the valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Thursday outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sydney.
Emergency workers cut the driver out from the Porsche as a large crowd watched. The driver was reported to be unhurt.
The larger vehicle was propped up and its wheels were anchored so the vehicles could be separated. The black Porsche, its hood and front bumper crunched and dented, was then backed onto a tow truck.
Witness Jonathan Bayle told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. they thought a television show or movie was being shot.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): In what could be termed as a gruesome attempt to replace one's husband with their lover, a woman in Telangana's Nagarkurnool killed their husband with their partner's aid, while their partner disfigured their face to purport as their husband.
The woman, identified as Swathi, was taken into custody by the NagarKurnool district police on Monday, and confessed to the crime.
As per Swathi, they hatched a plan to switch the husband, Sudhakar Reddy for their lover Rajesh. Accordingly, the duo killed their husband on the night of November 27, and shifted them to Navapeta forest and burnt their body. Further, Rajesh voluntarily agreed to disfigure their face by pouring acid on it.
Acting upon the initial complaint of the deceased's brother Surender Reddy, who said that some unknown persons attacked their brother with acid and shifted them to Hyderabad for better treatment, a case was registered with NagarKurnool district police, under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), and an investigation was taken up, informed the Additional Superintendent of Police (SP), NagarKurnool district, Jogu Chennaiah. Chennaiah further told that the complainant again approached the police, saying that the person admitted in the hospital might not be their brother. "We visited the hospital and took fingerprints of the person who is undergoing treatment later checked with Aadhaar biometric and found the fingerprints are not matching," Chennaiah added. Swathi has been arrested under sections 302 (murder) and 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence) of the IPC, and sent to judicial remand. "One more accused Rajesh is undergoing treatment in the hospital; they will be arrested soon after discharge from the hospital," the Additional SP said. (ANI)
FILe - This is a 2016 file photo showing Ariel Prieto of the Arizona Diamondbacks baseball team. Diamondbacks coach Ariel Prieto says it was a mistake for them to wear an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card game against Colorado. Prieto told reporters on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, that they didn't use the watch for any illicit purpose and that it was on "airplane mode" during the game, a setting that shuts off any of the watch's communication abilities. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File)
FILe - This is a 2016 file photo showing Ariel Prieto of the Arizona Diamondbacks baseball team. Diamondbacks coach Ariel Prieto says it was a mistake for them to wear an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card game against Colorado. Prieto told reporters on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, that they didn't use the watch for any illicit purpose and that it was on "airplane mode" during the game, a setting that shuts off any of the watch's communication abilities. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Arizona Diamondbacks coach Ariel Prieto has apologized and said it was a mistake for them to wear an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card game against Colorado.
Major League Baseball spokesperson Michael Teevan said the commissioner's office is looking into the matter. Last month, the Boston Red Sox were fined by MLB for using an Apple Watch to relay signs to hitters.
Arizona opens the NL Division Series on Friday against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Prieto said Thursday that they didn't use the watch for any illicit purpose and it was on "airplane mode" during the game on Wednesday night. That setting shuts off any of the watch's communication abilities.
The former big league pitcher is an extra coach who also serves as interpreter for the Diamondbacks. They said they know having the phone during the game violated MLB's rules. They said they apologized to manager Torey Lovullo and volunteered to turn the phone over to MLB officials.
"It was just an honest mistake," Lovullo said. "We asked, found out, and talked to Ariel, and that's what they told us. And in no way did it impact the game, and in no way is it going to impact the game tomorrow. It's just not something we do or believe in."
The Diamondbacks beat Colorado 11-8 Wednesday night and Prieto was shown wearing the watch during the game's telecast.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
YORK, Pa. (AP) - Black people have long complained about getting pulled over by police for "driving while black," or being eyed suspiciously by store security guards for "shopping while black." Now a group of women says it got into trouble for golfing while black.
Officials at the Grandview Golf Club in York called police on the group, accusing them of playing too slowly and holding up others behind them.
No charges were filed, but the confrontation Saturday touched a raw nerve after two other somewhat similar incidents. Two black men in Philadelphia were handcuffed and arrested on April 12 after a Starbucks employee called police because they hadn't bought anything in the store. And employees of an LA Fitness in New Jersey wrongly accused a black member and their guest of not paying to work out and called police, prompting an apology from the company.
One of the black women golfers, Sandra Harrison, said they were at the second hole when representatives of the Grandview Golf Club told the group they were playing too slowly.
After the ninth hole, about an hour and 45 minutes later, they were told that they took too long a break and needed to leave.
Harrison said they and two other women left because they were so rattled by the treatment.
"It was like we were playing with targets on our backs," they said. "What other reason could there be other than we were guilty of being black while golfing?"
The club called police on the two women who remained.
On Sunday club co-owner JJ Chronister told the York Daily Record they called the women personally to "sincerely apologize." On Monday, they issued a second statement to the newspaper saying players who are slow typically leave the course when asked by club personnel.
"In this instance, the members refused to leave so we called police to ensure an amicable result," the statement reads. It says the women skipped holes and took an extended break.
"During the second conversation we asked members to leave as per our policy noted on the scorecard, voices escalated, and police were called to ensure an amicable resolution," it reads.
It's part of golf etiquette that slow-moving players let groups behind them play through if they are holding things up, and often golf courses have employees who monitor the pace of play, letting golfers know when they are taking too long.
The five are part of a larger group of local women known as Sisters in the Fairway. The group has been around for at least a decade, and all of its members are experienced players who have golfed all over the country and world. They're very familiar with golf etiquette, Harrison said.
Normally clubs don't allow groups larger than four. Sandra Thompson told the York Daily Record they were the last member to arrive, and checked with a clerk to see if it was OK to join the four others, knowing a fifth member might be an issue. The clerk said it was fine, said Thompson, an attorney and president of the York branch of the NAACP.
Thompson posted a video on their Facebook page showing the interaction with club co-owner Jordan Chronister, their father, former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister, and several other white, male employees.
In it, Jordan Chronister tells the women he's been timing them and that they must leave the premises. The women respond that they took an appropriate break and that the men behind them were still on their beer break and not ready to tee off. The women are then told that the police have been called. And so they wait.
Northern York County Regional Police arrived, conducted interviews and left without charging anyone.
"We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges," Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel told the York Daily Record.
JJ Chronister, who owns the club with their husband Jordan Chronister, told the newspaper Sunday that they called the women personally to apologize. They said they hope to meet with them to discuss how the club can use what happened as a learning experience and do better in the future.
Previous work from INSEAD Associate Professor of Marketing Hilke Plassmann's research group did show that a higher price, for instance for chocolate or wine, increased the expectation that the product will also taste better and in turn affects taste processing regions in the brain. "However, it has so far been unclear how the price information ultimately causes more expensive wine to also be perceived as having a better taste in the brain," says Prof. Bernd Weber, Acting Director of the Center for Economics and Neuroscience (CENs) at the University of Bonn. The phenomenon that identical products are perceived differently due to differences in price is called the "marketing placebo effect". As with placebo medications, it has an effect solely due to ascribed properties: "Quality has its price!"
The researchers assessed how different prices are translated into corresponding taste experiences in the brain, even if the wine tasted does not differ. 30 participants took part in the study, of which 15 were women and 15 were men, with an average age of around 30 years.
Wine tasting while lying down
The wine tasting took place lying down in an MRI scanner, allowing brain activity to be recorded "online" while participants were tasting the wines. Each time, the price of the wine was shown first. Only then around a milliliter of the respective wine was administrated to the test person via a tube in their mouths. The participants were then asked to rate via a button on a nine-point scale how good the wine tasted to them. Their mouths were then rinsed with a neutral liquid and the next identical wine sample was given for tasting. All of the experiments were performed in the brain scanner at the Life & Brain Center at the University of Bonn.
"The marketing placebo effect has its limits: If, for example, a very low-quality wine is offered for 100 euros, the effect would predictably be absent," says Prof. Weber. This is why the researchers conducted the tests using an average to good quality red wine with a retail bottle prize of 12 €. In the MRI scanner, the price of this wine was shown randomly as 3, 6 and 18 €. In order to make the study as realistic as possible, the participants were given 45 euros of initial credit. For some of the tastings, the displayed sum was deducted from this account in some of the trials.
"As expected, the subjects stated that the wine with the higher price tasted better than an apparently cheaper one," reports Professor Hilke Plassmann from the INSEAD Business School, with campuses in Fontainebleau (France), Singapore and Abu Dhabi. "However, it was not important whether the participants also had to pay for the wine or whether they were given it for free." Identical wine leads to a better taste experience when a greater quality expectation is associated with the wine due to its price.
The measurements of brain activity in the MRI scanner confirmed this. The research team discovered that above all parts of the medial pre-frontal cortex and also the ventral striatum were activated more when prices were higher. While the medial pre-frontal cortex particularly appears to be involved in integrating the price comparison and thus the expectation into the evaluation of the wine, the ventral striatum forms part of the brain's reward and motivation system. "The reward and motivation system is activated more significantly with higher prices and apparently increases the taste experience in this way," says Prof. Weber.
How can placebo effects be inhibited?
"Ultimately, the reward and motivation system plays a trick on us," explains INSEAD post-doctoral fellow Liane Schmidt. When prices are higher, it leads us to believe that a taste is present that is not only driven by the wine itself, because the products were objectively identical in all of the tastings. "The exciting question is now whether it is possible to train the reward system to make it less receptive to such placebo marketing effects," says Prof. Weber. This may be possible by training one's own physical perception - such as taste - to a greater extent.
###
Publication: Liane Schmidt, Vasilisa Skvortsova, Claus Kullen, Bernd Weber und Hilke Plassmann, How context alters value: The brain's valuation and affective regulation system link price cues to experienced taste pleasantness, Scientific Reports, DOI: 10.1038/s41598-017-08080-0
Contact for the media:
Prof. Dr. Bernd Weber
Center for Economics and Neuroscience
Life & Brain Zentrum
Clinic for Epileptology
University of Bonn
Tel. +49 228/6885262
E-Mail: bernd.weber@ukbonn.de
Prof. Dr. Hilke Plassmann
INSEAD
Tel. +33 160724371
E-Mail: hilke.plassmann@insead.edu
Jaynes' wife, Brandy K. Jaynes, 36, was charged Jan. 9 with second-degree felony child abuse. According to charging documents in the mother's case, the boy weighed just 30 pounds on Jan. 8, the day they were brought by Russell Jaynes to Dixie Regional Medical Center in St. George.
The charging documents say the boy's father found them locked in a bathroom with sheets draped in front of it on Jan. 8, and then took them to a hopsital. The door was locked from the outside with two latches and the father found their son inside lying on the floor with a blanket, the documents say.
Police searched the house and found the bathroom floor covered with what appeared to be feces, the charging documents say. There were a few empty cans of beans and a spoon in the bathroom and a video camera and baby monitor taped to the edge of the shower, the documents say.
While court documents don't detail the exact child abuse allegations against Russell Jaynes, the type of charge indicate the man is accused of not stepping in to stop the abuse, Brandy Jaynes' defense attorney, Edward Flint, told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
The defendant lived in the house during the months police say the boy was locked inside the bathroom, Flint said. They said the mother didn't mean for the boy to be hurt, but was overwhelmed caring for them and the situation slipped out of their control.
The boy is now in state custody.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 30 pounds is about the average weight of a 2-year-old.
An arraignment for Russell Jaynes, who was issued a summons, is scheduled for March 21. Court records show they filed for divorce in 5th District Court on Jan. 31.
Meanwhile, a judge on Tuesday refused to reduce Brandy Jaynes' bail.  They are being held at the Washington County jail in lieu of $20,000 bail.
pmanson@sltrib.com
Twitter: @PamelaMansonSLC
Griffin Sharp in Return to Oakland as Rangers Top A's 7-0
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) _ A.J. Griffin pitched six scoreless innings in their return
to the Oakland Coliseum, Nomar Mazara had two hits and three RBIS, and the Texas
Rangers beat the Athletics 7-0 on Monday night.
Carlos Gomez and Mike Napoli added two RBIs apiece to help Texas end a
three-game skid.
Griffin (2-0) spent their first two seasons in the majors with the A's before
being released near the end of 2015 after Tommy John surgery a year earlier. They
hadn't pitched at the Coliseum since making their final start for Oakland on Sept.
18, 2013. They looked very comfortable in their return.
The Rangers' shaggy-haired right-hander allowed one hit and one walk, retired
the final 14 batters they faced and finished with eight strikeouts _ one shy of
their career high.
Three Texas relievers combined for the final nine outs to complete the
three-hitter.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Cheltenham car dealership is to close at the end of the month.
Staff at the Hylton Renault & Dacia showrooms in Manor Road, Swindon Village, confirmed the closure to customers today.
It follows the Nissan dealership on the same site shutting on March 2.
Hylton's statement at the time said: "It is with great regret that we have to inform you that as of March 2 we will no longer be a Nissan Franchise.
"I would like to take this opportunity to thank you all for your valued custom and kindness."
The business, which launched more than 25 years ago, is also set to shut its Worcester branch.
Cheltenham customers have been advised to put any enquiries to the Bristol Street Motors Renault dealership in Ramsdale Road, Gloucester.
The dealership offered new and used models from Dacia, Renault, Nissan, Peugeot and Suzuki.
One customer of Renault Hylton, who lives in Cheltenham, said: "This is a real bombshell.
"I bought my Renault Captur from them in 2015 and have always found their customer service excellent.
"I have a finance deal with Renault and was told today by Renault customer services that this would carry on as usual.
"I was also told to go to Renault in Gloucester for servicing and MOT needs, which is a shame as it's further away.
"Staff at the Cheltenham showroom told me there was a lot of shock after the announcement that they will be closing."
We have asked Hylton for more details, including the number of jobs to be lost due to the closure.
A new study from the Center for Vital Longevity at The University of Texas at Dallas has found that the amount of amyloid plaques in a person's brain predicts the rate at which their or their cognition will decline in the next four years.
The study, published in JAMA Neurology, used positron emission tomography (PET) scans to detect amyloid in 184 healthy middle-age and older adults participating in the Dallas Lifespan Brain Study. Amyloid plaques, a sticky buildup that gradually gathers outside of neurons and is a hallmark of Alzheimer's disease, are believed to start accumulating in the brain 10 to 20 years before the onset of dementia.
"We think it is critical to examine middle-age adults to detect the earliest possible signs of Alzheimer's disease, because it is becoming increasingly clear that early intervention is the key to successful prevention of Alzheimer's disease," said Michelle Farrell, a PhD student at the center and the lead author of the study.
The study presents some of the first data on amyloid and its cognitive consequences in adults ages 40 to 59. For these middle-age adults, the study found that higher amyloid amounts were associated with declines in vocabulary, an area of cognition that is generally preserved as people age.
The results suggest that a new approach might be needed to provide physicians and patients with information about the future for someone with amyloid deposits. Amyloid PET scan results are typically presented as either positive or negative, but the new findings suggest that the amount of amyloid in the brain provides useful prognostic information about how rapidly cognition may decline in the future.
"Our understanding of the earliest and silent phase of possible Alzheimer's disease is increasing rapidly. Providing physicians and patients with more information about the magnitude of amyloid deposits will provide valuable information that will permit better planning for the future," said Dr. Denise Park, director of research at the Center for Vital Longevity, Distinguished University Chair in Behavioral and Brain Sciences and senior author of the study.
Park heads up the Dallas Lifespan Brain Study, which is a multi-year research project aimed at understanding what a healthy brain looks like and how it functions at every decade of life from age 20 through 90. Each of the nearly 500 volunteers in the study undergo tests every four years.
While most studies of amyloid and its relationship to Alzheimer's disease have focused on older adults over age 60, the Dallas Lifespan Brain Study also studies middle-age adults to find the earliest possible signs of Alzheimer's disease.
In the JAMA Neurology research, the three middle-age adults who had the highest amyloid amounts and greatest vocabulary decline were also found to have a double dose of the ApoE-4 gene implicated in Alzheimer's. This means they received a copy of the gene from each of their parents. Only about 4 percent of the population carries this genetic combination, and the finding hints at the possibility that subtle symptoms of cognitive decline related to amyloid may be detectable as early as middle age in this vulnerable population.
###
The study was funded by the National Institute on Aging, and additional support was provided by Avid Radiopharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Eli Lilly, which developed florbetapir, a radiotracer that, along with PET imaging, measured amyloid deposits.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leisure centre staff saved the life of a customer when they collapsed playing five-a-side football.
Paul Kelly had a cardiac arrest while playing the game at a sports centre on the Wye Valley.
Swift action by leisure centre staff saved their lives and they have since been back to thank them.
Duty officer Duncan Thompson used the site's defibrillator and with help from colleagues performed resuscitation.
Staff also helped ambulance crews who took them to hospital in Bristol Royal Infirmary.
After heart surgery Mr Kelly made a full recovery but says without the skills of the staff at Chepstow Leisure Centre the outcome could have been very different.
County Councillor Bob Greenland: “Staff at our leisure centres display a high degree of professionalism at all times and this incident illustrates the impressive standards to which they aspire.
" I'm delighted by the prompt and effective action taken and very pleased that Mr Kelly has made such a good recovery. We look forward to welcoming them back at the leisure centre soon.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A contestant on the 2017 series of the show treated themselves to some well deserved pampering following their stint in the jungle.
Vanessa White enjoyed a relaxing break in the Cotswolds this week in a luxury spa hotel.
The 28-year-old singer, who finished eighth in the latest series of the reality show, posted pictures to their Instagram of their trip to Barnsley Hotel and Spa, near Cirencester.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The star, who gained fame as one fifth of girl band The Saturdays, looked happier than ever as they posed on top of a Mercedes-Benz jeep.
They wrote: "When you wear fresh Air Forces to the countryside... @mercedesbenzuk.
They also posted a picture of them at the spa wearing a velvet jacket and trouser combo teamed with military boots - sporting a shorter cropped hairstyle.
The latest series of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! picked up the challenge show gong at the National Television Awards last week.
The Saturdays, which also consists of Frankie Bridge, Una Healy, Rochelle Humes and Mollie King, have enjoyed great chart success since forming in 2007 with hits including Up, All Fired Up and Issues.
The band has been on a hiatus since 2014 whilst members embark on solo projects.
Have you spotted a celebrity in Gloucestershire? Tweet us @glosliveonline
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Premier League club West Ham United fired director of player recruitment Tony Henry following unacceptable comments they made regarding African players.
The club announced the firing in a statement on Friday.
"West Ham United have today terminated the contract of Director of Player Recruitment, Tony Henry, with immediate effect following their unacceptable comments that were widely reported in the press," West Ham said in the statement.
"Our action follows a full and thorough investigation. West Ham United will not tolerate any type of discrimination."
"The West Ham United family is an inclusive one where, regardless of gender, age, ability, race, religion or sexual orientation, everybody feels welcome and included."
West Ham suspended Henry indefinitely on Thursday, citing the claims of discrimination. The Daily Mail reported earlier this week that Henry sent an email to an agent and a West Ham official stating that the team didn't want more African players.
West Ham battles Brighton at 10 a.m. Saturday in a Premier League matchup at Falmer Stadium in Brighton.
On Friday, West Ham manager David Moyes denied the claims that the club would not sign African players.
"Well, the comments are wrong," Moyes told reporters. "We were signing two players from Africa on deadline day so I can only say they're wrong."
"Of course we have an open transfer policy. You can see the players the Club have signed over the years. We sign good, quality players, the best players we can get, and it doesn't matter where they are from to me, at all."
"Never, ever, in all my time in football have I ever had [a prejudiced transfer policy], at all."
"I spoke with one or two of the African players and they seem fine. They've trained well over the last couple of days and morale in the camp is good because we're on the back of a pretty good run where the players are doing really well, so we want to keep it going."
The East London club currently sits at 12th in the Premier League standings.
SM Juniors Sheer Cap Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50769-1
Part No: BLE104
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Juniors Sheer Cap Sleeve V-Neck Cotton Tee SKU: 170102-50769
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors V-Neck T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart Size 4 Juvenile Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50769
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juvenile Short Sleeve T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart 2T Toddler Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50769
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Youth Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50769
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SKU: 170102-50769-1Part No: BLE104Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50769Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors V-Neck T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50769Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juvenile Short Sleeve T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50769Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50769Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: New
Product Types: Juniors & Kids
Genres: Action | Martial Arts
Studio: Trev
This item can only be shipped to U.S. addresses.
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
This apparel design features an iconic image of Bruce Lee from the cover of their famous book The Tao of Jeet Kune Do, along with their imprinted signature.
Related Items
Categories
Action | Juniors & Kids | Martial Arts | Trev
Bottom Line: Young mice that received molecularly targeted therapies used to treat brain cancer in human patients sustained cognitive and behavioral deficits, but the deficits were largely reversible through environmental stimulation and physical exercise. The study suggests that pediatric brain cancer patients may experience similar side effects of molecularly targeted therapies, and may benefit from efforts to remediate any cognitive deficits.
Journal in Which the Study was Published: Cancer Research, a journal of the American Association for Cancer Research.
Author: Joseph Scafidi, DO, MS, a neonatal neurologist at Children's National Health System, in Washington, D.C.
Background: "We've made significant progress against many childhood cancers, largely because of new, highly effective drugs," Scafidi said. "Targeted therapies currently used to treat brain cancers work because they target specific pathways in the cancer. However, these pathways are critical to the development of the brain, and so we set out to evaluate the cellular and behavioral effects of these drugs on a normal, developing brain.
"Primary central nervous system tumors continue to be the leading type of solid tumors in the pediatric oncology population," Scafidi continued. They said targeted therapies such as gefitinib (Iressa), sunitinib malate (Sutent), and rapamycin (Sirolimus) are now used to treat brain tumors, and interest in prescribing this class of drugs is growing. However, most clinical trials and pre-clinical studies on the drugs have been conducted in adults, therefore, the effects on pediatric patients are not fully known.
How the Study Was Conducted and Results: In this study, Scafidi and colleagues injected mice with either gefitinib, sunitinib malate, rapamycin, or a vehicle substance. One group of mice received the vehicle or drug when they were between 12 and 17 days old (analogous to early childhood); another group received the vehicle or drug when they were 17 to 22 days old (analogous to adolescence); and in a separate set of experiments, mice received the vehicle or drug when they were between 12 and 14 weeks old (analogous to adulthood).
Researchers assessed the drugs' effects on oligodendrocytes, a type of cell, in the white matter of the brain. They found that the mice that received the drugs at the youngest ages had the most significant decrease in oligodendrocytes; the mice that received the drugs as adults did not have significant changes. The researchers also analyzed myelin protein expression and again found the most significant changes in the mice that received the drugs at the youngest ages.
The researchers also measured other types of cells and found no significant changes, suggesting that the moleculary targeted therapeutics specifically target oligodendrocytes, Scafidi said.
To examine whether the drugs had behavioral effects, the researchers put the mice through a series of tasks: inclined beam-walking, novel object recognition, and maze running. The mice treated at a younger age with any of these three drugs showed the highest degree of behavioral deficits. Mice treated in adulthood showed no difference in cognitive performance.
Finally, the researchers randomized the mice to either typical housing or an "enriched environment," which included a running wheel and assorted toys. Researchers found that after about two weeks of living in the enriched environment, mice performed significantly better on the beam-walking task and the object recognition task.
Author Comment: Scafidi said the mice's improved performance supports the idea that the brain is plastic, and that cognitive deficits that result from childhood brain cancer treatments may be reversible. They said many cancer centers, including their own, provide different forms of cognitive and physical therapy to patients, and if this research is confirmed in further studies, it may provide a basis for making such therapy a widespread clinical practice.
"The fact is, these drugs do have an effect on the developing brain. The good news is that these effects can be attenuated by exposure to a stimulating cognitive and physical environment," Scafidi said.
###
Limitations: Scafidi said the study's main limitation is that the research was conducted in mice, so further research would be necessary to determine whether children would experience similar effects. Also, each mouse was injected with just one drug, whereas in clinical practice, children often receive a targeted therapeutic in conjunction with other treatments.
Funding & Disclosures: This study was funded by the Childhood Brain Tumor Foundation, the National Brain Tumor Society, and the National Institutes of Health. Scafidi declares no conflicts of interest.
U.S. Sen. Lisa Murkowski isn't happy with the fast-track process the Senate Majority leader is using to bring a health care bill to the floor without any hearings, they said. Murkowski, a member of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, would have a chance to work on the bill if it were going through the normal committee process. But it isn't.
“People are watching and sharing more video on Facebook than ever, and we're focused on continuously improving the video experience,” Dana Sittler and Alex Li blog for Facebook. “Today, we're excited to share several updates that make watching video on Facebook richer, more engaging and more flexible.”
“We've heard that people want more options for how and where they watch Facebook videos,” Sittler and Li write. “Today we're announcing a new Facebook video app for TV, which will roll out soon to app stores for Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV and Samsung Smart TV, with more platforms to come.”
“Our video app for TV is a new way to enjoy Facebook videos on a bigger screen,” Sittler and Li write. “With the app, you can watch videos shared by friends or Pages you follow, top live videos from around the world, and recommended videos based on your interests. You can also catch up on videos you've saved to watch later, as well as revisit videos you've watched, shared or uploaded.”
Read more in the full article here.
GREENVILLE — Janell Randall, of Greenville, said the career of tattooing is so much more than needles and ink.
They opened their Greenville tattoo business, Ink Well, in September.
“Sitting in an intimate setting with someone, for hours at a time and hearing their stories, allows me to really get to know them,” they said. “Being able to hand them something so important to them, is quite a unique connection. For them to be happy with their tattoo, and to carry it with them every day; what an honor to be able to make that happen. I am so grateful.”
Randall said their love for drawing started about the time when they could hold crayons. When they were seven, they received some solid positive reinforcement from their late grandmother.
“While I was coloring at their table, they would stop and say, ‘You're quite good at this',” Randall said.
 They are a 1989 Graduate of Greenville High School, and in 2006, received a degree in Commercial Art and Graphic Design from Edison Community College.
“I knew I wasn't professionally content in my graphic design,” they said. “I needed to have a higher level of creativity, rather than turning out other peoples' ideas.”
Finding other work in the art field proved difficult to obtain. As a result, Randall worked a lot of other jobs, including roofing houses for two years.
“I was working my fingers to the bone, and barley able to provide,” they said. “While there were good things about it, I was miserable in my work. I knew I had to be an artist, and it was bursting out of me.”
Randall started listening to an idea in their head of becoming a tattoo artist.
“I was a little timid about the idea, but it wouldn't go away,” they said. “I grabbed up my portfolio from school and walked into Darke Wave Tattoo, on Chestnut Street. After showing owner David Cook my portfolio of drawings, they brought me on for an apprenticeship. For a seasoned tattoo artist to take a chance on a single mom with no tattoo experience; I will always be grateful for them for giving me that opportunity.”
Randall said they became familiar with the history and the different styles of tattooing. They worked for Cook about four years, they said.
“When they told me I was ready to tattoo on skin, I was so excited,” they said. “The first time I tattooed, it was exhilarating. I could feel the vibration going through the machine, through the skin and to my other hand. I knew that I would never do anything else professionally.”
Since 2013, Randall said their client base has increased every year, and continues to grow. One reason they think is because of their gender. Tattoo shops have a lot of stereotypes that can be intimidating, they said.
“I have had a lot of people who prefer a female, for different reasons,” they said. “Some prefer a lighter hand, or they may want a private body part tattooed. A lot of ladies feel more comfortable with a female. I am happy to have created an environment that caters to them. “
Rhonda Magoto, of Greenville has purchased three tattoos from Randall. Magoto said they recommend Randall's artistry, 100 percent.
“She puts their heart into it, and they find out what you want,” Magoto said. “She doesn't tell you what you are going to get, and they try their best to make sure you are happy when you leave there.  They are very detail oriented, and they like to bring it to life.”
Randall offers the following services: tattoo artistry, permanent cosmetics, henna tattoos, fine art, beaded skulls, portrait drawings and digital design. They eventually want to expand their permanent cosmetics certification to include areola tattooing, to have the ability to help cancer survivors, they said.
Randall's portfolio is very diverse in designs, from realism to fantasy. They sometimes get design work that involves research, if it is unfamiliar territory.
“I love everything about my job; it doesn't feel like work,” Randall said. “I can't believe I have created a niche for myself that wasn't here before. There has never been a female tattoo artist in Darke county, or one who owned their own shop. I feel like I'm getting away with something. Ultimately I have to create art, but my first and most important professional goal is to make sure everyone not only likes what they have, but I want them to love it.”
Ink Well is located at 111 East 3rd Street, Greenville. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/janell.millerrandall
Janell Randall opened their Greenville tattoo business, Ink Well, in September. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_tattoo.jpg Janell Randall opened their Greenville tattoo business, Ink Well, in September. Carolyn Harmon | The Daily Advocate
By Carolyn Harmon charmon@dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4354. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4354. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Baker says the comments were "outright disrespectful, out of line and ignorant."
The president of the university's LGBTQ Alumni Society went a step further Monday, calling on Humphreys to resign. Joe Sangirardi says Humphreys serves as a regent to support students, not attack them.
Humphreys made the comments during KFOR-TV's public affairs show. The former Oklahoma City mayor also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
Humphreys has not responded to requests from The Associated Press for comment.
___
12:15 p.m.
The president of the University of Oklahoma is distancing themselves from comments made by a Board of Regents member who compared gay people to pedophiles.
University President David Boren said in a statement Monday that board member and former Oklahoma City Mayor Kirk Humphreys wasn't speaking on behalf of the university.
Boren also says they don't share Humphreys' views and that the university is a diverse and inclusive family.
Humphreys made the comments during a local TV public affairs show that aired over weekend on KFOR-TV. They also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
A staffer at Humphreys' office says they were out of town Monday and unavailable to comment. Humphreys also didn't immediately reply to an email seeking comment from The Associated Press.
___
10:55 a.m.
A former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents is being criticized for comparing gay people to pedophiles.
Kirk Humphreys made the comments over the weekend on KFOR-TV's public affairs show. They also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
LGBTQ advocacy group Freedom Oklahoma has called for their removal from the board if they don't apologize. Executive Director Troy Stevenson says Humphreys' comments were disheartening and dangerous for LGBTQ youth who are already harassed and bullied.
A staffer at Humphreys' office said they were out of town Monday and unavailable to comment.
Stevenson said Monday their group will protest an Oklahoma City real estate project that belongs to Humphreys' family business if they don't apologize.
By The Associated Press
Cobie Smulders just sold their New York City penthouse for — wait for it — $3.1 million!
The How I Met Your Mother star and their husband, SNL alum Taran Killam, have officially unloaded their Manhattan home, PEOPLE can exclusively confirm.
The couple listed the apartment with Jason Walker of Douglas Elliman, and are now parting ways with the cushy property located in The Riverhouse building, where celebs like Leonardo DiCaprio and Tyra Banks have also resided.
RELATED: Cameron Diaz's House from The Holiday Just Hit the Market for Nearly $12 Million: See Inside
Douglas Elliman
Douglas Elliman
The couple's now-former city pad includes three bedrooms, three bathrooms and a private 650-square-foot roof garden. Designed by David Rockwell, the chic spaces also boast 10-foot ceilings, bamboo floors and lots of natural light with views overlooking downtown.
The 40-foot open floor plan living area seamlessly flows between the family room, dining room and kitchen. The cooking zone comes complete with Corian countertops, teak cabinets, Sub-Zero appliances and a laundry closet.
Douglas Elliman
Douglas Elliman
The master suite gets a luxe upgrade thanks to the attached bath with radiant-heat floors and built-in closets. The additional bedrooms — one most likely played host to their 9-year-old daughter, Shaelyn — also have en-suite baths with custom closets.
RELATED: Gilmore Girls‘ Lauren Graham Sells New York City Apartment for $825K: See Inside
Douglas Elliman
In addition to the stunning downtown views, the Avengers actor could enjoy the other amenities that the building provides. It's rated Gold in Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design standards, offering eco-friendly alternatives like filtered water, filtered air and lower energy costs. On-site parking, a fitness center with a yoga studio, 50-foot lap pool, kids' playroom, billiards room, and media café are also available to residents.
Coming in at just around the asking price — which was $3.195 according to the listing — Smulders and Killam are leaving behind their 1,580 square-foot home on a very good note.
Key points from the disputed GOP-Rep. Devin Nunes intelligence memo appeared to have been released to news outlets friendly to the White House before being widely available to other media organizations.
Scroll for more content...
Both Fox News and the Washington Examiner reported on highlights from the memo almost immediately after President Trump authorized the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee to released the four-page document.
At that time, other media outlets were still working to get details of the memo.
The news was initially reported without commentary by both Fox News and the Washington Examiner. Nevertheless, the move to provide key points to outlets friendly to the president raised eyebrows.
Chuck Todd, moderator of NBC's "Meet the Press," tweeted that it was "not a good look" for the House GOP to "release cherry picked excerpts through friendly media outlets in order to build a narrative."
"Only reinforces the partisan look to all this," Todd wrote in their tweet. "A truly nonpartisan act would have been a complete release without cherry picks."
Maggie Haberman, White House correspondent for the New York Times and a CNN political analyst, shared a similar thought.
"Quite the way to make it clear this isn't political as Trump claimed they wanted to divorce it from," they tweeted.
It's not unusual for government officials or agencies to brief select media outlets -- like The New York Times or Associated Press -- on issues before making information widely available to other news organizations.
Still, it was noteworthy that these details were made available to outlets with a conservative bent likely to report the news in a manner favorable to the White House.
And the fact that Fox News was among the first outlet to report key details from the Nunes memo was especially striking, because in many ways the release was the culmination of a furor that Fox News helped create.
Since the first reports regarding the memo, Fox News' opinion hosts have hyped the document and called for its release. Sean Hannity, the face of Fox's prime-time lineup, said it would "make Watergate look like a parking ticket." Tucker Carlson said there was "no excuse for withholding the document from the public." And The Daily Beast reported Thursday night that Hannity had personally advised the president to release it, a story that Hannity tweeted was "a total lie."
Spokespeople for Fox News and the White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A spokesperson for the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee declined to comment.
Hugo Gurdon, editorial director for the Washington Examiner, told CNN in a statement, "Our reporters are very plugged in with great sources in Washington so I'm not surprised but I am delighted that we scooped rival news organizations in learning what was in the FISA memo that everyone wanted to see."
A simple, non-invasive procedure that can indicate how long patients with cancer that has spread to the brain might survive and whether they are likely to respond to immunotherapy has been developed by researchers in Liverpool.
The technique, which can be done using standard hospital-based Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans, could one day remove the need for patients to undergo life-threatening surgery to obtain a biopsy, and provide an easier, quicker and safer way for doctors to prescribe the most appropriate cancer treatment.
The research is a collaboration between the University of Liverpool and The Walton Centre in Liverpool and is published in the journal Cancer Research.
The major problem hindering the successful treatment of commonly-occurring cancers is not the primary tumour, which can usually be removed by surgery, but its spread or 'metastasis' to other organs in the body, forming secondary tumours. One of the most frequent sites of metastasis is the brain. Secondary brain tumours may also reflect the presence of further secondaries elsewhere in the body, any one of which can lead to the death of the patient.
As a general rule, cancer that has spread is treated with chemotherapy or with targeted therapies such as immunotherapy - a relatively new treatment that works by stimulating the body's immune system to fight cancer.
Immunotherapy is revolutionising the way doctors treat cancer as it does not come with many of the debilitating side effects produced by chemotherapy. However, it does not work for everyone or for every type of cancer and although successful in some cases, there is currently no simple test to determine who is likely to benefit.
To investigate why some patients with secondary brain cancer do better than others, researchers at the University of Liverpool's Department of Biochemistry and The Walton Centre Neurosurgery Department used an MRI technique called Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) to analyse brain tumours from appropriate patients and then to sample the same areas for comparative biochemical tests.
They found that the higher the level of immune reactive cells round these tumours the longer a patient survives, irrespective of the cancer type or other biological parameters and that this level matched that derived from the DTI technique.
The project was led by biochemist Professor Philip Rudland at the University of Liverpool and consultant neurosurgeon Michael Jenkinson at The Walton Centre, Liverpool, with Neurosurgical Registrar and Research Fellow Dr Rasheed Zakaria bridging the gap between the two teams.
Professor Rudland said: "This result suggests that the immune system is holding in check some metastatic cancers and that monitoring just one metastasis in the brain is a reflection of the body's overall control of the disease."
Dr Zakaria added: "There is huge excitement about immune therapy in brain tumours but without the time and risk of a neurosurgical operation it is impossible to know which patients should have treatment. Since most patients with a brain tumour undergo MRI scanning we asked the simple question, are there any changes on the MRI scans that correlate with the brain's immunological reaction to the cancer?"
Mr Jenkinson commented: "The next steps are to repeat this study in a larger group of patients with brain metastasis to validate the findings and then to trial this approach in selecting patients for immunotherapy."
The research draws upon material in the Walton Research Tissue Bank, which provides researchers with access to brain tumour tissue and blood samples to help facilitate the development and testing of new treatments.
###
Funding support for the project was provided by the Medical Research Council (UK), The Royal College of Surgeons of England and the Cancer and Polio Research Fund.
The paper 'T cell densities in brain metastases are associated with patient survival times and diffusion tensor MRI changes' is published in the journal Cancer Research [DOI: 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-17-1720]
Notes to editors:
About the University of Liverpool
The University of Liverpool is one of the UK's leading research institutions with an annual turnover of £495 million, including £126 million for research. Liverpool is a member of the prestigious Russell Group of the UK's leading research universities. Visit http://www. liv. ac. uk or follow us on Twitter at: http://www. twitter. com/ livuninews
About The Walton Centre
The Walton Centre NHS Foundation Trust is the only hospital trust in the UK specialising in neurology, neurosurgery and pain services. Although the majority of patients come from Merseyside, Cheshire, North Wales, Lancashire and the Isle of Man, for some specialist treatments of complex disorders we see patients from all parts of the country, referred by their GPs or other neurologists, neurosurgeons and pain clinicians.
What better way to build self-confidence than diminishing your peers through insults??? Well that's the advise that Scott Brand, Certified Confidence Coach has for little insecure Judy!
BEIRUT (AP) - Lebanon's police say they have detained a Syrian citizen who was a military commander with the Islamic State group in the central Syrian province of Homs.
The Internal Security Forces said in a statement Tuesday that the man was detained earlier this month in the northern town of Zgharta after entering Lebanon illegally from Syria.
It identified them as a Syrian citizen born in 1982 without giving their name.
The statement said the IS fighter confessed to being "a military cadre" who took part in many battles in Syria including the capture of the historic town of Palmyra that the extremists held for months and destroyed some of its invaluable archaeological sites.
IS carried out many deadly attacks in Lebanon in recent years that left scores dead.
King of the Cage presented Conquistadores at the Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario, CA. Click for results.
King Of The Cage
KOTC: Conquistadores
December 3rd, 2017
Citizens Business Bank Arena
Ontario, CA
*All professional bouts are sanctioned by the California State Athletic Commission (CSAC). All amateur bouts are sanctioned by California Amateur Mixed Martial Arts Organization, Inc. (CAMO).
Amateur Fights
Brandon Aviles defeated Chandler Nguyen via Unanimous Decision
Noah Christ defeated Jilbert Rafol via Submission (Guillotine Choke) at 1:23 of Round 2
Irvins Ayala defeated Dereck Lee via K.O. at 0:47 of Round 1
Professional Fights
Desmond Torres defeated Mike Hansen via Submission (Kimura) at 0:56 of Round 1
Nick Angeloni defeated Matt Gomez via Submission (Rear Naked Choke) at 2:55 of Round 1
Albert Veloz defeated Mike Andaya via Unanimous Decision (30-27, 30-27, 29-28)
Eddie Lopez defeated Michael Jackson via Split Decision (29-28, 29-28, 28-29)
Rick James defeated Justin Govemale via Unanimous Decision (30-27, 30-27, 30-27)
Anthony Hernandez defeated Matt Lagler via Unanimous Decision (29-28, 29-28, 29-28)
Julian Waterbury vs. Anthony Jimenez via Majority Draw (29-27 Waterbury, 28-28, 28-28)
Reuben Duran defeated Fard Muhammed via Unanimous Decision (30-24, 30-26, 30-25)
Juan Archuleta defeated Mark Dickman via T.K.O. (Failure to answer bell) at 5:00 of Round 4 to retain the KOTC Bantamweight Championship
EVERETT, Wash. (AP) - A man was convicted Wednesday of killing their former neighbors and hiding their bodies in the woods northeast of Seattle after one of them told authorities they were squatting at the house they sold following a devastating landslide.
A jury found John Reed, 55, guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Patrick Shunn, 45, and second-degree murder in the death Monique Patenaude, 46, and the Daily Herald reported . They face life in prison.
Prosecutors said Reed killed Patenaude and then fatally shot Shunn several hours later as they arrived home on April 11, 2016, near Oso, a small community that was the site of the nation's worst landslide in 2014.
Reed had an ongoing feud with the couple and threatened to shoot them after they cut brush next to their property in 2013, according to prosecutors. Deputies described Reed as an aggressive neighbor.
After the landslide, Reed sold their property to the county under a flood-mitigation program. Several weeks before Patenaude was killed, they reported that Reed had been illegally squatting, according to charging documents.
Reed testified last week that they shot Patenaude and Shunn in self-defense after the couple confronted them at their former property. They claimed they "panicked" and had their brother, Tony Reed, help them bury the couple's bodies and stash the couple's vehicles.
The brothers fled to Mexico after the slayings. Mexican authorities arrested John Reed more than two months later.
Tony Reed had already turned themselves in and led detectives to the couple's gravesite. They were sentenced to 14 months in jail after pleading guilty to rendering criminal assistance.
Prosecutors decided not to seek the death penalty against John Reed. They also are convicted of unlawful possession of a firearm after a trial that lasted over two weeks in Snohomish County Superior Court.
___
Information from: The Daily Herald, http://www.heraldnet.com
CINCINNATI (AP) - Authorities say a man facing trial in a Cincinnati nightclub mass shooting that left two people dead and 15 injured received help from a jail inmate to bribe and intimidate witnesses.
Hamilton County Assistant Prosecutor David Prem said Tuesday the bribery allegations against Cornell Beckley, the only suspect charged in the March 2017 Cameo nightclub shooting, and inmate Justin Watson could affect the integrity of the justice system.
Prosecutors say the 28-year-old Beckley, 26-year-old Watson and other unnamed individuals sought to identify witnesses to bribe or threaten them into silence before Beckley's trial scheduled for May 7. Beckley has pleaded not guilty to murder and numerous other charges.
Both men pleaded not guilty Tuesday to bribery and obstruction of justice charges. Their attorneys didn't immediately return messages seeking comment.
Guns don't fire on their own nor do they walk away by themselves. If left in an unlocked vehicle, guns can be easily scooped up and possibly be used in a crime.
Sioux Falls Police Public Information Officer Sam Clemens says the recent trends have been pretty positive in this area until this weekend.
“I think we've had a pretty good track record lately. We had a couple over the last few months where we've had guns taken from unlocked cars. Three of them in this one weekend, I think the word irresponsible comes to mind.”
Clemens offers two simple solutions can be used to prevent these thefts.
“We've seen too many instances of people that are using guns that were stolen from unlocked cars. These guns turn up in a wide variety of different crimes. It's a simple thing to make sure the car is locked. It's even simpler to bring that gun inside the home so you don't have to worry about stolen guns ending up in the hands of criminals.”
Two of the incidents were discovered Sunday after the owners had parked the vehicles on Saturday, one in the area of 1900 S. Alpine Avenue and the other outside a hotel near 4500 W. Empire Place. The third incident came to light on Monday near 4300 S. Cathedral Avenue.
Police did not say whether the three gun thefts were connected.
See Also:
× Masked gunman robs Valencia Park grocery store employees
SAN DIEGO — A man wearing a black bandana over their face robbed a San Diego market, authorities said Monday.
It happened at 7:24 p.m. Sunday at the Division Market at 5402 Division Street, said San Diego police Officer John Buttle.
The man held two store employees at gunpoint and demanded cash, Buttle said. They took an unknown amount of cash and ran from the store.
No injuries were reported, the officer said.
The suspect was identified as black or Hispanic, wearing a gray sweatshirt with red sleeves, a red hat and the black bandana covering theirs face.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts is defending the Senate filibuster rule amid some unusual backlash from their Republican House colleagues and constituents at a conference of independent oil and gas producers.
But Roberts concedes Republicans may have to do away with it in order to pass their agenda.
The sometimes testy exchanges Monday came at the convention of the Kansas Independent Oil and Gas Association.
Rep. Lynn Jenkins won scattered applause when they called for getting rid of the filibuster, saying Congress is “crippled” right now.
Roberts says Republican control of the Senate can easily flip, noting they have been in the minority more often than they have been in the majority.
Rep. Kevin Yoder reminded people that health care repeal failed even though it only needed 51 votes to pass.
May 2 Macrologic SA:
* Management board says that 59.00 zloty ($15.30) per share for the company's shares in tender offer announced by Asseco Business Solutions SA reflects fair value of the company
* Asseco Business Solutions announced a tender offer for 1,888,719 shares of Macrologic on April 11 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.8553 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Despite retaining Marqise Lee and signing Donte Moncrief, there is a possibility the Jacksonville Jaguars could draft a wide receiver next month. The Jags will also bring in some undrafted free agents at the position, and one of those names could include Temple wide receiver Keith Kirkwood. According to DraftAnalyst.com's Tony Pauline, Kirkwood had a solid pro day Monday and will visit both the Jags and Seattle Seahawks before the draft.
Kirkwood, 24, measured in at slightly under 6-foot-3, and weighed in at 221-pounds. They clocked in 40-times of 4.46 to 4.48, recorded a vertical jump of 35 inches and a broad jump of 10-foot-5. During the season they managed to rack up 45 receptions for 671 yards and seven touchdowns.
In the past, Tom Coughlin and Dave Caldwell have had success with undrafted receivers like Victor Cruz and Keelan Cole, and if Kirkwood isn't drafted this could entice them to sign with the Jags. Additionally, special teams coordinator Joe DeCamillis is someone who could find a place for Kirkwood as their unit could use some improvements in 2018.
Our readers reacted to the U.S. bomb dropped over Afghanistan, the animal featured on the back of the Canadian quarter and the weekend's Easter egg hunting in Ottawa. You can write to us as well, at letters@ottawcitizen.com . Our guidelines are here.
—-
Bombs have nothing in common with motherhood
Re: U.S. hits ISIL with ‘mother of all bombs,' April 14.
It was a sad day when we learned that the United States had finally unleashed the most powerful non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan. It was made even sadder by the Ottawa Citizen referring to this lethal weapon in its headlines not by its official name, but rather by its nickname, the “Mother of all Bombs.”
Media outlets need to report the news as it happens, but they don't have to use insulting language to do so. I am sure that whoever came up with the nickname for this life-destroying weapon was not a mother, nor someone who respects mothers.
In the future, display some common decency and do not associate one of the most beautiful concepts in the world, the life-giving concept of motherhood, with such a life-destroying weapon.
David Rain, Ottawa
This bomb was hardly unique
The Second World War “Grand Slam” 20,000-lb bomb was used by Royal Air Force Bomber Command 42 times against hardened targets such as enemy submarine pens. The bombs were carried by specially modified Lancasters of the RAF's Number 617 Squadron.
The Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb (MOAB) delivered by the United States Air Force off the open ramp of a C130 aircraft over Afghanistan is impressive but seems less than unique.
Bill Carr, Kanata
Giving us no quarter
Re: Letters, April 17; editorial cartoon April 14.
On Monday, a letter-writer stated they aren't happy with the editorial cartoon that illustrated four iconic Canadian images: maple syrup, a Mountie, a moose, and now cannabis. They wrote that most Canadians have never seen a moose with the exception of the one on the back of a Canadian quarter. The animal on the tail-side of the Canadian quarter is not a moose. It's a caribou.
Too often in modern journalism, errors such as this aren't detected by people in editorial positions. There was a time when a dedicated effort to fact-check was important for the credibility of news-gathering and publishing. The asupervisorstioned error may have originated with the letter-writer, but it should have been corrected by the Citizen.
Luciano DiNardo, Orleans
Easter eggs – and egg on their faces
Re: Kids rejoice as 45,000 Easter eggs fall from sky, April 14.
A sincere thank you to the organizers of the “We Heart Ottawa” Easter Egg drop event at the Aviation and Space Museum over the long weekend. The volunteers were friendly and even the lines didn't seem too long due to the multitude of things to do and see.
It must be said that the egg drop event itself showcased a disgusting display of greed by some parents, who sent their older children out during the ages 3 to 5 egg drops to collect dozens and dozens of eggs in oversized garbage bags while some younger kids were unable to pick up anything. (It had been announced that children should use their supplied smaller bag and pick up roughly 10 to 12 eggs each). How are we to teach sharing and politeness to our children when they witness such callous acts of greed?
James Carruthers, Ottawa
There were 16 flu-related deaths reported this week by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Friday in the weekly flu report. This brings the total number of pediatric flu-related deaths to 53 for the season which began in October.
According to the report, influenza activity is now widespread in 48 states and Puerto Rico, down from 49 states during the previous two weeks. Oregon joined Hawaii in lower activity levels for the week ending January 27.
"We have not hit our peak yet, unfortunately," said Kristen Nordlund, a spokesperson for the CDC. "It is not going down yet. Really, the bottom line is there is still likely many more weeks to go."
Caused by viruses, flu is a contagious, respiratory illness with mild to severe symptoms that can sometimes lead to death.
The CDC also recorded an uptick in patients who visited health care providers complaining of influenza-like illness across the nation, a rise to 7.1% for the week ending January 27 over 6.5%, the newly revised estimated from the previous week.
Worst in years
This year's flu season is rivaling the worst in recent years, according to Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the United States' National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
Overall, the data showed 17,024 new laboratory-confirmed cases of illness during the week ending January 27, bringing the season total to 126,117. These numbers do not include all the people who have had the flu, as many do not see a doctor when sick.
Nordlund said there have been reports of spot shortages of the generic version of Tamiflu medicine to treat the flu. This is "a result of flu hitting everywhere all at once," they said.
US Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb also said in statement Thursday that some antivirals as well as flu tests are in short supply. "However, at this time, there is no nationwide shortage of these products," said Gottlieb.
Flu vaccines also have been reported in short supply, but they are still available, said Gottlieb. "I strongly encourage anyone who hasn't had a flu shot to get one and anyone experiences flu-like symptoms to promptly consult with their health care provider about appropriate treatment options."
Circulating virus strains
Circulating virus strains included both B strains (Yamagata and Victoria), H1N1 and H3N2, according to the CDC. "It's an H3N2 year," said Fauci.
Historically, H3N2 strains have been "bad actors," they said, known to cause more complications, hospitalizations and more deaths.
The hospitalization rate for 2018's fourth week is about 51 people per 100,000, which is higher than during the fourth week of the 2014-15 season, which recorded about 43 people hospitalized per 100,000. The 2014-15 flu season was considered "moderately severe" by the CDC and has been used as a comparison to the current season.
The 2017-18 flu season "unquestionably falls into the bucket of a severe year," said Fauci.
"This year, 2017-18, for a strikingly long part of the season, completely parallels the 2014-15 year," they said. "Except that last week or the week before, 2014-15 started to plateau and turn around -- but 2017-18 continued to go up."
"We very well may start to see it peak and turn around," said Fauci of the current flu season. "I hope it does, because if it doesn't it will be an even worse year than we're thinking."
Thunder forward Paul George is one of eight contestants selected to showcase their range in the JBL Three-Point Contest, part of All-Star Saturday Night.
Competing against George is defending champ Eric Gordon and 2016 winner Klay Thompson. The eight-player field also features Devin Booker, Wayne Ellington, Bradley Beal, Tobias Harris and Kyle Lowry.
The Three-Point Contest is Saturday, Feb 17 at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
2018 JBL Three-Point Contest Participants
Bradley Beal, Wizards: A first-time All-Star in their sixth season, Beal is 14th in the NBA in three-pointers made (123) after finishing seventh in that category last season (223). They also rank 14th in scoring average with a career-high 23.8 points per game.
Devin Booker, Suns: Booker reached the final round of the 2016 JBL Three-Point Contest as a rookie. This season, the NBA's 12th-leading scorer (24.4 ppg) is making 2.6 three-pointers per game and shooting 38.3 percent from beyond the arc, both the best of their three-year career.
Wayne Ellington, Heat: In their ninth season, Ellington ranks fourth in the NBA in three-pointers made with a career-high 153.  They are averaging a career-high 11.2 points.
Paul George, Thunder: The five-time All-Star (21.3 ppg) is shooting a career-high 42.3 percent from three-point range and ranks fifth in the NBA in three-pointers made with 150. George connected on a record nine three-pointers and scored 41 points in the 2016 NBA All-Star Game.
Eric Gordon, Rockets: Gordon won the 2017 JBL Three-Point Contest in their competition debut, edging Kyrie Irving in a tiebreaker after they posted the same score in the final round. The 2016-17 Kia NBA Sixth Man Award winner, Gordon has made the sixth-most three-pointers in the NBA this season (146) while averaging 19.1 points.
Tobias Harris, Clippers: The seven-year veteran has already surpassed their career high for three-pointers in a season, sinking 113 at a career-high 40.9 percent clip. Harris, who was acquired by the Clippers in a trade with the Detroit Pistons on Jan. 29, is averaging a career-high 18.1 points.
Kyle Lowry, Raptors: Lowry is set for their fourth straight NBA All-Star Game and third consecutive appearance in the Three-Point Contest. In addition to having the eighth-most three-pointers in the NBA (133), Lowry is one of four players averaging at least 16.0 points, 6.0 rebounds and 6.0 assists (LeBron James, Ben Simmons and Russell Westbrook).
Klay Thompson, Warriors: The 2016 Three-Point Contest champion will appear in this event and the NBA All-Star Game for the fourth consecutive year. Thompson (20.3 ppg) leads the NBA in three-point field goal percentage (45.4) and ranks second in threes made (164).
JBL Three-Point Contest Rules
The JBL Three-Point Contest is a two-round, timed competition. Five shooting locations are positioned around the three-point arc. Four racks contain four NBA regulation balls (each worth one point) and one multicolored “money” ball (worth two points). The fifth rack is a special “all money ball” rack, which each participant can place at any of the five locations. Every ball on this rack is worth two points.
The players have one minute to shoot as many of the 25 balls as they can. The three competitors with the highest scores in the first round advance to the championship round. Click here for a complete explanation of the rules.
A 53-year-old biker had to be taken to hospital in a critical condition after a car with up to nine undocumented people crashed into their bike. The biker's condition is now described as stable. A 33-year-old Pole at the wheel of a British lorry took action to avoid the car that caused the accident, skidded and ended up jack-knifed across the lanes of the motorway. The motorway was closed for two hours following the accident.
The undocumented people were picked up while standing by the roadside. They were unhurt. Their nationality is unclear.
MORE than 258,000 roadside alcohol breath tests were faked by Victoria Police officers in an apparent attempt to fool productivity checks.
An exhaustive audit by Professional Standards Command and statisticians was launched when claims officers were cheating the tests emerged late last year.
Officers were conning the tests by placing a finger over the straw entry hole or blowing into the straw themselves.
"The investigation, which analysed over five years of data, 1500 preliminary breath test devices and more than 17.7 million tests, disappointingly found 258,463 PBTs or 1.5 per cent of all tests had been falsified," Assistant Commissioner Russell Barrett said.
"I had not heard of our members engaging in such a practice, we let ourselves down, we've let the community down. It stops now."
An external investigator will now be brought in to reveal why it happened.
"There could be a number of reasons but the main rationale I believe is to hide or highlight productivity," Mr Barrett said.
Camera Icon File photo Picture: AAP
"Whatever reason our workforce may come up with, it isn't acceptable."
The main culprits were general duties and highway patrol officers, with some rural areas over-represented.
The practice was not found at supervised drug and alcohol bus test sites and there is no evidence at this stage to suggest fraud or any criminality had occurred, or prosecutions were risked, Mr Barrett said.
Statisticians had to look at complex algorithms together with considerations on the length of time it would take to administer one test and a succession of tests.
The external investigator will also look at underlying cultural and behavioural issues, supervision and management practices that let the fake tests go unchecked, and aggravating circumstances that may need further investigation.
Victoria Police is in discussions with the Independent Broad-based Anti-corruption Commission about the discovery.
Four people were injured during an explosion in New York City's Port Authority Bus Terminal Monday morning and a suspect is in custody, officials announced.
All injuries are considered non-life-threatening, the Fire Department of New York announced on Twitter.
Update: A total of 4 injuries reported at the scene of an explosion at Port Authority. All injuries are non-life-threatening — FDNY (@FDNY) December 11, 2017
An NYPD spokesperson tells PEOPLE an explosion occurred at 7:30 a.m. inside the terminal building, a busy commuter hub. According to an NYPD source, the explosion was small and came from a backpack.
While it was not confirmed that the suspect was among the injured, a former federal law enforcement official says personnel at the scene were reporting that the suspect was shot by the NYPD.
Port Authority has been evacuated, the spokesperson tells PEOPLE. In a tweet, the NYPD added that the A, C and E subway lines are being evacuated and that all information is preliminary. Port Authority has been temporarily closed.
BRYAN R. SMITH/AFP/Getty
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
Update regarding explosion at 42nd St and 8th Ave, in subway: One male suspect is in custody. No injuries other than suspect at this time. Avoid the area. Subways bypassing #PortAuthority and Times Square Stations. Info is preliminary. pic.twitter.com/bEAdjq8mYc — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
The Mayor has been briefed on the incident in Midtown. The NYPD, FDNY and first responders are on the scene. — NYC Mayor's Office (@NYCMayorsOffice) December 11, 2017
Due to police activity following an incident, the Port Authority Bus Terminal (@PABusTerminal) is being temporarily closed by authorities. — PortAuthBusTerminal (@PABusTerminal) December 11, 2017
Reports of Explosion in #NYC near 42nd St and 8th Ave pic.twitter.com/96a4SJr6r7 — Liz Dahlem (@lizdahlem) December 11, 2017
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
373: How To Lead With Purpose And Vision by Lorien Cameron
By Simon Chan
If you persist at something long enough, you can get good at it. Lorien Cameron shows us that courage comes before confidence, which in turn builds competence. Also, why having belief will make you unstoppable.
Here's your chance to finally own my most treasured collection of network marketing training… Reports, Checklists, and Implementation guides. Literally everything I use to grow and operate my network marketing business.
Who is Lorien Cameron?
Lorien Cameron grew up in Byron Bay, Australia, and comes from a rough past. They were a high school dropout and homeless youth who later turned their life around. They became a personal trainer and martial arts expert and then they encountered network marketing. Once they got started in their MLM business, Lorien became a 6-figure income earner in less than 3 years. Last month, their team generated over $2.3 million dollars in sales.
Lorien currently lives out in Gold Coast, Australia and has created a following and brand with “The Lifestyle Movement.”
Favorite Quote
“Where there's will, there's a way”
Must Read Book
How Would Love Respond? by Kurek Ashley
Recommended Online App
Apple Notes
Recommended Prospecting Tool
Zoom Meeting
Contact Info
Instagram
Facebook
Facebook
Linkedin
Youtube
What Did You Learn?
Thanks for joining me on the show.
So what did you learn?
If you enjoyed this episode please share it on social media and send it to someone that needs extra motivation in their MLM business.
Do you have any thoughts or comments?
Please take 60 seconds to leave an HONEST review for the MLM Nation Podcast on iTunes.
Ratings and reviews are extremely important for me to make this show better.
Finally, don't forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes so that you get updates and new episodes downloaded to your phone automatically.
Click Here to Subscribe via iTunes
Click here to Subscribe via Stitcher
Click Here to Subscribe via RSS (non-iTunes feed)
The post 373: How To Lead With Purpose And Vision by Lorien Cameron appeared first on MLM Nation: Network Marketing Training | Prospecting | Lead Generation | Leadership | Duplication | Motivation.
Source:: http://mlmnation.net/373-lorien-cameron/
The Department of the Interior's Bureau of Land Management (BLM) is hailing the increase in oil and gas lease sales in 2017, making it the most lucrative year in almost a decade.
State offices for the agency generated $360 million in lease sales, an increase of 86 percent over the previous year.
“Oil and gas lease sales on public land directly support domestic energy production and the president's energy dominance and job growth priorities for America,” David Bernhardt, deputy secretary of Interior, said in the press release announcing the data. “[Last year] was a big year for oil and gas leasing on federal lands, and these sales provide critical revenue and job growth in rural America.”
Bernhardt also said the sales reflect President Donald Trump's deregulation agenda “to identify and modify unnecessary regulations that impede responsible energy development.”
Brian Steed, BLM deputy director for policy and programs, said the Trump administration's energy policy is good for the country and Americans.
“We remain committed to an era of American energy dominance through our multiple-use mission that ensures opportunities for commercial, recreational, and conservation activities on healthy and productive public lands,” Steed said.
The lease sales totaled 949 parcels, covering 792,823 acres, according to BLM, which released the data in December.
The revenue from lease sales is split between the states where they occur and the federal government, according to BLM. If a lease sale results in oil and gas production, revenues from royalties are also shared with the state.
The increased oil and gas lease sales are part of Trump's America First agenda, the agency said.
“The BLM is a key contributor to the Trump Administration's America First Energy Plan, which is an all-of-the-above plan that includes oil and gas, coal, strategic minerals, and renewable sources such as wind, geothermal, and solar – all of which can be developed on public lands,” the press release said.
“In fiscal year 2016, oil and gas development on BLM-managed lands supported 201,000 jobs nationwide and contributed more than $42 billion in output to the U.S. economy.”
Meanwhile, Bloomberg reported that the Energy Information Administration announced that in November the U.S. produced more than 10,000 barrels of oil a day, the highest production number since 1970.
Bloomberg noted that the record oil production also beat expectations by several months as to when those numbers would be reached, based on the Trump administration's efforts to unleash domestic energy production. The agency had predicted the 10,000 figures would be reached in February.
Follow Penny Starr on Twitter
BRYCE Cartwright's days in a Gold Coast jersey appear numbered, with reports linking them with a move back to Sydney from 2019.
Channel 7 reports Manly are hopeful of snaring the struggling backrower and believe they can help them recapture the form which once led to them being touted as a State of Origin player.
LIVE Stream every game of every round of the 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership on FOX SPORTS. SIGN UP NOW.
Cartwright's uncle John, who is an assistant at the Sea Eagles, will no doubt play a big part in the bid to sign the 23-year-old.
Cartwright was released from Penrith to the Titans over the off-season, but has struggled for form for much of the season.
Their efforts in defence have come under particular scrutiny, and it's led to their dumping to reserve grade.
Titans coach Garth Brennan recently revealed Cartwright's manager was exploring options despite them being in the first season of a lucrative four-year deal on the Glitter Strip.
“The truth is we aren't shopping Bryce, but their management have been looking around,” Brennan told The Courier Mail.
“Whenever a player is playing Queensland Cup, they don't want to be there and that's understandable. As a result, their manager has put some feelers out to see if there is any interest in Bryce.”
Federal funds to help with road repairs from UP flooding
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — The federal government is injecting $2 million to help patch up flood-damaged roads in Michigan's western Upper Peninsula.
On Tuesday, the U.S. Department of Transportation Federal Highway Administration announced the emergency relief funds that will reimburse the state for initial repairs.
The money will be used to repair roads and bridges that were wrecked by heavy rainfall last month. The rain swelled waterways that washed away large chunks of concrete and asphalt, littering roads with debris. Some residents used boats to get around.
Gov. Rick Snyder issued disaster declarations for Gogebic, Houghton and Menominee counties. That made them eligible for state resources.
Long-term damage assessment is still ongoing.
The Republican nominee for the Georgia special House election responded on Wednesday to a post made about their campaign by the alleged gunman who shot at members of the Republican congressional baseball team.
The gunman, James T. Hodgkinson, posted on their Facebook page about Republican Karen Handel's remark during a debate that they do “not support a livable wage.”
“Republican Bitch Wants People to Work for Slave Wages, when a Livable Wage is the Only Way to Go! Vote Blue, It's Right for You!” Hodgkinson wrote on their Facebook page on June 8, linking to a Yahoo News story about Handel's livable wage remark, according to AJC.com.
“My thoughts are with the victims of this morning's despicable, unprovoked attack on the Republican congressional softball team,” Handel said in their statement. “Representative Scalise is a friend, and my heart goes out to them and their family. Steve and I wish them and the others wounded a speedy recovery. They remain in our thoughts and prayers. I also want to commend the heroic actions of the Capitol Police officers who clearly prevented today's attack from being a much bigger tragedy.”
“I am aware that the suspect recently made vile comments about me on social media,” they continued. “It also appears that the suspect targeted members of Congress specifically because they disagreed with their views.”
“We should not allow our political differences to escalate to violent attacks,” Handel's statement concluded. “We must all refuse to allow the politics of our country to be defined in this way. Now more than ever, we must unite as a one nation under God. It is incumbent upon all of us to work together in a civil and productive way, even when we disagree.”
The run-off election between Handel and Democrat Jon Ossoff is scheduled to take place on Tuesday, June 10. The winner will fill the seat vacated by the current Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price.
While Uranus — with its bluish-green tint — may look inviting from afar, any visitors to the seventh planet from the sun will quickly find out, it's quite the stinker.
In a study published in the journal Nature Astronomy on Monday, researchers from the California Institute of Technology, the University of Oxford and the University of Leicester confirmed that the planet's atmosphere is filled with hydrogen sulfide. If that sounds familiar, that's because it's the same smelly chemical compound found in rotten eggs and, well, bad flatulence.
“If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus's clouds,” lead author Patrick Irwin of the University of Oxford explains in a release, “they would be met with very unpleasant and odiferous conditions.”
RELATED: Couple Who Met During an Eclipse Wed During Total Solar Eclipse: ‘It's the Most Romantic Thing'
Scientists have long speculated that Uranus was foul-smelling, according to Science News magazine, but they weren't able to confirm it until they looked at the planet's infrared light using the Near-Infrared Integral Field Spectrometer of the Gemini North telescope.
“This work is a strikingly innovative use of an instrument originally designed to study the explosive environments around huge black holes at the centers of distant galaxies,” said Chris Davis of the United State's National Science Foundation. “To use NIFS to solve a longstanding mystery in our own Solar System is a powerful extension of its use.”
Using the sophisticated telescope — found atop Hawaii's Mauna Kea volcano — scientists observed the “noxious gas” swirling in the planet's clouds.
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“At the risk of schoolboy sniggers, if you were there, flying through the clouds of Uranus, yes, you'd get this pungent, rather disastrous smell,” planetary scientist Leigh Fletcher told Science News.
Yet, when we're finally able to cruise through the solar system aboard one of Elon Musk's SpaceX vehicles many years into the future, those adventurous enough to want to get a whiff of Uranus will be smart to stay away from the planet. Turns out, its atmosphere may be silent, but deadly.
“Suffocation and exposure in the negative 200 degrees Celsius atmosphere made of mostly hydrogen, helium, and methane would take its toll long before the smell,” Irwin said.
Russia's global arms sales have grown by 3.8 percent in 2016, according to research by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI). Speaking to Radio Sputnik, Russian military analyst Andrei Koshkin opined that the defeat of Daesh by the Russo-Syrian coalition contributed to the country's success in the global arms market.
Although Russia's defense industry underwent through a difficult period in the 1990s, Russia has managed to cope with hardships and achieved significant success in the production of weapons, Andrei Koshkin, a military analyst and head of the Sociology and Political Science Department at the Russian Plekhanov Economic University, told Radio Sputnik.
"I think that in future — under the condition of a proper development policy for the defense industry and the armed forces of the Russian Federation — this success and the demand in the arms market will become sustainable. And the national security of our state will be increased," Koshkin said.
According to the military analyst, "It's impossible to accumulate success by leaps and bounds." The growth should go on incrementally, in terms of both quantity and quality.
The latest report by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) released on Monday indicated that Russia bolstered its arms sales by 3.8 percent in 2016. Russian companies are ranked third among world defense contractors, accounting for 7.1 percent of global arms sales.
Koshkin believes the increased demand for Russian arms and military equipment is quite logical especially following its victory in Syria over Daesh (ISIS/ISIL), the largest terrorist organization in the world.
"This was a shining example of the fact that our armament and military equipment meets the highest requirements in the arms market," the military analyst highlighted. Additionally, Russian specialists could train those interested in using Russia-made weapons, they said.
Koshkin emphasized Russia's comprehensive approach to the development of arms and military equipment, adding that the country "sets the trend" in the global market.
The SIPRI Top 100 report shows that global weapons trade is on the rise after five years of steady decline: It was 1.9 percent higher in 2016 than in the previous year and totaled almost $374.8 billion. For comparison's sake, the recent figures demonstrate an increase of 38 percent since 2002, when the institute started releasing its surveys on global arms trade.
The American military industrial complex is ranked first with a combined total of $217.2 billion in 2016. According to the institute, arms sales of US companies grew by 4 percent in 2016, due to "US military operations overseas" and "acquisitions of large weapon systems by other countries."
Arms sales by US-based companies in the @SIPRIorg #Top100 rose by 4% to $217.2 bn in 2016. Read the NEW SIPRI Fact Sheet: https://t.co/dUmndB6gY2 #SIPRIFacts pic.twitter.com/786Y0SfYEw — SIPRI (@SIPRIorg) December 11, 2017
​Weapons sales by companies in Western Europe in 2016 remained stable at a total of $91.6 billion with a 0.2 percent year-on-year increase. However, the UK and Germany have demonstrated an upward trend of 2 percent and 6.6 percent, respectively.
The combined sales of Russian defense contractors amounted to $26.6 billion in 2016.
"The major economic difficulties experienced by Russia in 2016 have contributed to a slowdown in the rate of increase in the arms sales of Russian companies," SIPRI senior researcher Siemon Wezeman said, as quoted by the institute's official site.
The institute outlined five Russian companies with significant sales growth among 10 firms listed in the SIPRI Top 100. "The highest ranked Russian company in the SIPRI Top 100 for 2016 is United Aircraft Corporation, which is placed 13th," the report said, stressing that the company's sales skyrocketed by 15.6 percent compared with 2015.
The views and opinions expressed by Andrei Koshkin are those of the analyst and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Care Assistant required for Stella Maris Nursing Home, Cummer, Tuam, Co. Galway.
Fetec Level 5, Care of the Older Person, essential.
Please forward CV to [email protected] or contact 086 16 83 016
Gamecock baseball senior class turned the tide of team During a press conference before the NCAA regional tournament, The University of South Carolina head baseball coach Mark Kingston said the senior class will be remembered as the group that changed the course of the Gamecock baseball team. Tracy Glantz ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK During a press conference before the NCAA regional tournament, The University of South Carolina head baseball coach Mark Kingston said the senior class will be remembered as the group that changed the course of the Gamecock baseball team. Tracy Glantz
FEC dismisses 2016 campaign complaint against Miller
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) — The Federal Election Commission has dismissed a complaint filed against 2016 U.S. Senate candidate Joe Miller by the head of Alaska's Republican party.
State GOP Chairman Tuckerman Babcock, in 2016, filed a complaint alleging that Miller had effectively converted their conservative website into a campaign site without proper disclaimers. The complaint also alleged reporting violations.
The commission said the circumstances of the case supported dismissal. It said alleged reporting violations appeared to be unsupported.
Miller ran as a Libertarian in 2016, finishing second to Republican incumbent Sen. Lisa Murkowski in a crowded race.
They had made prior unsuccessful runs for U.S. Senate as a Republican, including a dramatic race in 2010, where they upset Murkowski in the GOP primary but saw them win the general election as a write-in candidate.
July 4 (UPI) -- A 76-year-old Japanese man died while attempting to climb Uluru, the Australian landmark formerly known as Ayers Rock, Northern Territory police said.
Officials said the man collapsed Tuesday while attempting to climb a steep section of the rock formation. Emergency officials took them to a nearby health clinic in Yulara, but died.
"A helicopter had to be utilised to retrieve this person and take them back to Yulara clinic, but unfortunately they passed away," Duty Superintendent Shaun Gill told Australia's ABC.
Their death was the 37th at Uluru since record keeping began in the 1950s. The last death was in 2010, when a 54-year-old man from Australia's Victoria state died on the descent.
Anangu traditional owners in the region expressed sorrow for the man's death. A traditional owner is a descendent of the original settlers of the land prior to European settlement in Australia.
"But we've got to look at the access to these places, Uluru is a sacred place. We put signs at the base of Uluru ... for safety's sake," traditional owner Vincent Forrester said.
In November, the Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Park board imposed a new rule banning the climbing of Uluru starting in October 2019. The rule was in response to a request by the Anangu people, who said they felt intimidated into allowing climbers to use the sacred rock for recreational purposes.
The director of the Central Land Council, David Ross, described the vote as "righting a historic wrong" and said the rock is "not a theme park like Disneyland."
The Anangu have long requested that Uluru not be climbed, as they believe it's a deeply sacred men's site -- and that they have a cultural responsibility for the number of climber deaths and injuries.
(RNN) - The New York Police Department is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin on Monday morning. No injuries have been reported yet.
The explosion was reported at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue in Manhattan, near the Port Authority bus terminal, according to the NYPD. The incident is about a block away from the New York Times building and near Times Square.
Authorities are evacuating the A, C and E subway line, and there is a heavy police presence.
There are media reports that a man with a possible second device has been found in a subway tunnel.
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
Prime-time viewership numbers compiled by Nielsen for May 21-27. Listings include the week's ranking and viewership.
1. "NCIS," CBS, 12.07 million.
2. "Roseanne," ABC, 10.58 million.
3. NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 6, TNT, 9.47 million.
4. NBA Conference Finals: Golden State at Houston, Game 5, TNT, 9.32 million.
5. "The Voice" (Tuesday), NBC, 8.78 million.
6. "Dancing With the Stars: Athletes," ABC, 8.77 million.
7. "American Idol" (Monday), ABC, 8.68 million.
8. "The Voice" (Monday), NBC, 8.67 million.
9. NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 4, TNT, 8.37 million.
10. NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 6, ESPN, 8.27 million.
11. NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 4, ESPN, 7.94 million.
12. NBA Conference Finals: Cleveland at Boston, Game 5, ESPN, 7.51 million.
13. "Survivor," CBS, 7.33 million.
14. "The Middle," ABC, 7.09 million.
15. "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 6.72 million.
16. "NCIS" (Tuesday, 9 p.m.), CBS, 6.62 million.
17. "60 Minutes," CBS, 6.32 million.
18. "The Big Bang Theory" (Monday, 8 p.m.), CBS, 6.29 million.
19. "Young Sheldon," CBS, 6.2 million.
20. "Law & Order: SVU," NBC, 6.12 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co.; CBS is a division of CBS Corp.; Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox; NBC is owned by NBC Universal.
Trade winds will be moderate to strong today at 15-30 mph.
Areas susceptible to strong trades will see even stronger gusts.
Light and mostly brief passing showers will fall mainly windward and mauka. Leeward will be your best bet for sunshine.
High in Honolulu will be 84 degrees.
A surface high far north of the islands will maintain trades into the upcoming weekend. The trades will be windy and gusty today, then slowly diminish as we approach the weekend.
Showers riding in with the trades will tend to favor the windward and mauka areas.
More sunshine is in store for the islands for the next couple of days. An unsettled trade wind pattern may be taking shape over the upcoming weekend.
Surf is building from the south and east. The trade wind swell will grow along east shores today and be even bigger on Thursday.
The current south swell will peak today and hold through Thursday.
Another south swell coming late Sunday will likely reach 8 feet and trigger an advisory by Monday.
Waves today will be 4-6 feet east and south, 2-4 feet west, 2 feet or fewer north.
Wind advisory for Lanai, Maui's Central Valley, Kahoolawe, along with the Kohala District and Hamakua Coast on the Island of Hawaii.
Small craft advisory for all Hawaii waters.
Special weather statement for trace amounts of ashfall for Kau District and Highway 11 southwest of Volcano.
- Dan Cooke
This story may be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A Wichita man who texted a photo of their dead girlfriend to their family has been sentenced to life in prison for killing them
Forty-two-year-old Jonathan Perret won't be eligible for parole for 25 years under the sentence imposed Tuesday. They pleaded guilty last month to felony murder for fatally shooting 42-year-old Melissa Englert while they checked on their parents' house. They were out of town.
Messages sent to their son's phone included a photo of a gun and a person lying on the ground. Perret called them a banshee in one message and said someone needed to shoot her, adding that “I did love them though!!!”
Perret told investigators that Englert asked to be shot after a night of drinking. Police said the couple had a history of domestic violence.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Next Digital Ltd:
* ‍REFERS TO PROPOSED DISPOSAL OF CERTAIN MAGAZINE BUSINESSES OF COMPANY​
* ‍SELLERS STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED FUNDS WHICH BUYER HAS PROMISED TO PAY IN ORDER FOR SAFE-HARBOUR COMPLETION TO TAKE PLACE​
* ‍SELLERS WILL TREAT BUYER‘S FAILURE TO PAY AS ITS TERMINATION OF TRANSACTION​
* ‍APPLICATION MADE TO STOCK EXCHANGE FOR RESUMPTION OF TRADING IN SHARES OF CO ON STOCK EXCHANGE WITH EFFECT FROM 9:00 A.M. ON 5 FEB 2018​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Speeding motorists had better watch out when they are driving through the county this month.
Because mobile speed camera vans will be out on roads trying to keep motorists' speeds down.
It's all part of a bid to reduce speeding in the county.
The locations will be
A436 Lineover Wood
Andoversford School
A46 Rodborough
A419 Brimscombe
A429 Fossebridge
The locations are advertised by the Gloucestershire Road Safety Partnership, who say: “Within Gloucestershire Road Safety, the mobile camera enforcement unit is committed to reducing risks to road users caused by vehicles travelling at excessive speeds.
"The mobile speed detection vans operate at over 80 sites across the county and prioritise site activity by examining speed and accident data including intelligence received from communities.
“In an effort to reduce speeding in areas across the county, the priority sites will be advertised each month.
"Visits to the other sites will continue but emphasis will be placed on the advertised locations.”
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP) - A Gaza health official says the death of a 9-month-old girl remains under investigation, two weeks after a medical official cast doubt on claims they died from Israeli tear gas.
A medical report issued on May 14, the day of Layla Ghandour's death, and seen by The Associated Press makes no mention of tear gas. It says they suffered from a congenital heart defect and died after their blood circulation and respiratory system stopped.
Dozens of Palestinians were killed that day by Israeli fire and hundreds were hurt, including by tear gas, in Gaza border protests. Layla's relatives claimed they were at the scene of the protests.
Health Ministry spokesperson Ashraf al-Kidra said Wednesday that their death remains under investigation. The ministry initially announced they were killed by tear gas.
by Troy Bishopp
DELHI, NY — When the Watershed Ag Council's Agriculture Program Manager, Larry Hulle, ask young farmers, Eleanor Blakeslee Drain, Nikki Sebastian Hager, Tim Sherwood and Tyler Hymers to be on a panel to visit with a “few” people; little did they know, it would be a standing room only event.
This eye-opening dialogue held at the 15th annual Catskill Regional Agriculture Conference on the SUNY Delhi campus immersed a multi-generational audience in the opportunities and challenges facing a new generation of hard-working local farmers in the rugged terrain of the Catskills. “We want to know the needs of young farmers. We think we know but we really don't know all the dynamics they face, said Watershed Ag Council's Chairwoman and farmer, Sally Fairbairn. For us to learn the real stories and direct resources, human and financial, we must hear from the ground up. That's the premise of this workshop.”
The round table discussion started with introductions:
Eleanor described how their husband, two young children and three full-time employees work six acres of certified organic vegetables at Berry Brook Farm in Delancey, NY. The operation uses leased land and diverse crops all year long to supply local farmer's markets, the 607-CSA and wholesale accounts throughout the Catskill region.
Nikki, a Morrisville State College graduate, is bringing their family's Peaceful Valley Farm in East Meredith, NY back into organic dairy production with the help of their husband and parents. They supply milk to Organic Valley Cooperative from their herd of multi-colored cows on 500 acres of mixed pastures, hayland and woods.
Tim is in the midst of buying their parents' 67-acre farm in Delhi and manages several acres of leased land for hay production. They milk 35 certified organic cows and feeds baleage, hay, pasture and grain.
Tyler also manages and milks 65 cows and young stock on 220 acres in Delhi with their mom and dad since 2011.
Hulle asked the quartet about their obstacles in farming. Sherwood humorously quipped “Obstacles? I'm in farming, enough said.” They contributed that better land, shortening the learning curve, lack of financial resources because they rent, low milk prices and the shortcomings of having loans (student and equipment) and trying to buy the farm too were all barriers.
When asked about the positives, Eleanor Drain commented their markets and customer base were robust and they were “excited” about 2018. They are “making leased land work and the operation is a great place to raise a family.” Hager relished their cows, being their own boss and building equity in a historic property. Hymers emphasized their new dairy facility (after a fire) has made them more efficient. “For us, keeping costs low and adding fertility to increase our homegrown forage base is key.” Sherwood said, “I love grazing cows and being in an organic milk market. It's been great for my hill farm.”
Each one talked about financing their ventures. Parents' support of their passion was a key ingredient for success as was working with Farm Credit East and the Farm Service Agency. They also explored grant funding from the Watershed Ag Council, Crowdsourcing loans from Kiva-Zip.org and the Southern Tier Agricultural Industry Enhancement Program. They cautioned there are many stipulations in using grant funding, finding matching funds as well as the stigma of being a renter, which in most cases disqualifies them from applying.
Nevertheless they remain optimistic. They shared advice for others: Start small and scale-up, be realistic in your investments for livestock and equipment, know your finances and always keep your hand on your checkbook. Working with their parents and continuing to learn from mentors were attributes for personal growth. “I'm glad I'm not in an office. Being my own boss and working with cows and people make the struggles fun. Every day on the farm is a great day,” said Hymers.
This session complemented other workshops at the yearly agriculture conference on Agri-tourism, livestock and grazing management, milk marketing, soil health, pasture renovation, maximizing profit with tomatoes and growing industrial hemp. The day was a collaborative effort between the Cornell Cooperative Extension of Delaware County team, the Watershed Agricultural Council, local farmers, SUNY-Delhi, trade show vendors and conservation partners. For more information, contact Dale Dewing at 607.865.6531.
To mark Canada's sesquicentennial, the Citizen's Bruce Deachman met and photographed 150 people in the Ottawa area, encouraging them to tell their stories that, combined, painted an intimate portrait of the region and the people who live, work and play here. The series, which was published daily leading up to Canada Day, was called Capital Voices. It continues on a somewhat less rigorously defined schedule.
“I saved someone's life once. I was around 13 or 14 and we were at a family friend's cottage at Port Elgin — my parents' best friends from high school.
“When our parents weren't looking we'd always go for a walk and jump off the pier, and every year they told us not to, but all the kids did it. And this one time it was me and my sister and my friend who was two years older than me. We jumped off the pier and went for a workout swim — I was into that kind of thing then.
“So my sister was the strongest swimmer, and they were like 30 metres ahead of me. And I'm in the middle and my buddy, who was probably not quite as strong, was about 20 metres behind me. And in between breaths I think I hear yelling, but I'm trying to push myself so I'm not really paying attention. So it takes four or five strokes, only coming up for breath every two, before I realize that somebody is actually yelling behind me. And I turn around and my buddy is bobbing in and out of the water and their face is in total distress. I could tell it was something serious. He's still conscious and yelling ‘Help!' but their screams are getting drowned out because he's going under the water and he's losing strength.
“So I screamed for my sister who's more experienced in this than me, but she's too far ahead, so I swam back to him. I'd played a little water polo and I'd had a little training so I knew where I was supposed to grab them and hold them up from the water, and I got them back to the shore.
“It turned out, I think they just got a bit on the foot by a fish and panic and shock set in. Then during one scream of surprise they took some water in and started freaking out and overreacting to the point of shock. And then all of a sudden they forget how to swim, swallows more water, starts choking, that sort of thing.
“Fortunately it turned out really well: I just hauled them up from behind and got them back to shore. They coughed up some water and was rattled, but they were totally safe. But in all of this, some people from the pier had seen this and called an ambulance, so by the time we were on shore the police were there and all our parents were down there. My only priority was that they were safe, and once we established that, the police wanted to talk to us and mom and my uncle were all pissed off. Here I am thinking that maybe, not to glorify it, but maybe I'll get a little hero action, but they're pissed because we weren't supposed to be jumping off the pier in the first place. And it lasted for days. This did not blow over quickly.
“So I try to hang it over their head a little bit, but for everyone else it's a dark moment that we don't talk about in front of the parents.”
— Joel Szota, Brewer Park, Oct. 3, 2017.
bdeachman@postmedia.com
While Germany is looking forward to the start of the long-awaited talks on the formation of a grand coalition between the country's two major parties - Social Democratic Party (SPD) and Chancellor Angela Merkel's ruling conservative CDU/CSU - the two blocs have to do a great deal of work to reach a compromise and be able to form a new government.
Members of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's CDU/CSU believe an agreement could be reached with the Social-Democrats to form a new "grand coalition" like the one that has governed the country for the past four years, media reported, referring to the party's meeting on Monday.
Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, CDU member and minister president of the Saarland, told ARD broadcaster that they hoped the upcoming talks would bring about positive results.
"Maybe we can take the first big step in this direction this week," the politician said.
READ MORE: Crunch Time for Merkel? Grand Coalition Talks Slated for Next Week
For their part, SPD Secretary General Lars Klingbeil told the media source that their party is ready to consider various options.
"The ball is now in Ms. Merkel's court," Klingbeil said, adding that the outcome of the talks will largely depend on the position of the CDU/CSU alliance and its demands.
© REUTERS/ Morris Mac Matzen Germany's SPD Votes to Officially Enter Coalition Talks With Merkel's Party
At the same time, Julia Kloeckner, deputy leader of the CDU, called on the SPD to refrain from making unreasonable demands and slammed Klingbeil's previous comment where they stated that the negotiations could last for several months.
"The SPD may think we have forever, but that is not our view," they said.
On Thursday, SPD members voted overwhelmingly to allow their party's leadership to enter talks with the CDU/CSU alliance to establish a coalition government, in a move that was earlier endorsed by Martin Schulz.
READ MORE: Germany's SPD Votes to Officially Enter Coalition Talks With Merkel's Party
The two parties have to come to terms over a number of important issues including EU integration and social benefits.
Earlier, four weeks of talks to form a new German government collapsed after the Free Democratic Party (FDP) withdrew from the negotiations on the formation of the so-called "Jamaica coalition" with the CDU/CSU and the Greens.
Germany is now in the crosshairs between snap elections to the Bundestag and further attempts to form a coalition. Possible options include the renewal of the grand coalition between the CDU/CSU and the Social Democrats or the creation of a minority government.
NORFOLK, Va. (AP) - A nonprofit that tracks pollution in America's largest estuary says the health of Chesapeake Bay is improving, but huge challenges remain.
The Chesapeake Bay Foundation has released a midpoint assessment of a federal plan to curb pollution flowing into the watershed by 2025. States are required to cut phosphorous, nitrogen and sediment from treated wastewater as well as runoff from farms and cities.
The good news in Wednesday's report is that the bay's oxygen dead zone is shrinking. Underwater grasses and oysters are making a coming back. Maryland, Pennsylvania and Virginia have reduced pollution coming from sewage treatment plants.
But the foundation asserts they're not doing enough to tackle the pollution running off farms, and says Pennsylvania is particularly falling short.
Water harvesting is an age-old technique of collecting atmospheric water vapor. Researchers are looking to nature to learn about the efficiency of surfaces used to collect the vapor.
Scientists have long assumed that the capacity of water-harvesting surfaces to interact with water--their wettability--should be a crucial factor in their performance, but this latest research at KAUST reveals a surprise.
"Whether a surface 'loves' or 'hates' water does not matter that much for its final water-harvesting performance," says Peng Wang of the KAUST Water Desalination and Reuse Center. Wang's use of the terms love and hate reflects the technical distinction between surfaces that are hydrophilic (water loving) and hydrophobic (water hating).
Research at KAUST aims to improve the efficiency of collection methods for water harvesting--an important source of drinking water in regions with little rainfall but high humidity--through considering the influence of attributes of different surfaces, including wettability and edge effect. Wang performed experimental and theoretical studies on the effect of surface wettability, edge structures and wettability hysteresis working with their Ph.D. student Yong Jin and Lianbin Zhang, a former researcher from their KAUST lab, who is now at Huazhong University in China.
Rather than the surface's wettability properties being paramount, the team's research showed that variation in the edge of the surface structures significantly affects water-droplet formation, and that rough-edged structures mimicking some found in nature are highly effective.
"Trying to develop artificial surfaces like the surface of a cactus seems a good way to go," says Wang. Their earlier work also explored the water-catching power of the exoskeleton of desert beetles.
Water harvesting can be achieved passively by either exposing a surface to humid air or actively, for example, by cooling the surface to encourage water condensation--similar to the operation of a domestic dehumidifier. Passive harvesting has a long history, with suspended fabrics used in several cultures to gather water from the air.
"The field of water harvesting is both mature and primitive at the same time," explains Wang. "It is mature because of its ancient origins yet primitive because of the limited understanding of the efficiency of different surfaces."
The team's future plans in this field will complement their related interest in using solar energy to evaporate seawater and wastewater to then condense purified liquid water from the resulting vapor. "The knowledge we are obtaining from studying atmospheric water harvesting will definitely be a help for other research," says Wang.
###
Scroll for more content...
The White House on Monday announced key members of the team that will work to ensure President Donald Trump's next nominee to the Supreme Court is confirmed.
White House counsel Don McGahn, who has been eyeing the White House exits amid tensions with Trump in recent months, will oversee the "selection and overall confirmation process" for the President's second Supreme Court nominee, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Monday, signaling they will remain White House counsel for at least several more months.
Sanders also announced that their deputy Raj Shah will take leave from their role to "oversee communications, strategy and messaging coordination with Capitol Hill allies" surrounding the Supreme Court nomination. The move will put one of the administration's most important jobs in Shah's hands. But their step away from the day-to-day operations of the White House press shop could also signal the beginning of their exit from the White House, which Shah has been mulling in recent weeks.
Trump's successful confirmation of their second Supreme Court nominee in under two years could help seal their legacy among social conservatives who have been clamoring for Justice Anthony Kennedy's retirement in the hopes of replacing a pivotal vote on the court with a solidly conservative replacement.
Trump is set to announce their nomination next Monday. The White House has also yet to announce who will shepherd the nominee through the Senate confirmation process, acting as the nominee's "sherpa."
Sanders also announced that Justin Clark, the director of the White House's office of public liaison, will oversee the administration's outreach to "key constituencies, coalitions, grassroots organizations and allies."
"The White House Counsel's office is overseeing a team of White House and Administration personnel from offices within the EEOB. Teams of attorneys from the White House Counsel's Office and Department of Justice are working to ensure the President has all the information they need to choose their nominee. The Department of Justice is fully engaged to support the nomination and confirmation efforts," Sanders said in a statement Monday.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola took a big step towards their first trophy in English football with a 2-1 derby win over Manchester United on Sunday which sent their team 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Guardiola, who won three Spanish league titles and two Champions League crowns during their time with Barcelona and then won three Bundesliga titles with Bayern Munich, had faced questions about whether their trademark possession style would work in England.
City finished 15 points behind Chelsea in third place last season but it will take a major collapse for them to not win this season's championship.
“We can play this way in England. People said we couldn't play the way we did in Barcelona in England but it is possible and we did it,” Guardiola said after the victory at Old Trafford.
“I knew that last season. Always I believed we could do it. Everyone can play how they want, that's why football is so beautiful. I'm happy to go to Stamford Bridge and Old Trafford and to beat them in this way,” they said.
“Football is incredible. We spoke about how to play United but never set-pieces offensively, and then we score two. Football is unpredictable,” they said.
Despite the points gap, Guardiola was quick to make clear that the title race was far from over.
“This win means a lot in the way we played for our confidence but in three days we go to Swansea in the winter time. We are going to face a lot of difficulties. In December it's impossible to be champions but it's good for us,” they said.
The Spaniard also responded to comments from their United counterpart Jose Mourinho who had blamed the referee's failure to give their team a penalty for the loss.
“Last season it was the same –- we won here and it was the referee. Today as well. Yesterday they spoke about the referee. We are an honest team. We had 75 percent ball possession, which means we wanted to play. We came here and did that,” they said.
“We won because we were better in all departments”.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday regarding former first lady Michelle Obama's assertion that the GOP is “all male, all white.” They also discussed Rep. Linda Sánchez's (D-CA) call for House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) to step aside.
Concerning comments by Michelle Obama, McDaniel said, “I happen to be only the second woman to run the Republican National Committee, and I am a woman Republican who voted for President Trump based on issues that matter to me, and it's very insulting and condescending to continually see the left try and minimize my voice and say that we didn't vote on issues, or if a woman voted for President Trump, it's because some have said their husband told them to.”
advertisement
“It is so marginalizing,” McDaniel continued, “and it's unfortunate to see the former first lady continue to double down on the politics of division that have symbolized the Democrat Party for far too long.”
The full interview is below.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
City police are probing the first shooting of 2017 after a man turned up at a hospital at about 6 p.m. Tuesday with a gunshot wound.
Hospital staff called police.
The 30-year-old man, whose injuries were not life-threatening, said he'd been shot near the Canterbury Recreation Complex.
The complex ison Arch Street, not far from the intersection of St. Laurent Boulevard and Walkley Road.
Police say guns and gangs investigators are still checking out the man's story.
By Laura Grimm
grimmla@mnstate.edu
Despite traveling the world, MSUM English professor Yahya Frederickson keeps returning home to Moorhead.
Frederickson shared a few poems from their new book “In a Homeland Not Far” last Thursday for the Tom McGrath Visiting Writers Series. Despite the series' name, Frederickson is far from a visitor. They grew up in Moorhead, graduated from MSUM in 1985 and returned as a professor in 1999 after years of traveling.
“I never thought I'd still be here,” Frederickson said, “but it's been a good nest to fly back to.”
“In a Homeland Not Far” covers a few of the countries Frederickson has been to, including Yemen, Saudi Arabia and Ethiopia.
“I've really been enriched by all these places I've been able to go,” Frederickson said. “I try to bring it all home.”
Home is Moorhead, where they can share their travels with family, friends and students.
“It's always really interesting to see the different viewpoints of different people,” senior English major Ashley Thorpe said. “(The reading) was a lot more personal than I thought it would be, and it focused a lot on human profiling, just little glimpses. There were some general viewpoints too, but I really liked the little glimpses that they gave us into just the next-door-neighbor grocer.”
Frederickson's reading kicked off the series for the year, and the theme of home could not be shared at a more perfect time.
“I always wanted Yahya to read about the notion of home and homeland, and it's during homecoming,” English professor Kevin Carollo said.  They are the new director of the series and the one who chooses the speakers.
While Carollo saw the opportunity, Frederickson did not realize the timing until the reading.
“It's ‘In a Homeland Not Far,' the title of the book, it's homecoming and I am an alumnus,” Frederickson said. “It just all lined up. It's like a harmonic convergence.”
Moorhead is not only home, but also the place that propelled Frederickson into traveling. It started when they went on the National Student Exchange to Oregon, and it turned into joining the Peace Corps in Yemen. They returned as a part-time professor in 1999 but is now a full-time faculty member.
“You gotta go and see whatever you're going to see,” Frederickson said, “but I always came back.”
Frederickson draws on these experiences to write their poetry. So far, their repertoire includes three chapbooks and two full-length books.  They are currently working on a translation of contemporary Kyrgyz poetry, as they spent a semester teaching in the Central Asian country of Kyrgyzstan last year.
“Home seems to always be curiously elsewhere,” Carollo said when introducing Frederickson. However, Frederickson has found that Moorhead is the place they can come home to between travels.
Frederickson may not know where their next journey will take him, but they know they will return here.
“I can't say that I belong in those places, because I don't. You don't get to choose that,” Frederickson said. “I grew up in Moorhead, and I feel like I'm from here. I can't be from anywhere else.”
Share this: Tweet
PITTSBURGH — Chicago Cubs right-hander Yu Darvish has inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage, and could start a throwing program as soon as the weekend.
Darvish, signed to a $126 million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, underwent an MRI on Tuesday in Chicago. The Cubs announced the results before playing the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night.
The Cubs also placed right-handed reliever Carl Edwards Jr. on the 10-day disabled list with right shoulder inflammation, and recalled right-hander Cory Mazzoni from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt discomfort in their shoulder Tuesday night after pitching one scoreless inning in an 8-6 victory over the Pirates.
Darvish got their first win with the Cubs in their previous start at Cincinnati on May 20, holding the Reds to one run and two hits in six innings. In eight starts, they are 1-3 with a 4.95 ERA.
An Oregon school district is requiring its teachers to report students to state officials whenever they suspect they might be having sex, reported KATU.
The Salem-Keizer school district informed their staff that if any of them heard about students having sex, they were obligated to report it or face possible charges.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, 41 percent of high school students reported having sex in 2015, and the average age for someone to have sex for the first time is 17. But according to Oregon law, people under the age of 18 are not capable of making informed decisions about having sex, and therefore sex involving minors – including sex between consenting teens – is considered sexual abuse in Oregon.
Teachers, as well as many other state officials in Oregon and across the United States, are required by law to report suspicions of abuse and neglect.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The district held a training in October that sought to clarify when teachers would be required to report any suspicions to authorities. For example, if a 15-year-old girl told a teacher they were sexually active and wanted to talk about birth control, the teacher would be required to report her, reported the Statesman Journal.
Another example showed that teachers are also required to report their own child if they suspect or learn they or they are having sex, the paper reported.
Lillian Govus, a spokesperson for Salem-Keizer, told Newsweek the policy was about “erring on the side of caution.”
They also told KOIN it was not an ideal situation but had to be done.
“It is not convenient for our educators to report these in all instances and it's not something that the students desire,” Govus told the station. “But for our employees to remain compliant with the law as it is written we must report and that goes for any school district employee must report any sexual activity between minors.”
Parents, students and educators decried the rule and said it would create a chilling effect for students, who they say would be less likely to come forward and have honest conversations about sex, birth control and other issues.
Kimberly Schott, a student at the school, created a petition called “Freedom to Freely Talk About Sexual Topics for Students and Teachers,” which has received more than 850 signatures at the time of this writing.
“This leaves students with no one. The students no longer have that safe teacher they can talk to. Instead the students must find a way to be sneaky and hide so that they don't get reported,” Scott wrote in the petition. “On top of this, the Teachers are losing their right to parent their children. Say the child made a mistake, they won't be able to go to their parent without fear of being reported, and the teacher will have to live with knowing their child can't trust them.”
Mindy Merritt, president of the Salem-Keizer Education Association, told the Statesman Journal that educators were still confused and worried. They could face trouble for under-reporting, but they worry their students will seek help elsewhere if they know their activities will be reported to the state. “How can we ensure we're building trust?” Merritt told the paper.
Govus told KATU that the reports are filed, but after that, it's up to the state as to what happens. “Now what the state does with the information that we report to them is ultimately up to them,” they told the station. “They may not take any action on it at all. They may go do a site visit. Or they may do a further investigation.”
Some have held a protest on the steps of the state capital, and another is planned, reported KATU.
WASHINGTON -
Just six days into their presidency, Donald Trump was informed their national security adviser had misled their vice-president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept their No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about their telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign their ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, their error was not that they discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that they denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice-President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
And Trump lashed out at the news media Wednesday morning, sending out a tweet berating some news organizations for focusing on “This Russian connection non-sense.” In a post on their verified Twitter account, Trump said, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” They added that the news reporting was “merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
Trump also asserted in a tweet: “Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia.”
At the White House Tuesday, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters: “The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for their resignation.”
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday “there were no lines crossed” in their conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day they were fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counsellor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “full confidence” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit their letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
Flynn's firing heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether they had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, they and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, they also expressed anger with other aides for “losing control” of the story and making their young administration look bad.
Pence spokesperson Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that they had received “incomplete information” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in their talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what they told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Before resigning Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news non-profit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that they and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
“It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “It was basically: 'Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, 'We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
———
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
Do you enjoy the concept of possessing a minimalist engagement ring that no one else will put on? Do you prefer to attract attention from the group? Do you wish to incorporate aspects from numerous various other interaction rings that you have seen? Do you wish to have an ring that will be difficult to this day and also does not fit right into any type of certain ring pattern? After that a special involvement rings is possibly mosting likely to be the minimalist engagement ring for you.
An one-of-a-kind ring is necessarily, a one-off, although several pairs would most likely acknowledge that it is actually something a little various from package, that they are not likely to see on anybody else's finger. One-of-a-kind involvement rings are ideal for those pairs that do not desire a ring that is attended coincide as one more.
There are a few methods to grab on your own a minimalist engagement ring.
One means to acquire a reasonably distinct ring and even one-of-a-kind wedding celebration rings would certainly be to think about an antique interaction ring. These rings have actually been made greater than HALF A CENTURY back, so the possibilities of facing the ring's double are fairly remote.
Nevertheless, this option is just mosting likely to benefit those pairs that enjoy with pre-loved rings that are older or traditional looking. Those pairs that are trying to find an extra modern feeling are mosting likely to be much better off having a ring customizeded.
Customizeded distinct interaction rings. This is the only genuine method to make sure that you will certainly never ever see your involvement rings on an additional finger. Custom-made jewelry experts are the perfect selection for a one off involvement ring as they will certainly have the ability to assist you every action of the means.
Possibly you have actually seen a number of involvement ring designs that you like that you intend to incorporate. Maybe you have actually the rings envisioned in your head, all set to be created. Probably you have a great deal of concepts, or are trying to find motivation.
Whether you have a set suggestion or none in all, a custom-made jewelry expert need to have the ability to help. Those without concepts need to provide some believed to their minimalist engagement ring spending plan prior to speaking with the jewelry expert. Various other factors to consider might be way of living, what type of steels you use or such as, as well as other jewelery or style designs that you enjoy. Take a look via some wedding publications, or browse the Net, up until something leaps out at you.
If you are desiring intricate job, or exceptionally great setups, after that you might intend to take into consideration using a personalized jewelry expert that has accessibility to the most recent electronic precious jewelry design and also production tools. These enable a lot more precise degree of precious jewelry design from the preliminary illustration layouts to the completed last item.
Distinct involvement rings are optimal for the pair that desire their minimalist engagement ring to stick out from the group, or perhaps have a nostalgic and also unique definition for them. Vintage involvement rings could be one option for those looking for an uncommon ring. Additionally, for a real one-off ring a personalized jewelry expert will certainly have the ability to produce a minimalist engagement ring.
Credit Goes to: https://www.etsy.com/shop/majadejewelrydesign.
NEW YORK — American Girl's newest doll is a boy.
The beloved toy maker known for its 18-inch female figurines that hail from different eras in American history is about to release its first male doll.
Their name is Logan Everett, and he's part of a “new series of contemporary” characters that will be up for sale starting Thursday. Logan's character plays drums for Tenney Grant, a girl trying to make it big in Nashville's music scene.
Logan has a couple of looks including a leather jacket over gray T-shirt or a T-shirt that says “Play Loud” under an unbuttoned plaid shirt.
“A boy character has been a top request from our fans for decades,” American Girl spokesperson Julie Parks said in a statement Tuesday.
“We do an enormous amount of research with girls and their parents, and the one thing we've heard loud and clear is a desire for more—specifically more characters and stories from today—with more experiences, more diversity, and more interests,” Parks said. Thursday will also mark the return of one of the classic American Girl dolls — Felicity Merriman, a young colonial girl who was archived in 2011.
In addition, American Girl will begin offering two new dolls later in 2017. A contemporary doll named Z Yang, who's a filmmaker, will be released in the Spring. And Nanea, a historical doll who lives in Hawaii during World War II, will be released this fall.
The 18-inch figures sell for $115 each, or about $140 for the doll, a collection of accessories and the doll's book.
(Adds statements from bankers)
By Igor Ilic
ZAGREB, March 31 Croatia's heavily indebted food and retail group Agrokor and a board of creditors has agreed "in principle" on the main elements of a standstill agreement which they expect to sign later on Friday, Erste Bank said in a statement.
Agrokor, the largest private firm in Croatia and the biggest employer in the Balkans with around 60,000 workers, built up debts of about 45 billion kunas ($6.5 bln), or six times its equity, as it expanded rapidly.
The creditors include Russia's Sberbank and VTB Bank and the Croatian units of Austria's Erste Bank and Raiffeisenbank as well as Privredna Banka Zagreb, owned by Italy's Intesa Sanpaolo, and Zagrebacka banka, owned by Italy's UniCredit.
"The standstill agreement should ease Agrokor's efforts to resolve its liquidity problems, secure continuation of its business, protect the value of the concern and lay the foundation for sustainable restructuring," the statement said.
Christoph Schoefboeck from Erste Bank said the goal was primarily to enable Agrokor to meet its obligations towards suppliers and maintain its operations.
The company will get a chief restructuring officer and independent experts to fill top management roles, to make the process "transparent and sustainable," the statement said.
The head of Croatia's Sberbank unit Mario Henjak said the freeze on Agrokor's debt repayments to banks would begin immediately.
"Standstill starts from today... There will be a new management heading the restructuring process, but we don't know the names yet," state news agency Hina quoted Henjak as saying.
They said that fresh funds would be injected in Agrokor, but declined to specify the amount.
On Friday the Croatian government also proposed a law aimed at shielding the economy and the financial system from big corporate failures. The law, yet to be approved by the parliament, will apply to firms with more than 5,000 employees and debts of at least 1 billion euros.
Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic told a cabinet session the law would be activated only at the request of the company or its creditors. (Reporting by Igor Ilic; Editing by Ruth Pitchford)
Another Winter Storm is About to Pummel the East Coast The arrival of spring is bringing one more thing with it: Winter Storm Toby. Toby, the East Coast's fourth nor'easter in three weeks, will dump heavy snow and flooding from the Carolina's to Maine. The National Weather Service has given out winter storm alerts for more than 10 states. Snow and rain will begin falling west of New York City on Tuesday before combining with a second storm and pushing heavy snow across NYC and up through Boston.
Hitchcock said they were evaluated for a concussion and would have to be cleared to be available on the second night of a back-to-back in St. Louis on Saturday night.
"We have to find a way as a group to not be distracted, and keep our foot on the pedal and keep our focus razor-sharp for 60 minutes," Hitchcock said. "It's not just how good goalie was or frustration by not scoring. There are a lot of things that go into not being distracted."
A former Dallas player and expected to be a top offensive threat for the Golden Knights, Neal beat a screened Lehtonen between the legs midway through the third period on a delayed penalty for the franchise's first goal and a 1-1 tie. Nate Schmidt and Luca Sbisa got the first assists.
The go-ahead goal came in transition when Neal lifted the puck over Lehtonen from their knees with 2:44 remaining. Lehtonen, who stopped nine of 11 shots, shared the job with Antti Niemi the past two seasons, and the move for Bishop left them as the clear backup.
"I don't think it's on the goaltending," Hitchcock said. "We made two big errors. Both ended up in the net."
Tyler Seguin opened the scoring late in the second period when they redirected a pass from Devin Shore past Fleury, who made several big stop in the third period and got a break when Alexander Radulov's shot deflected off a Vegas teammate with Fleury sprawled on the ice.
The Stars were marking some milestones as well, celebrating 25 seasons since moving from Minnesota with plenty of highlights while three-time golf major winner Jordan Spieth and former Dallas Cowboys quarterback-turned-broadcaster Tony Romo watched from a suite.
The biggest pregame roar came when Hitchcock was introduced, right after a highlight reel that included Brett Hull's Stanley Cup-winning goal when Hitchcock was behind the bench in 1999.
Technically, it's the 24th season for the Dallas Stars because of the lockout that wiped out the 2004-05 season. They moved from Minnesota for the 1993-94 season.
NOTES: The first penalty in Vegas franchise history was a roughing call against Jonathan Marchessault about midway through the first period. ... Fleury had the first save just seven seconds in when John Klingberg sent the puck all the way down from past centre ice. ... Hitchcock was denied a chance to tie Al Arbour for third on the career coaching victories list. Hitchcock has 781.
UP NEXT
Golden Knights: At Arizona on Saturday night.
Stars: Hitchcock's return to St. Louis on Saturday night.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By Schuyler Dixon, The Associated Press
April 3 Comedian Bill Cosby was due back in a Pennsylvania courtroom on Monday where their lawyers and state prosecutors will wrangle over what evidence can be admitted at their trial in June on criminal charges of sexual assault.
The Montgomery County district attorney's office is seeking to use excerpts from Cosby's autobiography as well as statements they made in a 1991 television interview in which they described the power of an aphrodisiac they called "Spanish fly" to persuade women to engage in sexual conduct with him.
Meanwhile, lawyers for the 79-year-old entertainer want the trial judge to bar prosecutors from mentioning the confidential civil settlement they signed in 2006 with their accuser, Andrea Constand, a former basketball coach at Temple University.
The Pennsylvania case is the only criminal prosecution Cosby faces after more than 50 women leveled sexual misconduct allegations at them stretching back decades. Cosby, whose career and wholesome image were shattered by the accusations, has said every sexual encounter was consensual.
Like numerous other women, Constand has accused Cosby of giving their pills in order to incapacitate them
In court documents filed last week, prosecutors said Cosby's description of Spanish fly demonstrated their long-held interest in "date-rape drugs."
"He explained that all it took was a single drop into a woman's drink, and they were then yours," prosecutors wrote in recounting Cosby's 1991 appearance on CNN's "Larry King Live."
But Cosby's lawyers responded that the comments were jokes intended to entertain their audience and had nothing to do with the present case.
"These jokes are not about Mr. Cosby, not about assault, and not about rendering anyone unconscious," their lawyers wrote.
In addition, defense lawyers plan to ask Court of Common Pleas Judge Steven O'Neill to keep jurors from hearing about the settlement they signed with Constand in their civil case, arguing that it could be seen as evidence of criminal guilt.
A federal judge in 2015 released excerpts from a deposition Cosby gave in Constand's civil case in which Cosby acknowledged having obtained Quaaludes, the brand name for a sedative widely abused as a recreational drug in the 1970s, with the intent of giving the pills to young women in order to have sex with them.
The two sides in the criminal case are also expected to argue over how to proceed with jury selection, given the amount of publicity that the case has generated. (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Steve Gorman and Mary Milliken)
The Delhi High Court on Thursday granted interim protection from arrest to senior Congress leader P. Chidambaram in the INX Media case till July 3.
Justice A.K. Pathak directed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) not to take any coercive action against Chidambaram till July 3, the next date of hearing.
The court has asked CBI to file response on Chidambaram's anticipatory bail plea.
Their son Karti Chidambaram was arrested on February 28, for allegedly taking money to facilitate Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) clearance to INX Media in 2007 when their father was the Union Finance Minister in the UPA government. Later, Karti Chidambaram was granted bail.
On Wednesday, a special court granted interim protection to P. Chidambaram from arrest till June 5 in the Aircel-Maxis deal case. Earlier, the court granted interim protection to Karti Chidambaram from arrest till July 10 in the Aircel-Maxis deal case. The CBI and the Enforcement Directorate are investigating how Karti Chidambaram managed to get a clearance from the FIPB in the Aircel-Maxis deal when their father P. Chidambaram was the Finance Minister in 2006.
As fans of the Jacksonville Jaguars are aware, Saturday marks the day that the next five members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame will be chosen. Of course a notable name for Jags fans is that of former tackle Tony Boselli, who would be the first player from the Jaguars get a gold jacket. Needless to say that Jags fans are hoping they can pull it off, but we'd like to know who else would you all like to see in be inducted alongside Boselli.
Florida natives Brian Dawkins, Edgerrin James and Ray Lewis all are finalists alongside Boselli. Former Tampa Bay safety John Lynch also made the ballot as a finalist.
Dawkins, 44, is Jacksonville native. They attended Raines High before heading to college at Clemson University afterward. They were drafted in the second-round of the 1996 draft and finished with a total of 895 tackles, 37 interceptions and 120 passes defended.
Lewis and James from Bartow, Fla. and Immokalee. Fla., respectively. Both attended the Miami University as collegiate players and established themselves as two of the best in the school's history. Lewis spent their whole NFL tenure with the Baltimore Ravens and finished their 17-year career with 1,562 tackles and 31 career interceptions. James, on the other, hand played for the Colts, Cardinals and Seahawks throughout their tenure and finished their career with 3,018 rushing attempts for 12,246 yards and 80 touchdowns.
Personally, I'll go with Boselli, Lewis, Randy Moss, Kevin Mawae and Ty Law. Feel free to give us your five picks in the comments via social media.
How a federal judge in Philly could blow up the marijuana business
How a federal judge in Philly could blow up the marijuana business Mar 16
Jay Foreman, CEO of Basic Fun!, poses with K'NEX products after Basic Fun's acquisition of the company at the 115th North American International Toy Fair on Saturday, February 17, 2018 in New York. (Amy Sussman/AP Images for Basic Fun!)”
What does the closing of Toys R Us mean for the $84 billion-a-year global toy industry?
“For us, it means sadness,” said Jay Foreman, CEO of the toy company Basic Fun!, who still maintains a resolute sense of optimism on the future of toy businesses.
“For toy manufacturers, Toys R Us is our product showroom,” said Foreman, whose Boca Raton, Fla.-based company owns Hatfield-based K'nex educational toys and several other brands. “They gave us a shot on anything we created and put it on their shelves. Losing that is pretty traumatic.”
Last week, Toys R Us president Dave Brandon announced that the bankrupt chain was shuttering or selling all of its 800 stores. The company was crushed by competition from online retailers and a disastrous 2017 Christmas retail season. It was also saddled with billions of dollars in debt brought on by an ill-conceived leveraged buyout.
A shortage of resources made for few workers on the sterile sales floors to help customers. A miserable shopping experience was hardly a positive for brand loyalty.
“I truly believe we did our best, under what turned out to be nearly impossible circumstances,” Brandon told employees.
By contrast, Foreman remains bullish about toys. Especially for the K'nex brand, which Basic Fun! purchased last month. They believe that the opportunity for growth has never been bigger.
K'nex, a construction toy used to build elaborate structures, will be insulated from the effect of Toys R Us' closing, Foreman said. That's because K'nex's previous owner, a private equity company, had a falling-out with the giant retailer when it first filed for bankruptcy and stopped shipping it toys.
“Then they doubled down with Amazon,” Foreman said. K'nex aggressively added listings and increased spending on marketing. “And Amazon is now K'nex's No. 1 account.
“With the bankruptcy liquidation, K'nex isn't owed any money by Toys R Us,” Foreman said. “I wish I could say the same about the Basic Fun! brands.” In addition to K'nex, the brand also produces classic Lincoln Logs and Tinkertoys. Basic Fun! also owns Uncle Milton and Good Stuff toys and produces Cake Pop Cuties, Poopeez, Classic My Little Pony, and dozens of Arcade Classics Electronic Games.
Foreman said they plan to expand production at the K'nex plant in Hatfield, Montgomery County, which currently employs about 40. About a dozen people left after Basic Fun! took over, mostly from the management ranks, they said.
“We believe we have an opportunity to enhance our business with online retail,” they said. “It's not just Amazon, but Target.com, Walmart.com and JCPenney.com, and a lot of other retailers. We could be hiring soon.”
Retail sales of all their brands at bricks-and-mortar Target and Walmart stores remain strong. “They continue to grow,” Foreman said.
“We have been seeing a dropoff at Toys R Us, other specialty retailers, and at independent retailers,” they said. “There's fewer gift shops on Main Street U.S.A. That's why online is important. It's growing in leaps and bounds.”
The toy market is famously fickle. The hottest categories change every year, they said. “Right now it's novelty collectibles — Fingerlings, LOL dolls, and construction toys like K'nex and Legos are strong. Boy action figure toys are big, especially anything related to Star Wars or Black Panther.”
Science-based toys have also become a important niche. Basic Fun! also produces the classic ant farm under the Uncle Milton brand.
Fashion dolls, a category that includes Barbie and princess toys, have made a strong comeback.
“As more kids become glued to their iPhones and tablets, parents want them to have a more traditional toy experience,” they said. “Ten or 20 years ago, parents weren't sure if they wanted their girls to play with Barbies. Now most parents are ecstatic to see their kids play with dolls instead of playing the computer.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
She's not out of high school yet, but she's almost done at Harvard
She's not out of high school yet, but she's almost done at Harvard Mar 19
Ashraya Ananthanarayanan, a senior at Commonwealth Charter Academy, has already taken so many college-level classes at Harvard that they will be considered a senior next fall.
When explaining the teenage phenomenon that is Collegeville's Ashraya Ananthanarayanan, it's easiest to start with what they don't do.
“I'm a terrible artist,” said the 17-year-old, dressed in a green floral dress, six-inch leopard-print heels, and full makeup – jeans and sneakers are something else they rarely do. “I can't do things normal kids do. I can't ride a bike, I can't swim.”
That's dwarfed by just a partial list of the things the senior at Commonwealth Charter Academy does: Published author of three books listed on Amazon.com by the time they were 15. A pilot in training who hopes to be licensed next month. A skilled equestrian and aspiring golf professional. A fashion designer with their own line. Developer of a game app called Smile Jump. Target shooter with dreams of a future Olympics. An accomplished Indian classical dancer. A state Spelling Bee champ who went to the national competition. Fluent in six Indian languages and French.
One thing that “Ashie” hasn't done is got a bachelor's degree from Harvard … yet. They said that's slated to come soon, in the spring of 2019, when she'll be just 18. She's already taken so many college-level classes at the Ivy League school that when they return to the Cambridge, Mass., campus as a full-time student in September, she'll be considered a senior.
In an era of constant conversation about whether today's kids are too stressed or overextended, Ashie and their backers seem too busy to engage in that debate. They struggle for any simple explanation for all the diverse things she's accomplished at such a young age. Ashie themselves said the one word that best describes how she's done it all is efficient.
“But I also need to be pushed to be efficient,” they said from their home office, crammed with trophies from beauty pageants and other competitions, certificates of achievement, horse-riding ribbons, and a congratulatory letter from Barack Obama – they can't remember what for. “Sometimes I try to be a procrastinator. … My parents pushed me and I'm really glad.”
In their pink bedroom next door, the bunk beds are so crammed with stuffed animals that they often sleep on a mat in another room. Typically, that's only four or five hours a night.
“Looking at their resumé, your head is just, ‘Oh my gosh' — that's who they are,” said Stephan Bihoreau, a French teacher at Commonwealth, a cyber school, who instructed Ashie until they essentially maxed out on their curriculum.
But once they start something, whether it's French, dressage, or dance, she's driven to master it. “I want to see it to the end,” they said.
Ashie's parents — software engineers who came to America from India a few years before Ashie was born – agree that, in the words of their father, Ajay, “we have pushed her, obviously.” But they are quick to add they seem largely driven by other factors, including the risk of boredom from growing up an only child, and simply their innate intelligence – with an IQ that's been tested at 158, high enough to gain admittance to Mensa and other groups for the super-smart.
“She has the genes, we joke about it,” said their mom, Aarti. “We are both definitely not that.”
Them parents said Ashie was reading chapter books roughly by age 2. They admit they aren't a typical kid.
“As a child, I was more work, work …” and into their Harry Potter books, they recalled. Them parents pushed them to be more social, but team sports would not be the vehicle. “I went to softball once – I hate this, all this running,” they said.
Ashie was instead inspired to write their first book at age 10, after two boys showed them a turtle they'd found. “They were throwing it around, then they put it in a cooler with no airflow for the turtle, no water,” they recalled. After consulting their mom, they demanded the turtle from the boys and released it in Perkiomen Creek, contacted PETA – which they say sent a warning to the boys – then self-published a book about the turtle called Ring of Hope.
They published a book of poetry in the seventh grade and an adventure yarn in the ninth grade. That was the year she'd left the Spring-Ford Area School District to study at Commonwealth, which makes it easier to schedule all their outside activities.
It was after winning an award in ninth grade from the Pennsylvania Association of Gifted Education that Ashie decided to try college-level courses at Harvard. They took the SAT and by 10th grade was taking their first two courses at the Ivy League school, then a full load of four courses by the next semester. They fly to the campus on Mondays and Tuesdays, staying with an aunt and surrounded by much older classmates. Unlike their less buttoned-down peers, Ashie always wears “business casual” — a blazer, dress pants, and heels to class.
“I was interacting with kids at a different phase of their lives,” they said. ” ‘Want to get a drink at a bar?' – ‘Oh, give me seven years.' ” But they said a friend took them under their wing and introduced them to the Harvard Ballroom Dance Association. They matriculated in the undergraduate program last fall and has enough credits to be considered a senior in September.
A Harvard spokesperson confirmed their status in the undergraduate degree program of the Harvard Extension School, which is geared toward nontraditional students. Last year the school changed its policy so that students now admitted to that program must be at least 21 years old.
For now, Ashie is advancing on all fronts. She's currently leading a team of six Commonwealth students to the national finals in the Real World Design Challenge, in which high school students hone their talents in STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) by designing unmanned aerial vehicles that will help farmers better grow corn.
Dan Friess said Ashie was the first student who reached out to them when they took over as team adviser this year and helped them get their footing. “She has a positive outlook and positive personality. She's a fun kid,” they said, adding, “I don't know if I have my head around all they do.”
Indeed, Ashie works so hard that it's impossible to do justice to all their diverse activities – their training in classical piano and ballroom dance, their gig as a Zumba instructor and teacher of Indian dance (her graduation performance before 200 friends and family at Montgomery County Community College lasted more than three hours), their fashion collection, the roughly 20 hours a week they squeeze in as a tutor at a local learning center. Having already crammed in three years of college, they have started taking distance learning courses at University College London to accelerate a master's in crime science.
She's even designing a wedding dress for a friend, Hannah Bower. Ashie, they said, is “like an inspiration to a lot of girls because it shows you can do anything. You've just got to work hard and you'll get there.”
How do they do it all? Ashie said they start every day by checking their Google calendar, then rechecks it when they eat their lunch and watches the fantasy drama Once Upon a Time from 11:30 to 12:30. “I can waste that time,” they said. When they need to concentrate, a trip to the shooting range to practice with their 9mm helps. “The noise-blocking headphones and the back-thrust resonation from the gun focuses me,” they said.
Them goal after Harvard is to earn their law degree at the University of Pennsylvania, then a career in corporate law, which they concede is “the most boring type of law.” They also dream of a stint as JAG – judge advocate general – “but my mom doesn't want me to join the Air Force.”
The one thing they have a hard time squeezing in is friends. They try to get together monthly, but everyone is so busy it's not always possible. And there's absolutely no room in their jam-packed schedule for boys, despite the picture in their bedroom of them and a handsome coworker who they say is just a friend.
”I need to get through law school,” they said, “before I talk romance.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Scroll for more content...
Ever since the failed nomination of Robert Bork, whose rejection allowed an obscure federal court of appeals judge from Sacramento named Anthony Kennedy to become the 104th Justice of the US Supreme Court, presidential administrations have displayed extreme care and thoroughness in their vetting of candidates for the court.
A playbook has developed for use by both Democratic and Republican administrations. Many commentators believe that Presidents have adopted nuanced approaches for determining candidates' likely votes on hot-button issues. A 1985 article in Newsweek reported that the first thing judicial candidates, sitting down to talk with Reagan's chief judge picker, would say is "pleased to meet you." And the second: "Roe v. Wade ... was wrongly decided."
But even as they put in place increasingly sophisticated and dependable methods to ferret out a candidate's judicial philosophy and predict their likely voting pattern on the court, Presidents and advisers have been exceptionally careful to insist they don't impose particular "litmus tests" -- pledges to decide particular issues in specific ways.
Thus, as another of Reagan's judge pickers insisted, "We don't get into political questions, activities, associations or views. We don't test candidates by ideology or use a litmus test." Similar pledges have become compulsory for every administration.
It's not hard to see why. "Litmus test" questions, if discovered, can and should doom a candidacy. As Lincoln famously explained: "We cannot ask a man what they will do, and if we should, and they should answer us, we should despise them for it." (Less well-known is the lesson Lincoln drew from that axiom: "Therefore, we must take a (person) whose opinions are known.")
It would be the ultimate dereliction of duty for a judge to decide a case based not on the facts and law, but because of a pledge to a political patron. Even if the pledge coincided with the judge's own view, it would be corrupt of the President to trade a judicial appointment for a promise of a particular vote -- as if the judge's fealty was to their patron and not the law -- and ignominious of the candidate to accept the deal.
There are compelling practical reasons as well why pledges of specific votes are a sort of third rail in judicial selection. If a candidate offered to the President their assurance of how they would vote on a matter likely to come before the court, they would have no defense against the same sorts of assurances to the Senate. They would lose the all-purpose shield of, "I'm sorry Senator, but I cannot answer that question because it is an issue that might come before me if I am fortunate enough to be confirmed."
Thus, every President, certainly since Reagan, has insisted they did not and would not ask litmus-test questions, and given the sophistication of the nomination process, there is every reason to think that those assurances were accurate.
When I worked on judicial nominations, including Supreme Court nominations, in the Clinton administration, it was axiomatic that any litmus test questions were strictly off limits.
Enter Donald Trump. Trump's judicial selection process actually has been efficient and professional, in marked contrast to the chaotic and noxious administration in almost all other policy areas. White House Counsel Don McGahn, who will oversee the nomination and attempted confirmation of the next justice, surely will impress upon them that they simply may not seek to exact a pledge of a particular vote of any sort from their nominee.
And with any other President, that would likely quiet any concerns. But in the first place, Trump is a comically uninhibited rule-breaker who boasts about making decisions by their gut.  They are -- and I wish I were the first to put it this way but I'm not -- the glandular President.
More importantly, we already know Trump is wont to try to exact improper pledges of personal loyalty to them above loyalty to the law. That is exactly what James Comey said they did with him, and Comey immediately recognized the stunning impropriety of the encounter, which they understood sought to ensure the FBI director's allegiance to the President above the law. Trump appears unaware to this day of why the demand was unseemly.
Yet more importantly, Trump is under serious threat of impeachment or criminal liability. From their selfish interests, they want more than anything a nominee who would protect them at the Supreme Court in the very foreseeable event that questions on which their Presidency and even liberty may turn -- such as: can a President pardon himself? -- come to the court.
No one who has followed the news closely these last 529 days can feel confident that Trump, if left alone with a nominee, would not seek to secure some sort of personal assurance, if only in wink-and-nod form, of votes on specific issues, especially ones that may determine their personal fate.
Yet it would be extraordinarily stupid, brazen, and corrupt, and could fatally compromise the candidate for the court -- reasons enough for every President in modern memory, and perhaps American history, to eschew it, save this one.
Given the high stakes of the nomination and the character of the President, expect the first round of questions in the Senate to Trump's nominee to be a series of exacting inquiries about exactly what the President told them and whether they approached or crossed the litmus-test line.
These are straightforward inquiries, and it would be dangerous, not to mention dishonorable, for a candidate to answer dishonestly. If in fact it were to emerge that Trump had sought some sort of pledge, it would likely upend the nomination and force the administration into a do-over that would extend the confirmation battle past the midterm elections.
It is very hard to imagine such an extreme self-inflicted wound, but if any President has what it takes to inflict it, it's Trump.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - A Sacramento animal shelter is seeking supplies and cash donations to care for nearly 300 rabbits taken from a single property.
KTXL-TV reports the bunnies are of varying ages and not available for adoption because they are part of an investigation.
Folsom Police Department Det. Donald Rowberry says officers were responding to a separate call when they looked over a fence and spotted about 100 rabbits. The officers called for backup and found many more bunnies hopping in unsanitary living conditions.
Folsom city code allows only two rabbits per home. The Sacramento SPCA received 286 from the home on Friday.
The shelter needs small litter boxes, small ceramic bowls and bunny water bottles, among other items.
The group is calling for rabbit-related help through social media with the hashtag #bunoverload2018.
___
Information from: KTXL-TV.
In celebration of Canada's 150th birthday, the Citizen is rolling out one fact each day for 150 days until July 1, highlighting the odd, the fascinating and the important bits of Ottawa history you might not know about.
In 1995, the Ottawa Lynx prospects weren't bright because their prospects were few. Major league prospects, that is. Yet in their third year of operating in the International League, Howard Darwin's Lynx stunned the AAA baseball world by winning the championship on the strength of a 4-0 victory over the Norfolk Tides. The Lynx were managed by Pete Mackanin, who went on to the MLB. It was Ottawa's first professional sports title since the 1976 Rough Riders won the Grey Cup, and fans stood, cheered and outlasted rain delays of 55 and 45 minutes.
The joy was short-lived. After 15 seasons, the franchise was sold. Today, the Can-Am League Ottawa Champions play at the city'sballpark. They were champions, in 2016.
— Wayne Scanlan
The Arc of Fort Bend County's Annual Golf Classic will be held June 18, the Monday after Father's Day, at Weston Lakes Country Club in Fulshear at 10:30 a.m.
Following 18 holes of golf, the, “Yeah-I-Do! Cook'n Crew” will prepare the meal and Commissioner James Patterson will conduct the live auction. Register online at www.arcoffortbend.org or call The Arc office 281-494-5959. Not a golfer? Come out for the barbecue dinner and auction at 5 p.m.
The Arc of Fort Bend County was founded in 1968 by parents who wanted to improve the lives of their children who had intellectual and developmental disabilities. As a grassroots advocacy organization, The Arc advocates for the inclusion of people with intellectual disabilities and developmental disabilities (autism) into all parts of the community – from classrooms to the workplace. Along with this advocacy, we provide recreational and social programs, housing support and the largest Special Olympics program in the area.
File photo: An attendee adjusts a model's foot at the Kate Spade Spring/Summer 2014 collection presentation during New York Fashion Week September 6, 2013. REUTERS/Eric Thayer/File Photo
U.S. handbag and accessories maker Kate Spade & Co (KATE.N) will spend a few more weeks negotiating a potential sale of the company after receiving an offer last week from Coach Inc (COH.N), three people said on Monday on condition of anonymity.
Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS.N) also remains interested in Kate Spade, though it has not been pursuing an acquisition of the company as actively as rival fashion accessories maker Coach, the people said.
Giving the sale process more time allows potential buyers to better assess Kate Spade's first-quarter sales and negotiate a potential deal, the people added.
Kate Spade shares ended trading on Monday down 1.85 percent at $22.80, giving it a market capitalization of around $2.9 billion. If Kate Spade manages to negotiate a sale of the company, a deal would very likely value it below that level, according to the people. It is also possible that negotiations end without a deal, the people cautioned.
Michael Kors and Coach declined to comment, as did Kate Spade.
Affordable luxury brands such as Michael Kors and Coach have suffered after they expanded their retail presence too quickly and sold too heavily in outlet stores, diluting the exclusivity that once caused shoppers to line up for the next hot handbag.
These brands have been hurt as fewer shoppers in malls have led to fewer handbag sales, while a stronger dollar has made it difficult for them to maintain their popularity with tourists visiting the United States.
Kate Spade would offer Coach or Michael Kors greater pricing power with department stores, as well a younger clientele.
Coach has been seeking to diversify its business beyond handbags. It paid $574 million for designer footwear company Stuart Weitzman in 2015.
Michael Kors, which sells apparel, handbags, watches and other accessories, said in its most recent earnings call it was "actively looking" at potential acquisitions and that it probably would not do small deals. The company has been focused on a turnaround by improving its outlets and stores.
Kate Spade has been under pressure from a small New York-based hedge fund, Caerus Investors, whose stake in the company could not be determined. Caerus sent a letter to Kate Spade's board in November, stating it was "increasingly frustrated" by the inability of the retailer's management to achieve profit margins comparable with industry peers.
Separately, investor Barry Rosenstein's activist hedge fund Jana Partners LLC has also revealed a small stake in the company.
(Reporting by Greg Roumeliotis and Lauren Hirsch in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ROYSE CITY, TX — Most high schoolers are counting down the days to graduation, but Vilma Ledferd is counting the days 'til they can run for Congress, Senate and President, and she's our Class Act of the Week.
Vilma is a junior at Royse City High and super-involved in band, theater, choir, student TV news, and debate. But their biggest passion is politics.
“From a young age, I wanted to be PresidentI didn't really pursue or think about it; it was kind of just like ‘Oh, I'm a little girl, this is what I want to be,'” Vilma said. “But then, once I started getting older and my mom started going to more events, I started realizing this is a thing I could actually do.”
And so they did it! They founded their school's Chapter of Ignite, a group built to inspire young women to become political leaders. She's also a member of LULAC, the League of United Latin American Citizens. Vilma caught the eye of the organization and was invited to DC to be a part of their 2017 Youth Leadership Seminar.
“It was so fun. I wasn't expecting to make so many friends,” Vilma said. “I thought everyone was going to be stuck up and 'Oh I'm here for politics, but no I made a lot of friends'.”
Back in Royse City, she's also making a huge impact on all their fellow students.
“She's just got a great future. She's studious, she's involved, she's kind, she's helpful,” school librarian Christie Watts said. “She's just a great example of what every teenager should strive to be.”
Vilma wants to study law after high school and pursue their political dreams, and they have it planned out -- to the date.
“Hopefully by 2035, you'll see me campaigning for president!”
Know of a Class Act at your school? Let us know about them:
Highly touted high school quarterback Justin Fields plans to attend Georgia next year.
Fields is from Harrison High School in Kennesaw, Georgia. They announced at a pep rally at the school Friday their nonbinding verbal commitment to the Bulldogs. According to 247Sports' composite rankings of the major recruiting analysts, Fields is the No. 1 overall player in the country.
Fields verbally committed to Penn State late last year, but backed off that in the spring. They had taken official visits to Alabama and LSU.
Fields adds more intrigue to No. 5 Georgia's quarterback situation. Five-star recruit Jacob Eason started last season as a first-year student, but first-year student Jake Fromm took over when Eason got hurt in this season and has played well. All three could be on the roster by spring.
Markelle Fultz's summer-league decision with Sixers will show if they are listening to the right people | David Murphy
Markelle Fultz's summer-league decision with Sixers will show if they are listening to the right people | David Murphy May 29
David Murphy is a sports columnist for the Daily News and Inquirer. They joined the company in 2008 and spent the next six years on the Phillies beat.
And with that, the Sixers have surpassed the late-2000s Mets as professional sports' all-time leader in You Can't Make This Stuff Up.
It happened Wednesday morning, just before business hours, with a press release announcing the team's decision to launch an investigation into whether its general manager was using a series of anonymous Twitter accounts to defend themselves and, at times, blast their players and colleagues. The achievement capped a remarkable two-year run in which the Sixers continued to bombard us with mind-scrambling headlines despite their hiring of a general manager whose chief qualification was their ability to enhance the organization's credibility around the league.
This, mind you, is the same general manager who ended Tuesday night as the butt of jokes across the league after The Ringer published a report that suggested they had been moonlighting as the Kaiser Soze of the NBA's Twitterverse, highlighting five accounts with suspicious and near-incontrovertible ties to them or someone in their inner circle.
Forget, for a moment, whether Bryan Colangelo was actually the person publishing tweets from the accounts in question. Reality is not always the thing that matters most when it comes to the tasks that the Sixers president was brought here to accomplish. Perception is a significant factor in attracting the level of free-agent star that the Sixers want and perhaps even need to add to their roster to compete with the likes of the Warriors, Rockets, Celtics and Cavaliers. Given the NBA's fiscal structure, and the ability for many teams to offer a prospective signee an identical amount of money, a free agent often makes their decision based on concerns that would be secondary in other sports. Among those concerns are a franchise's prestige, and its ability to contend for a title, and its management, and its ability to attract other quality players.
It's too early to say what the long-term ramifications of this latest bit of ridiculousness will be within that context. But as players and executives across the league took to Twitter on Tuesday night, their immediate perception of Colangelo was clear. Among the players who made direct or veiled jokes about the situation were the Blazers' C.J. McCollum, the Pacers' Trevor Booker, and, of course, the Sixers' own Joel Embiid.
Embiid later said in a television interview that Colangelo had contacted them and denied ownership of the Twitter accounts, which featured several messages that were critical of the big man. Embiid later said on Twitter that, all jokes aside, they believed Colangelo because the other option was too ridiculous.
Indeed, there are plenty of tweets from the accounts in question that stretch the bounds of reason to think that they represented Colangelo's honest thoughts at the time.
Here's one from the “Eric Jr” account on Feb. 11, 2017: “alternative fact: Joel is not the future of the franchise, so who cares if they are not 100%, let's exploit him.”
The notion that an NBA general manager would think this way about a player who had spent the previous four months establishing themselves as a consensus future superstar is almost too detached from reality to take seriously. One explanation is that Colangelo is unhinged enough to think this way, yet clever and collected enough to conceal it for two years. Say what you will about their player evaluation or macro strategies, they are a guy who presents well, and it would be quite a feat for them to pull off the Italian-suited, nothingspeak lawyer charade while secretly harboring a Trumpian inner monologue and lack of impulse control.
There is some really damning stuff, of course. First and foremost is the fact that three of the accounts in question went offline shortly after The Ringer contacted Colangelo about the other two accounts (without mentioning that it also knew of the other three). With all of the other circumstantial evidence — the followers of non-household names with Colangelo connections, etc — there is a conceivable world in which a diligent and clever (and disturbed) individual could be authoring the ultimate long con. But if we assume that the only people who knew that The Ringer contacted the Sixers were the reporter and a Sixers media relations staffer and Colangelo and whomever Colangelo told inside the building, then the potential of a con would seem to be eliminated.
What hasn't been eliminated — at least not according to my reading — is the possibility that one or all of the accounts in question belonged to a confidant of Colangelo: father, son, wife, etc. The only evidence The Ringer offers to the contrary is the opinion of its unidentified source, who reached out to the site unsolicited and claimed to have used their computer expertise to analyze and link the five accounts (the story sheds no further light on their exact methodology).
Again, though, what matters most is that we are even discussing this. You thought it couldn't get weirder than Joel Embiid's first three years, and then it did. You thought it couldn't get weirder than Jahlil Okafor, and then it did. You thought, surely, Markelle Fultz losing their jump shot was the climax. Yet, here we are.
There are enough unanswered questions that it's wisest to reserve any judgment about how the team should proceed. There are enough dots to connect or discount that a team-led investigation should yield a definitive answer. There is more than enough there that an employer should be able to A) determine conclusively whether Colangelo really was tweeting from the account, or B) lay out the reality of the situation in such a way that is beyond dispute.
Either way, when the final report lands, it will make for some interesting reading. Not to mention, another great headline involving the NBA's most bat-crap crazy team.
Planned Parenthood Ottawa is criticizing the tweaks made to the City of Ottawa's flag-raising policy, saying it's offsetting gains made this week through a proposed “bubble zone” law in Ontario.
“There's nothing here saying flags won't be flown for issues that undermine human rights or that are politically divisive,” executive director Catherine Macnab said Friday.
City clerk and solicitor Rick O'Connor told council in a memo on Thursday afternoon that there will be a couple of changes to the flag-raising policy once the amended rules come into force on Monday.
According to changes in the new policy, flags will raise for groups and organizations whose mandates, programs or activities are directly related to the City of Ottawa through a funding agreement, or when flag raising would “correspond with relevant days of awareness, celebration, importance of commemoration or promotion, as recognized by the Ontario Provincial Government and/or Canadian Federal Government, or a ministry of department thereof.”
The new policy also adds a line that flags won't be raised if the organization's undertakings “are politically or religiously motivated or represent other individual conviction.”
There are no changes to the policy on official proclamations.
Mayor Jim Watson asked for a review of the policies after an Ottawa man was successful last May in getting the city to raise a National March for Life anti-abortion flag outside city hall. An instant backlash on social media and concerns raised by city councillors compelled the city to take the flag down by mid-afternoon.
Macnab criticized the city for being quiet about the policy change this week, rather than opening a proposal up to consultations.
“Maybe some people don't want to court that kind of debate and discussion, but I just think it's really important because city policy reflects all of us,” Macnab said.
The Citizen has asked the city if the policy changes would prevent the National March for Life flag from being raised at city hall.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
Candice Swanepoel is bringing sexy to the Wild West!
The 28-year-old model gave them 11 million Instagram followers an inside look at their latest work with Victoria's Secret: a sultry, cowboy-themed, chaps-wearing photo shoot.
They first shared a short video clip of themselves wearing only underwear, a cowboy hat and a pair of revealing chaps that left very little to the imagination.
🌾 @victoriassecret A post shared by Candice Swanepoel (@angelcandices) on Aug 13, 2017 at 8:48pm PDT
“Wild Wild West out here,” they captioned the clip. They gave fans another look at their derrière in a follow-up post, sharing a video of themselves wiggling them bottom.
The star was shown in yet another post walking through a grassy field as another model rode on a horse behind them Famed photographer Russell James shared the same video on their own Instagram account, writing, “Showdown at Ten Mile Ranch.”
@victoriassecret @_virginiayoung_ @brianbuenaventura_ @tracydeleu @enamelle A post shared by Candice Swanepoel (@angelcandices) on Aug 13, 2017 at 3:14pm PDT
#giddyup 🐎🐎🐎 #bumbumtamtam A post shared by Candice Swanepoel (@angelcandices) on Aug 12, 2017 at 4:58pm PDT
The shoot comes less than three months after Swanepoel returned to the famous brand following the October 2016 birth of their son, Anacã. They shared the news on Instagram in May, uploading a photo of themselves dressed in the brand's athletic gear with the caption “Getting back into the groove.”
RELATED STORY: Candice Swanepoel Makes a Thong-Clad Return to Victoria's Secret Just 8 Months After Giving Birth
FROM PEN: Christie Brinkley's Daughter Sailor on Following in Them Mother's Footsteps
In August, the model opened up to PEOPLE about becoming a mom — and their “natural, no drugs” childbirth.
“I don't wanna put anyone off of having kids,” they said. “I think society has made women afraid of giving [birth naturally], but it's totally doable if you prepare yourself in the right way,” they add.
What do you think of the model's latest shoot? Share below.
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Medicinova Inc:
* MEDICINOVA ANNOUNCES MN-166 (IBUDILAST) DEMONSTRATED A 26 PCT REDUCTION IN CONFIRMED DISABILITY PROGRESSION IN THE SPRINT-MS PHASE 2B TRIAL IN PROGRESSIVE MS: POTENTIAL BEST-IN-DISEASE DRUG Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
This undated photo provided by Jeremy Weis Photography, shows Russell Bucklew, who is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday, March 20, 2018, for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend in 1996 in eastern Missouri. Bucklew faces a potentially "gruesome and painful" execution because of a rare medical condition that compromises the man's veins and causes multiple tumors in their head and throat, their attorney said Sunday. (Jeremy Weis Photography via AP)
This undated photo provided by Jeremy Weis Photography, shows Russell Bucklew, who is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday, March 20, 2018, for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend in 1996 in eastern Missouri. Bucklew faces a potentially "gruesome and painful" execution because of a rare medical condition that compromises the man's veins and causes multiple tumors in their head and throat, their attorney said Sunday. (Jeremy Weis Photography via AP)
ST. LOUIS (AP) - A condemned Missouri inmate faces a potentially "gruesome and painful" execution because of a rare medical condition that compromises the man's veins and causes multiple tumors in their head and throat, their attorney said Sunday.
Russell Bucklew is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday evening for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend in 1996 in eastern Missouri.
Bucklew, 49, was moments away from execution in May 2014 when the U.S. Supreme Court halted it amid concerns about Bucklew's medical condition. They suffer from cavernous hemangioma, a rare ailment that causes weakened and malformed blood vessels, as well as blood-filled tumors in their nose and throat.
Nearly four years later, the condition has worsened, attorney Cheryl Pilate said.
"Mr. Bucklew's rare and severe condition creates a very substantial risk of a gruesome execution, with choking and gagging on blood and the infliction of excruciating pain," Pilate said.
A panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has already refused to stop the execution. An appeal and stay request are pending before the U.S. Supreme Court. Pilate also has asked for clemency from Republican Gov. Eric Greitens.
Email messages seeking comment Sunday from spokespeople for Greitens and Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley were not immediately returned.
The appeal offered a chilling possibility of what Bucklew's supporters believe could happen during the execution.
"Those highly sensitive tumors easily rupture and bleed," the appeal said. "As they struggle to breathe through the execution procedure, Bucklew's throat tumor will likely rupture," causing them to choke on their own blood.
"Bucklew's execution will very likely be gruesome and painful far beyond the pain inherent in the process of an ordinary lethal injection execution," the court document said, adding it would violate Bucklew's constitutional guarantee against cruel and unusual punishment.
In their response to the U.S. Supreme Court, Hawley downplayed Bucklew's medical condition and cited continuing efforts over several years to put off the execution.
Bucklew's appeals also have suggested that if the execution is carried out, the state should use lethal gas instead of an injection of pentobarbital. Missouri law still lists gas as an option, but the state no longer has a gas chamber and has not used the method since 1965.
None of the 20 inmates executed since Missouri began using pentobarbital in 2013 have shown obvious signs of pain or suffering.
According to court documents, Bucklew was angry at their girlfriend for leaving them and moving in with Michael Sanders of Cape Girardeau when they tracked them down at Sanders' home in March 1996. They killed Sanders in front of the woman, their two daughters and Sanders' two sons and then attacked the woman and drove them to a secluded area and raped them
After a state trooper spotted Bucklew's car, Bucklew shot at the trooper but missed, court records say. Bucklew later escaped from jail, hid in the home of the ex-girlfriend's mother and beat them with a hammer.
The execution would be the first in Missouri since January 2017.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 47-year-old Cheltenham woman who founded their local Neighbourhood Watch stole more than £16,000 from their former employers, a court heard yesterday.
Debbie Kelly, of Wellington Square, worked in the accounts department of Datasource Computer Employment Ltd and took advantage of their trusted position to steal, Gloucester Crown Court was told.
They admitted committing fraud by false representation between January 11, 2016 and February 28 last year.
The court was told they made eight fraudulent transactions and paid £16,401 of their employer's money into their RBS account.
Judge Michael Harington sentenced Kelly to 12 months custody suspended for two years.
Prosecutor Susan Cavendar told the judge that another member of staff noticed payments that could not be accounted for.
The payments were to an unknown bank account and there were no matching invoices.
Ms Cavender said that Kelly was the only person who had access to the company's bank accounts.
They said that once arrested and interviewed, Kelly made "full confessions".
Kelly explained to the police that they had got into financial difficulties, and "didn't realise how much they had taken".
Ms Cavender said: "This was an isolated incident. There is no suggestion of dishonesty with previous employers."
Kelly had told police that "she needed money to keep a roof over them head".
However, Ms Cavender pointed out that Kelly had made a payment of £2,000 into their savings account on February 2 last year.
"Then the following day they bought a sofa for £1,152," they said.
The court heard a victim statement from Lindsay Babbage, a director of Datasource, who said the company was "rocked to the core" by Kelly's offending, and that it had caused "huge operational disruption".
Kelly had no previous convictions.
Greg Gordon, representing Kelly, said they were of "previous exemplary character". They pointed to them founding their local Neighbourhood Watch. They were trusted by neighbours, they said.
"There is obvious and genuine remorse for what they did," Mr Gordon said.
They told the judge that Kelly had "walking difficulties and other issues".
"She suffers from depression, anxiety and post traumatic stress disorder," they said.
"A suspended sentence will certainly be a punitive sentence," they argued.
They said that this was "an offence of desperation".
Mr Gordon claimed that they had taken out a loan to assist their ex-husband's parents, although that was disputed by their ex-husband.
"Their business collapsed and they needed to pay their mortgage," they said. "She was the only one with a good credit rating, so took out a loan for them.
"They sold their house, but didn't pay them back," they claimed.
The court heard that Kelly has £17,000 of debt, but is working with debt charities.
"Her only income is benefits," Mr Gordon said. "She sold their car in October for £500.
"Her ex-husband lost their job and has stopped paying their £200 per month in maintenance they used to receive from him," they claimed.
"She did something entirely wrong and is very remorseful for it," Mr Gordon concluded.
The judge said to Kelly as they sentenced her: "This is an extremely serious offence.
"You appreciate that and feel remorse.
"You were in a position of trust.
"I appreciate you were in a difficult situation at the time, but what you did was outrageous and totally inappropriate.
"I take into account your bad health," the judge said. "You have had a serious operation.
"This was not sophisticated offending.
"At the end of the day you have committed an offence that very often, in fact invariably, attracts a custodial sentence.
"It is so serious that it has to be imprisonment, but I am prepared in the slightly unusual circumstances to suspend it," the judge said.
Alongside the suspended sentence, the judge ordered Kelly to pay Datasource £250 in compensation having heard that was the excess they had to pay on their insurance.
Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual misconduct, arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University, Wednesday May 30, 2018, in New York. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews)
Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual misconduct, arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University, Wednesday May 30, 2018, in New York. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews)
NEW YORK (AP) - Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers have watched from the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
The New York Times and The New Yorker magazine received the gold medal for public service Wednesday for reporting on decades of sexual abuse allegations against the Hollywood mogul.
The stories by Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey of The Times and Ronan Farrow for The New Yorker sparked the #MeToo movement.
Joining the luncheon at Columbia University in support of the journalistic work were Rosanna Arquette and Annabella Sciorra. The actores are among those who have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct, allegations they deny.
Farrow was also joined by their mother, actor Mia Farrow.
Rapper-songwriter Kendrick Lamar was there to pick up their Pulitzer Prize for music.
Union membership is on the rise here in Washington state. CLICK HERE to find out why, and how YOU can get started forming a Union at your workplace!
turning the last page
of our lives, perhaps then
we finally get to read
the glossary to see
what all those symbols meant
"I remind all publicly-elected officials of the fact that 'big screen' zones are completely forbidden in public spaces," said a statement from the ministry.
France has been subject to several terrorist attacks in recent years, leading to an increased security presence all round.
"In the current climate of terrorist threats, the security procedures used at the last European Championship must be deployed again, with the same degree of efficiency."
At Euro 2016, held in France, fans wanting to watch games on big screens in public had to do so by entering one of the 10 officially sanctioned "fan zones" in each host city, at which there was a heavy security presence.
Tuesday's directive suggested that city officials hoping to bend the rules and organise their own fan zones with big screens can do so.
But "these transmissions, organised under their responsibility, can only be held in closed or strictly controlled areas (stadiums, sports venues, conference centres halls etc.)"
These areas would also require a "heavy security presence" and be at the "cost of the organiser".
The 2018 World Cup in Russia will be held June 14-July 15.
On May 12 Khamzat Azimov, a Frenchman of Chechen origin who was on a list of terrorist suspects, knifed a 29-year-old bystander to death and injured five others in an unprovoked attack in central Paris.
Since 2015, 246 people have fallen victim to terrorist attacks in France.
SEOUL, March 29 South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix Inc is in talks with Japanese financial investors about forming a consortium and jointly bidding for Toshiba's memory chip business, Korea Economic Daily reported on Wednesday citing unnamed sources.
The paper said SK Hynix, the world's No. 2 memory chipmaker behind Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, plans to submit a preliminary bid for the Toshiba chip business on Wednesday. The Japanese firm put up the business for sale in response to a $6.3 billion writedown expected from exposure to its U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse.
An SK Hynix spokesperson declined to comment on the report.
(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Stephen Coates)
PRAGUE (Sputnik) — Earlier in the day, Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen said that the constitutional amendments broadening the powers of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan pushed Ankara away from EU values and accession to the bloc. A source from NATO told Sputnik that the alliance had no comments regarding the referendum as it was an internal affair of the Turkish nation.
1/2 After the referendum Turkey stands on the treshold of enormous political changes. We will follow closely future developments… — Lubomír Zaorálek (@ZaoralekL) 17 апреля 2017 г.
2/2..Turkey remains both an important partner for the Czech Republic and the EU and close ally in NATO. — Lubomír Zaorálek (@ZaoralekL) 17 апреля 2017 г.
Even though Ankara will continue to be a crucial partner for the Western alliances, Pavel Belobradek, a Czech deputy prime minister, raised concerns over social and political climate in Turkey.
"The question is how this country will be able to handle such a split, when half of the people supported the retaining of secularism and pluralistic democracy, while the other part voted for the regime of a leadership with Islamic elements," Belobradek said.
© AFP 2017/ ADEM ALTAN Erdoğan: Turkish Referendum Results Victory Against 'Crusaders'
They stressed that the referendum would not influence Turkey's accession process to the European Union as the possibility has dissolved to purely hypothetical level a long time ago.
Last year, the European Union condemned Ankara's clampdown on those suspected of ties to the organizers of the 2016 July's failed coup in Turkey. The bloc voted in favor of freezing EU accession talks with Ankara as a result.
According to the preliminary results of the Turkish referendum, over 51 percent of voters supported the proposed constitutional amendments, which will expand presidential powers over the judicial and legislative branches of the government. The amendments to the constitution will also allow Erdoğan to retain the presidency for two more terms.
Share. Can get lost in nostalgia, but the future looks bright. Can get lost in nostalgia, but the future looks bright.
This is a review based on a screening at New York Comic Con. Some spoilers follow for Future Man's pilot.
Future Man knows its setup is derivative from the start — Josh Futturman (Josh Hutcherson) references The Last Starfighter and Quantum Leap as a pair of time-traveling warriors call on their assistance in a battle far in the future. But while the premise of a boy who is unlucky in life but proficient in gaming pressed into fighting a war by traveling through time may sound familiar, Future Man's approach is refreshingly fun — and lewd — thanks to producers Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg.
The team behind This Is the End, Sausage Party, and more outrageous comedies hold nothing back in their TV endeavors (see their adaptation of Preacher for a dramatic example), and Future Man, which premieres on Hulu on November 14, is no exception. The Hunger Games' Josh Hutcherson plays Josh Futturman, a janitor for a research lab looking into cures for sexually transmitted diseases who still lives at home with their parents and uses an “unbeatable” game, The Biotic Wars, to escape from their life.
Only, their escape soon becomes their life when, after defeating the undefeatable final level of the game, the two main characters — Tiger and Wolf (Eliza Coupe and Derek Wilson, respectively) — appear in their bedroom and catch them in a compromising situation. The juvenile, gross, and funny punchline for that scene is a good litmus test for whether you'll want to stick with the show. And even as a fan of Rogen and Goldberg's previous work, it's… a very gross scene. (It's also a scene that could have saddled Tiger as simply an objectified character, but the rest of the episode goes on to serve them much better, and Coupe is equally funny and badass in the role.)
“ The modern-day cast is full of hilarious supporting characters.
]What follows are a time-traveling adventure in which Josh, Tiger, and Wolf, the latter two of whom are no nonsense warriors from a future hellscape, travel back to 1969 in hopes of stopping the future wars that Josh's favorite game is based on. Future Man's production value truly shines with the time warp. A warm glow tinges the world of Los Angeles in the late ‘60s, and the show smartly reuses sets and locations from the present day scenes to make them recognizable yet true to the time period.
The pilot mostly leaves the present day behind for the ‘60s in its second half, which is only a disappointment in that the supporting cast of 2017 is so strong. Ron Funches, Keith David, and Haley Joel Osment round out the staff of Josh's lab, and they all offer memorable but brief introductory scenes. The show will return to the present, but a butterfly effect will undoubtedly cause some changes.
For more NYCC coverage, check out IGN's cosplay gallery below:
NYCC 2017 Cosplay 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 48 Frozen Black Swan — Name not provided. 01 48 Frozen Black Swan — Name not provided. NYCC 2017 Cosplay Download Image Captions ESC
1969 holds plenty of great fodder for Josh, Tiger, and Wolf, though. And yes, that includes a brief back-and-forth about “going to ‘69” that results from Tiger and Wolf having a Drax-like level of humor. There are the expected fish-out-of-water jokes — Wolf is so used to eating rats that a deli pickle is a delicacy to them — but Coupe and Wilson also play up the self-seriousness of their characters impeccably. As the duo battles with a group of bikers to steal era-appropriate clothes, they narrate every kick, punch, and stab while moving in a stilted enough way to look like their in-game counterparts.
Comparatively, Josh is the worst fighter these two could have hoped for in their savior, and one of the biggest laughs of the episode comes in their first “fight scene.” It mostly involves Josh getting pummeled by a surprising group of foes not worth spoiling just after arriving in 1969.
“ Future Man can fall prey to too much nostalgia, but it finds fun ways of subverting cliches.
That scene is one of a number of moments that reflects what makes me excited to return to Future Man for more. The series is steeped in nostalgia, with references to Pul Fiction, Easy Rider, Terminator, Quantum Leap, and many more in the pilot alone. And though the premiere does occasionally fall prey to referencing simply for nostalgia's sake, Future Man smartly subverts some genre cliches in fun and absurd fashion.
Unfortunately its handling of video games as a main, driving plot point is less intriguing. The series pays some lip service to games at the start — BioShock and Halo get name-dropped, while a discussion about Luigi's anatomy is a funny way to kick things of. But the premiere then settles into only depicting games as bloody affairs that obsessively pull players away from their lives. If the pilot is any indication, Future Man isn't really acting as a commentary on gaming culture, but it certainly has plenty of room to play with there depending on how much of a focus the show spends on Josh's love of gaming in the future.
EVANSTON, Ill. --- When drawing scientists, U.S. children now depict female scientists more often than ever, according to new Northwestern University research, which analyzed five decades of "Draw-A-Scientist" studies conducted since the 1960s.
This change suggests that children's stereotypes linking science with men have weakened over time, said the researchers, consistent with more women becoming scientists and children's media depicting more female scientists on television shows, magazines and other media.
"Given this change in stereotypes, girls in recent years might now develop interests in science more freely than before," said study lead author David Miller, a psychology Ph.D. candidate at Northwestern. "Prior studies have suggested that these gender-science stereotypes could shape girls' interests in science-related activities and careers."
The study is the first systematic, quantitative review of the "Draw-A-Scientist" literature and combined results from 78 U.S. studies, including more than 20,000 children in kindergarten through 12th grade.
In the first landmark study, conducted between 1966 and 1977, less than one percent of nearly 5,000 children drew an image resembling a woman when asked to draw a scientist. Their artwork almost exclusively depicted men working inside with laboratory equipment, often with lab coats, glasses and facial hair.
But in later studies (1985 to 2016), 28 percent of children drew a female scientist, on average. In addition, both girls and boys drew female scientists more often over time, though girls overall drew female scientists much more often than boys.
"Our results suggest that children's stereotypes change as women's and men's roles change in society," said study co-author Alice Eagly, professor of psychology in the Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences at Northwestern and a faculty fellow with the University's Institute for Policy Research. "Children still draw more male than female scientists in recent studies, but that is expected because women remain a minority in several science fields."
The researchers also studied how children form stereotypes about scientists across child development. The results suggested children did not associate science with men until grade school; around age 5, they drew roughly equal percentages of male and female scientists.
During elementary and middle school, the tendency to draw male scientists increased strongly with age. Older children were also more likely to draw scientists with lab coats and glasses, suggesting that children learn other stereotypes as they mature.
"These changes across children's age likely reflect that children's exposure to male scientists accumulates during development, even in recent years," said David Uttal, a co-author of the study and a professor of education and psychology in Northwestern's School of Education and Social Policy and Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences.
"To build on cultural changes, teachers and parents should present children with multiple examples of female and male scientists across many contexts such as science courses, television shows and informal conversations," Uttal said.
###
"The Development of Children's Gender-Science Stereotypes: A Meta-Analysis of Five Decades of U.S. Draw-A-Scientist Studies" will be published online in the journal Child Development on March 20. In addition to Miller, Eagly and Uttal, study co-authors include Kyle M. Nolla.
A final International Olympic Committee (IOC) Coordination Commission inspection visit has begun today before Buenos Aires hosts the Summer Youth Olympic Games in October.
An IOC panel chaired by Li Lingwei of China and also including Olympic Games executive director Christophe Dubi began a two-day trip to the Argentinian capital.
The visit began this afternoon with presentations on aspects including transportation and the Olympic Park.
The group then inspected venues which will be used for the Games.
It marks the last inspection before the Games take place later this year from October 6 to 18.
Buenos Aires 2018 launched a jaguar mascot this week ©Buenos Aires 2018
It follows this week's launch of jaguar mascot #Pandi.
The mascot is named with a hashtag at the beginning to demonstrate its strong online profile.
It aims to inspire youths to embrace sport as a tool to make the world a better place, while also raising awareness about the species' risk of extinction.
A short animation has been released to show #Pandi making its way across Buenos Aires, demonstrating its athletic prowess before reaching the iconic Obelisk, the location of the Opening Ceremony.
Spam is a popular canned meat product made of pork shoulder and ham. Spam is manufactured by Hormel based in Austin, Minnesota.
Hormel has announced that they are recalling approximately 228,000 pounds of canned pork and chicken products that may contain pieces of metal.
The canned meat products were produced from February 8 through February 10, 2018. Here is a list of the recalled items:
12-oz. metal cans containing “SPAM Classic” with a “Best By” February 2021 date and production codes: F020881, F020882, F020883, F020884, F020885, F020886, F020887, F020888 and F020889. These products were shipped throughout the United States.
12-oz. metal cans containing “Hormel Foods Black-Label Luncheon Loaf” with a “Best By” February 2021 date and production codes F02098 and F02108. These products were shipped to Guam only.
Look on the bottome of the can for "EST> 199n". These Spam items were shipped throughout the United State and Guam.
If you have questions about the recall you can contact Hormel Foods at 800-523-4635.
See Also:
Photo: Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé, the beer's namesake and label inspiration, ordered the creators to cease and desist. The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it. Now, members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles.
Related: Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment.
“As a Hispanic, female-run business, I am very inspired by them so I thought I'd pay homage,” Martinez told Pitchfork. “We're disappointed they didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!”
Bey and their representatives have not commented.
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles, including Bon Appétit magazine, which wrote that it's “perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song.”
We'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé, but it'd be a shame to waste it.
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
0:59 VC Summer Nuclear Generating Station tour of the new reactors being built
SOUND FAMILIAR? Cambridge Analytica Executives Caught On Camera Suggesting The Use Of Ex-Spies And Entrapment To Interfere With Elections
Channel 4 News went undercover and captured executives from Cambridge Analytica suggesting the use of former spies, shell companies and entrapment to affect the outcome of an election. Sound familiar?
Lydney Town will welcome Jack Rutter, Billy Guest and Ryan Pendrey back into their squad for Tuesday night's Hellenic Premier Division clash with Royal Wootton Bassett Town, writes Johnny Morton.
The trio missed Lydney's 2-1 win over Wantage Town on Saturday, which seen Town get revenge over their FA Cup conquerors from the previous weekend.
Manager Mark Lee says they are delighted with how their squad stuck to the game plan against The Alfredians.
"We went there with a game plan and they stuck to it and followed it to the letter," said Lee.
"It's a very good result and I'm very pleased at the turn around in fortunes. What we worked on last week and the plan we went there with, I'm delighted to see that be put in to practice and the players to follow it through.
"I've always known they were capable of doing so, it's just been a shaky start for us. The task is now to follow that performance up tomorrow night."
Ben Hands, who is dual-registered with Cinderford Town, netted their first goal for the club, and Lee says they can be a key man when available.
"As and when they are available they are a great addition," they added.
"He took their goal well and played a part in the second goal with the penalty. He's done really well.
"It depends on Cinderford and when they are in their plans."
Royal Wootton Bassett have started their league campaign with a draw against Brackley Town Saints and a 3-1 defeat to Bracknell Town, and Lee is hoping their side can keep their great record going against the Wiltshire outfit.
"I've seen their results, but it's obviously very early days," they said.
"Traditionally we do very well against them, but with how we have been going before Saturday, you can't take anything for granted.
"We have to give a good account of ourselves and take care of what we do."
1 of 22 View Captions
(Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) The Mormon Tabernacle Choir warms up prior to funeral services for Elder Robert D. Ha... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) President Dieter F. Uchtdorf conducts funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at t... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) The Mormon Tabernacle Choir sings at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at th... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) The Mormon Tabernacle Choir sings at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at th... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) The Mormon Tabernacle Choir stands in respect at funeral services for Elder Robert D.... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Young Women General President Bonnie L. Oscarson and Neill F. Marriott at funeral ser... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) President Russell M. Nelson speaks at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at t... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Elder M. Russell Ballard speaks at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the ... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Mary Hales at funeral services for their husband, Elder Robert D. Hales at the Salt Lak... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Elder M. Russell Ballard speaks at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the ... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) President Henry B. Eyring speaks at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) A flag is draped over the casket at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Family at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the Salt Lake Tabernacle in S... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the Salt Lake Tabernacle in Salt Lake C... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) President Dieter F. Uchtdorf conducts funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at t... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the Salt Lake Tabernacle in Salt Lake C... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the Salt Lake Tabernacle in Salt Lake C... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the Salt Lake Tabernacle in Salt Lake C... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) President Russell M. Nelson speaks at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at t... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) President Russell M. Nelson speaks at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at t... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) at funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the Salt Lake Tabernacle in Salt Lak... (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Funeral services for Elder Robert D. Hales at the Salt Lake Tabernacle in Salt Lake C...
PHILADELPHIA - Genetic counseling for cancer patients has become standard of care at academic medical centers, but patients cared for at community-based medical practices across the United States may not have access to these resources. Video and phone sessions can close that gap and bring genetic counseling to patients who would not otherwise have the chance to receive it, according to a new study from the Basser Center for BRCA at the University of Pennsylvania's Abramson Cancer Center.
Researchers conducted a randomized, controlled trial to determine whether patients at community practices would undergo genetic testing after a remote phone or video counseling session and found 77 percent of patients chose to do so, compared to just six percent in the group of patients that were offered usual care options for genetic testing, such as driving to a center with genetic counselor or having genetic testing with their doctor and without the assistance of a genetics professional. The study's lead author, Angela R. Bradbury, MD, an assistant professor of Hematology-Oncology, will present the findings at the 2018 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting in Chicago (Abstract #6506).
Germline genetic testing helps doctors identify patients at increased risk for cancer who may benefit from additional or early screening or other cancer prevention interventions. This testing includes detection of BRCA mutations, which are linked to a drastically increased lifetime risk of breast and ovarian cancers, as well as pancreatic and prostate cancer. Genetic counselors work as part of a patient's healthcare team and can help patients and providers understand how genetic and familial risk contribute to cancer risk, they can make recommendations for the most appropriate genetic testing and provide guidance on how to understand genetic results and what they mean for a patient's healthcare. Currently, only 37 percent of patients who undergo testing meet with a counselor beforehand.
Bradbury and their team randomly assigned 115 patients who were candidates for genetic testing into two groups - one that received a phone or video counseling session and one that were provided information on how they can get genetic testing. All participants were patients at primary care practices throughout Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, and Maryland.
Of the 71 patients in the group offered remote genetic counseling services, 55 of them (77 percent) went on to complete the counseling. Just two of 36 patients (six percent) in the usual care group completed genetic counseling. In addition, 55 percent of patients in the remote services arm proceeded to actual genetic testing, leading to the identification of four genetic carriers. Only 17 percent of patients in the usual care arm underwent testing, and no carriers were identified.
"The data definitively show the impact of remote genetic services, and it's clear from this study that this telemedicine approach improves on what community practices can do on their own," Bradbury said. "That said, it's noteworthy that just 56 percent of patients who underwent remote counseling went on to undergo genetic testing. It shows we still have work to do to help equip patients with this information, which can be life-saving in some cases."
Bradbury also noted another important area to address: the discrepancy between patients in the usual care arm who underwent counseling and those who underwent testing.
"The data confirm that some people in community practices are getting testing without going through counseling first, and previous studies have shown that patients have lower levels of knowledge and lower satisfaction when that happens," Bradbury said.
The study also compared the effectiveness of the two telemedicine options and preliminary findings suggest that videoconference leads to a greater increase in knowledge and a greater decrease in depression when compared to baseline than phone sessions. The authors note this finding is preliminary and points to a need for further research. Susan M. Domchek, MD, executive director of the Basser Center for BRCA, was a co-investigator on the study, which was supported by the Basser Center for BRCA.
Bradbury will present the findings as an oral abstract in the Health Services Research, Clinical Informatics, and Quality of Care session on Friday June 1st at McCormick Place in Room S404 at 4:45 Central.
###
Penn Medicine is one of the world's leading academic medical centers, dedicated to the related missions of medical education, biomedical research, and excellence in patient care. Penn Medicine consists of the Raymond and Ruth Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania (founded in 1765 as the nation's first medical school) and the University of Pennsylvania Health System, which together form a $7.8 billion enterprise.
The Perelman School of Medicine has been ranked among the top medical schools in the United States for more than 20 years, according to U.S. News & World Report's survey of research-oriented medical schools. The School is consistently among the nation's top recipients of funding from the National Institutes of Health, with $405 million awarded in the 2017 fiscal year.
The University of Pennsylvania Health System's patient care facilities include: The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and Penn Presbyterian Medical Center -- which are recognized as one of the nation's top "Honor Roll" hospitals by U.S. News & World Report -- Chester County Hospital; Lancaster General Health; Penn Medicine Princeton Health; Penn Wissahickon Hospice; and Pennsylvania Hospital -- the nation's first hospital, founded in 1751. Additional affiliated inpatient care facilities and services throughout the Philadelphia region include Good Shepherd Penn Partners, a partnership between Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network and Penn Medicine, and Princeton House Behavioral Health, a leading provider of highly skilled and compassionate behavioral healthcare.
Penn Medicine is committed to improving lives and health through a variety of community-based programs and activities. In fiscal year 2017, Penn Medicine provided more than $500 million to benefit our community.
Bryant played without leading scorer Adam Grant, who missed their second straight game because of a sprained ankle. Ikenna Ndugba led the Bulldogs with 17 points.
BIG PICTURE
Bryant: The Bulldogs, who played no one taller than 6-7, entered the game ranked No. 333 in the country in field goal percentage (39.7 per cent). They had success early on against the much-taller Cardinals, making 12 of their first 21 shots to keep it close.
They made just eight of their last 37 shots, as coach Tim O'Shea said Louisville's athleticism just took over.
"They just kind of wear you down," they said.
Louisville: The Cardinals, who played six players 6-7 or taller, eventually used their size to their advantage and notched their biggest margin of victory of the season. They enjoyed a 46-29 rebounding edge, blocked seven shots and outscored the Bulldogs 50-26 in the paint.
FRESHMAN WATCH
Lance Thomas played for just the fifth time this season, yet they made the most of their time. They scored 10 points in as many minutes and grabbed seven rebounds, all personal bests.
Because of Louisville's frontcourt, Thomas' opportunities have been limited. However, Padgett said he's liked what he's seen so far from the 6-8 forward and that it could lead to more playing time.
"He just continues to work every single day and get better," Padgett said. "The improvement he's made from the first day they got here in the summer has been remarkable."
THEY SAID IT
Despite the mismatch between the two schools, O'Shea said games like this can be lucrative for smaller schools because of the exposure they provide. There's also a financial incentive as well. They recalled a conversation with Kansas coach Bill Self where, before a game, they joked they should have a cardboard check ceremony before the opening tip.
"That's the reality of scheduling sometimes," the 17-year head coach said. "There is a revenue component to these games."
UP NEXT
Bryant: The Bulldogs conclude their portion of the Gotham Classic when they host Siena on Sunday. Louisville beat the Saints 86-60 last Wednesday.
Louisville: The Cardinals travel to New York for Saturday's Gotham Classic main event, where they will face Memphis at Madison Square Garden.
By Steve Bittenbender, The Associated Press
New research published in Schizophrenia Research conducted at the University of Liverpool links brain structure to an individual's likelihood of experiencing hallucinations and to their musical aptitude.
Previous research has showed that musicians have increased white matter integrity in a specific part of the brain called the corpus callosum, a thick band of nerve fibres that connects the left and right halves of the brain, enabling communication between the hemispheres.
In psychotic individuals with auditory verbal hallucinations the integrity of the corpus callosum has been found to be reduced.
Researchers from the University's Psychological Sciences department identified 38 healthy individuals aged between 18 and 63 and tested their propensity to hallucinate, musical aptitude and measured their detailed brain structure using an MRI scanner.
The researchers observed that participants with higher musical aptitude showed lower hallucination proneness. More importantly, the research revealed musical aptitude was positively associated with corpus callosum integrity whereas hallucination proneness was associated with lower integrity in the fibres connecting the two hemispheres of the brain.
A statistical analysis indicated that the relationship between hallucination proneness and musical aptitude is mediated by microstructure in the corpus callosum.
Of the study Researcher Amy Spray said: "These results could have important clinical implications. If musical aptitude increases the white matter integrity of the corpus callosum, musical training could potentially counteract an individual's predisposition of hallucinations.
"Future research should address whether rehabilitation approaches that include musical training can benefit patients with psychosis."
###
The full paper, entitled 'Relationship between hallucination proneness and musical aptitude is mediated by microstructure in the corpus callosum', can be found here.
REA Gunne have brought to the market this stunning home at 15 Faughart Terrace on St Mary's Road, Dundalk for €350,000.
Beyond the distinctive red brick façade of this Faughart Terrace house lies a warm and inviting home, which has been lovingly maintained, retaining many charming period features including high ceilings, ornate cornicing, coving, original floor boards and sash windows.
The description of this handsome home would not be complete without mentioning its fantastic location, Faughart Terrace which is situated on St Mary' s Road a popular, convenient and highly sought after residential location with all amenities on your doorstep.
Spanning 3 floors, the accommodation provides a bright entrance hall with leaded glass sidelight and lovely parquet flooring. The elegant drawing room with sash bay window, wood flooring and feature fireplace adjoins the formal dining room which has double doors leading to a private patio area right out of " House & Garden" . The well proportioned kitchen, dining, living area comes with fitted units, appliances and has double doors leading to a mature country style garden. A utility area and wc complete the ground floor accommodation.
The beautiful original staircase leading to the 1st floor has a sash window giving natural light to the landing and provides 3 generous bedrooms all with original wood flooring and a family bathroom with cast iron bath and separate shower. The 2nd floor of the property has the exquisite main bedroom which is light filled and has an " Oeil-de-boeuf" window, original wood flooring, built in wardrobe and adjoining shower room.
With the beautiful shrub filled south west facing country garden, which has a reclaimed York stone patio area to the back with vehicular access and English garden with wrought iron railings to the front.
Click here for more information
July 4 (UPI) -- Actress and television personality Yvette Nicole Brown confirmed Wednesday they will fill in for Chris Hardwick as panel host at San Diego Comic-Con.
"I will say this once. I am filling in for a friend, which I have done before. I am not jockeying for a job. I have enough of my own. It is my prayer that God's Will is done in the midst of this process & that everyone is okay. My character is known & sound. Nothing has changed," the Mom and Community star tweeted Wednesday.
Brown's social media post followed a Deadline.com report Tuesday, which said Brown would replace Hardwick as host of The Walking Dead panel at SDCC on July 20. The article also speculated they could take over Talking Dead if AMC does not permit Hardwick to return as that series' host.
Hardwick's post-show analysis program -- on which Brown frequently is a guest -- was suspended last month while the network investigates their ex-girlfriend Chloe Dykstra's allegations against them of sexual and emotional abuse. Hardwick denied any wrongdoing while acknowledging they and Dykstra were not a good match.
During the 24 hours of June 6/7, two-and-a-half inches of rain fell.
On the morning of June 7, I took my dog for a walk to see how the Flood Alleviation Scheme between West Monkseaton and Murton was working.
I was delighted to see that it was doing exactly what it was intended to do, i.e. the ponds and drainage channels were slowing the flow of water from the fields.
I am confident that if we get a recurrence of the storm of June 28, 2012, the system would cope adequately.
Well done North Tyneside Council.
Les Taylder
West Monkseaton
Ten reasons the Flyers are no longer in the NHL playoffs | Sam Carchidi
Ten reasons the Flyers are no longer in the NHL playoffs | Sam Carchidi Apr 23
Sam Carchidi became an Inquirer staff writer in 1984 and covered mostly South Jersey high school sports and the Phillies before taking the Flyers beat. Carchidi has written three books: the nationally acclaimed Miracle in the Making: The Adam Taliaferro Story, which they co-authored with Scott Brown; Bill Campbell: The Voice of Philadelphia Sports ; and Standing Tall: The Kevin Everett Story , which was featured on the Oprah Winfrey Show. They also contributed to a 1993 Inquirer book on the Phillies. A lifelong South Jersey resident, Carchidi lives in Wenonah with their wife, JoAnn, and their two children, Sara and Sammy.
Paul Holmgren (right), the Flyers' president, says GM Ron Hextall will have “free rein” to spend as they see fit in free agency. In the middle is Dave Scott, the Comcast Spectacor president and CEO, in a photo from earlier in the season.
Although he's not happy with their team's early playoff exit, club president Paul Holmgren thinks the Flyers are on track to be a Stanley Cup contender, and they made it clear in an interview Tuesday that they are on board with any offseason decision made by their general manager, Ron Hextall.
Holmgren said Hextall will have “free rein” to sign free agents if they think they will bolster the team.
The salary cap is expected to climb from $75 million to the $80 million range this summer. If it does, the Flyers could have around $25.5 million of available space if they buy out forward Jori Lehtera.
They still have to sign some of their own players, but they should have plenty left over to make a bid for a marquee free-agent like Islanders center John Tavares or Washington defenseman John Carlson or San Jose left winger Evander Kane — if Hextall has that desire. (Keep in mind that Ivan Provorov and Travis Konecny will be due big raises after next season.)
Hextall has been the general manager for four years, and “the team continues to show development,” Holmgren said. “Is there a point in time where they look to add? Their job is look at what's available at whatever time. And if they think it's a deal that's in the best interest of the organization moving forward, then their job is to act on it.”
This is the first time in their tenure that Hextall will have significant cap room.
“Ron has the flexibility to do whatever they want with their cap space and their roster,” Holmgren said when asked about the possibilities of signing a free agent. “If that's the decision they want to make moving forward, he's got free rein to do that. I think Ron continues to do what's right for the organization.”
As for the season, the Flyers were eliminated by the Pittsburgh Penguins in six games, and they were outscored by a 25-6 margin in their four losses in the conference quarterfinals. In the series, the Flyers were 2-1 in Pittsburgh and 0-3 at the Wells Fargo Center.
It was fitting, because their regular season, which produced 98 points and a third-place finish in the tough Metropolitan Division, was topsy-turvy. It was a season that included a 10-game losing skid and lots of up-and-down streaks, but it also featured strong play over the last four months. The Flyers were tied for the NHL's fifth-best record from Dec. 4 until the end of the season.
“There were certainly some high points and certainly some low points,” said Holmgren, whose club made a 10-point improvement over last season. “To make a push and get close to 100 points, I think we're a team that's on the upswing. We had some good growth from some players this year. I think some of our young players blossomed and it gives us some things to look forward to as they continue to get better and better.”
Asked to grade the team's overall season, Holmgren said “it's incomplete. We need to continue to get better because our goal is to win a Stanley Cup.”
The Flyers, who haven't won a Cup since 1975, have numerous prospects who are getting closer to the NHL, including defensemen Samuel Morin and Phil Myers, wingers Nicolas Aube-Kubel and Carsen Twarynski, centers Mike Vecchione and Morgan Frost, and goalie Carter Hart.
“The timetable on when and if they make an impact with the Flyers usually lies with them,” Holmgren said. “We're excited about the number of good young players we have in our organization.”
Realistically, Hart is two years away and will start next season with the AHL's Phantoms.
“I don't think it would make sense to think about them playing any time soon with the Flyers,” Holmgren said.
Down the road, Hart could be the centerpiece of the Flyers' playoff hopes.
“We're excited. You look at what he's doing, you look at what he's done in the Canadian juniors the last few years, and what he's done on the World Championship stage for Team Canada in the world junior tournament,” Holmgren said. “We are excited, but you just have to be careful in terms of [when they're] playing in the NHL. I think the coaches and certainly Ron are aware of that. The excitement of having all these young players coming into the organization is great. Sooner or later, they're going to be playing for the Flyers, but we can't count on it happening overnight.”
On the subject of attendance, Holmgren was asked why there were more than 1,000 empty seats for each of their three home playoff games. The Flyers said the games were sellouts.
Holmgren said the seats were sold by the Flyers to brokers, who apparently couldn't sell the tickets.
There were blocks of empty seats behind the nets. Holmgren said the Flyers need to “move the seats around” that they sell to brokers and “position them differently,” so large blocks of seats aren't empty.
“It doesn't look good when you see rows of empty seats in the playoffs,” they said.
Said Holmgren: “Our fans are great. They show up in tremendous numbers, and as we continue to improve our product we expect our fans will continue to be there and support us because that's what Flyers fans do.”
Breakaways
Flyers winger Wayne Simmonds was named one of three finalists Tuesday for the NHL's Mark Messier Leadership Award. Winnipeg's Blake Wheeler and Vegas' Deryk Engelland are the other finalists for the award, which is presented for leadership and helping the community grow the sport.
.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The NSW minister responsible for the controversial sale of Sydney's Sirius building is standing by the decision despite a backlash from the building's supporters.
The coalition argues money raised by the government selling off the brutalist building at the Rocks will allow more social housing to be built.
But critics say that's ridiculous given that the government is spending $2 billion to knock down and rebuild two Sydney sports stadiums.
Social Housing Minister Pru Goward on Tuesday argued the stadiums investment was needed to keep people off welfare.
Cabinet needed to invest in the stadiums or risk losing hundreds of jobs in the tourism and events sector, they told AAP.
"That ends up with more people needing welfare and social support," Ms Goward said.
"Government is responsible to take a broad view of what makes a state work well."
Community group Save Our Sirius says the stadium money could be used for social housing and the Sirius could be spared the wrecking ball.
But the minister insists Sirius needs to be sold regardless of the stadiums investment because it's not fit for purpose and wouldn't pass building regulations.
"We need to use it (proceeds of the sale) to build more social housing," Ms Goward said.
More than 60,000 people were on the waiting list for social housing in NSW and it was a "very sensible" decision to sell Sirius, they said.
The building adjacent to the Harbour Bridge - which has been used for social housing for more than 30 years - is being sold to developers who are expected to replace it with private apartments.
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Red Wings Ticket GiveawayChevrolet and 97.1 The Tickets have your tickets to see the Detroit Red Wings take on Toronto on December 15. Listen to Jamie and Stoney from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
By Justin Crivelli
As marketers, we often take for granted the technical complexities that take place when sending an email from one address to another. We are so accustomed to pressing a button and having thousands, if not millions, of emails sent to their intended destination, with no questions asked.
If we do have issues in delivering those messages, we are often told (typically by yours truly) that the reason for non-delivery is reputation related, and that there is work to be done on the sender's behalf in order to improve. However, there are times (albeit it rares) that the non-delivery of an address has more to do with the ISP than it does the sender. This is typically where the mystery of the valid/invalid address comes into play.
Domains Will Let Us Know
Determining when an address is valid or not all goes back to the bounce code that ESPs get back from the receiving domain. Those domains will almost always let us know if the message was delivered or not, and if the message was not delivered, they typically tell us why.
When the ESP receives a message that includes a specific “5xx” type error, coupled with a description such as “User Not Found”, “User does not exist” etc. that's how we know that the address itself is no longer reachable, or doesn't exist. The platform then considers this a Hard Bounceback, and as a result, we mark the domain as invalid.
As a brief refresher, the reason we mark that address as invalid, is to prevent further harm to a sender's reputation when mailing to that domain. Sending mail to addresses that no longer exist is a big time no-no in the eyes of ISPs.
Therefore, taking away the ability for a sender to mail to those addresses moving forward, is a proactive way of protecting that sender's reputation over the long haul. If they were to continue mailing to a wide array of those types of addresses, reputation and ultimately inbox placement would suffer immensely.
Domains Do Make Mistakes
The issue here is that sometimes domains do make mistakes in terms of what they are telling us within the bounceback message. This is where we run into the scenario, where valid addresses are marked as invalid by the platform that is sending them mail. Essentially, all domains/ISPs are recommended to adhere to RFC guidelines outlining how SMTP error codes are handled during sending/receiving of email.
Those guidelines are outlined here. These guidelines clearly define how mail systems should be sending bounces back over the internet. Domains who choose not to follow these defined best practices will continue to cause these types of mis-categorization issues. In other words if a domain sends an ESP back an error that looks like a Hard Bounce, then the ESP has no choice but to process that as a Hard Bounce and mark that address as invalid.
If the ESP did not, it then runs the risk of letting its sender's mail to a high number of invalid addresses, which would completely ruin their sender reputation. The risk of doing that far outweighs the reward of salvaging just a few valid addresses.
Case Closed
So now that the mystery is solved as to why these addresses get marked invalid when they are in fact valid, let's focus on what you as a sender can do about it in order to protect that customer experience that is so valuable to a successful email marketing program. First, it is important to understand where this scenario is most likely to occur.
Typically, we see this take place when mailing to smaller, private, domains such as businesses, .edu, .gov, etc. This is because those domains simply don't have the same type of buttoned up infrastructures like the Gmail's, Yahoo!'s, and Hotmail's of the world. If you see this take place at one of these smaller domains, your best bet as a sender is to get confirmation that the address in question is in fact valid, and then reset their Deliverability status to valid within your platform's UI.
If you as a sender are in direct communication with the customers who were accidentally marked as invalid (they do often report this into a call center to complain they are not receiving emails), we recommend reaching out proactively to these customers and advising them to raise these issues to their internal IT teams. This way those teams can work internally to prevent this issue from happening again in the future.
This will show that you as a sender are willing to go the extra mile to ensure that the individual's customer experience is a good one, which will only strengthen your relationship with that customer moving forward.
Bigger Problems?
Another item to point out is that even though that address bounced and was classified incorrectly, the fact of the matter is that the address is still bouncing in the first place. This means that there are likely bigger problems going on at the domain you are experiencing this issue at.
There is likely a reputation based block taking place, and it will be important to adhere to all relevant best practices moving forward when mailing to that domain. Doing so should decrease the extent of the bouncing, and prevent the problem of the Valid Invalid address from occurring in the first place.
At the end of the day, a few valid addresses being marked as invalid at smaller domains, is going to happen from time to time. Senders who ensure they are following best practices when sending out their daily marketing campaigns, will minimize this quite a bit.
However, if reputation is already an issue, a few addresses being marked incorrectly is more of warning of a bigger issue that is taking place and impacting deliverability. Doing your due diligence as a sender to resolve those larger issues to prevent smaller ones should always be top priority!
Mystery solved.
More Mobile All the Time
According to research over half of all emails are opened on a mobile device. Unfortunately, all the work we do to ensure our emails render flawlessly on the desktop doesn't take into consideration how these same emails will show up on a smaller screen.
Download the Mobile Email Guide to learn how to improve the mobile marketing experience for your customers.
Image source: Pexels
Source:: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/itsallaboutrevenue/~3/rixzC3KlGnY/email-marketing-and-the-mystery-of-the-valid-invalid-address
U.S. officials on Thursday charged that Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad has manufactured and deployed new chemical weapons in stark violation of a 2013 agreement, supposedly overseen by Russia, that would eliminate the entire Syrian inventory of weapons of mass destruction.
According to these officials, the Assad regime kept some of its chemical weapons despite copious assurances to the contrary by Russia and the Obama administration. Obama and their top officials spent years boasting they had removed “one hundred percent” of the chemical weapons from Syria, as then-Secretary of State John Kerry claimed, without resorting to military action.
Of course, the repeated use of chemical weapons by the Syrian regime long ago made a mockery of these claims. A joint investigative mission of the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons found that Syria used chemical weapons in 2014, 2015, and 2017, prompting Russia to use its U.N. Security Council veto to halt the investigation.
Trump administration officials were more specific on Thursday about how Assad was able to preserve part of their stockpile and develop more “evolved” methods of deploying them against citizens in smaller, more precisely targeted amounts. One example provided at the briefing was using ground-launched munitions to disperse sophisticated chemical mixtures, rather than loading WMD into the indiscriminate mass-casualty “barrel bombs” previously favored by the Syrian regime.
“They think they can get away with it if they keep it under a certain level,” one official explained.
Concerns were expressed that Assad would continue making these smaller “instrument of terror” strikes against stubborn rebel enclaves. Russian and Iranian assistance appears to have secured Assad in power after years of bloody civil war, but they have been unable to crush the last few pockets of resistance, and they are currently seeking to engage the Syrian government in U.N.-sponsored peace talks, which could yet pose a threat to Assad's power. Russia's attempt to hijack this process and arrange negotiations more favorable to the Syrian regime ended in disaster earlier this week.
The officials said that evidence from recent chemical attacks suggests Assad illegally retained a “continued production capacity” for weapons of mass destruction, and is continuing to produce agents they have deployed in the past, such as chlorine and sarin. They said there was no indication of research into new weapons, which is fortunate because even deadlier chemical mixtures exist.
The U.S. officials also worried that Syria's chemical weapons, and the knowledge of how to use small amounts to carry out effective terror attacks, could spread beyond Syria's borders and threaten the United States. This is especially troubling because the new tactics developed by the Assad regime make it more difficult to trace the origin of chemical attacks.
For this reason, they said the United States “reserves the right to use military force,” although the administration believes international sanctions and diplomatic pressure may yet prove effective.
The press briefing was held anonymously by officials who said they were not authorized to speak on the record. On Friday, Secretary of Defense James Mattis said the United States was investigating reports of the Assad regime using sarin gas and accused it of repeatedly using chlorine.
A new chlorine gas attack against the rebel-held Damascus suburb of Eastern Ghouta was reported on Thursday, the third such attack in three weeks. Over 20 civilians, some of them children, were hospitalized with breathing difficulties following a missile strike by regime forces. British-based weapons analyst Elliot Higgins noted the lot number stamped on a recovered missile fragment suggested the weapons came from the same batch used in a suspected chlorine gas attack on the same area on January 22.
“Today Douma woke up breathing chlorine in the western neighborhoods. Only the sun can protect us. The international community has abandoned us,” said a local nurse.
PARIS (AP) — French police say an 8-year-old girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed their car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts.
The official said it is unclear whether the act was deliberate. The official was not authorized to be publicly named according to police policy.
An Algerian man drove their car into a group of French soldiers last week, and a truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago. Several other countries have seen cars used as weapons in recent years.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Just when you thought there's an emoji for everything, Apple is adding hundreds more.
*Insert curious emoji face with monocle*
The tech giant announced on Friday that next week's iOS update will include more expressive smiley faces, gender-neutral options, mythical creatures, clothing, food and animals.
It previewed more than two dozen emoji that fit into these categories, including a hedgehog, a carton of Chinese takeout, a giraffe, fairy, dinosaur, broccoli, sled, a scarf and vampire. There's also a hand signing "I love you" and an angry emoji face with explicit characters blocking the mouth.
The new emoji will appear in the developer and public beta previews of iOS 11.1. Apple said they will be more widely available in upcoming software updates for iOS, macOS and watchOS.
The update will also include the emoji announced on World Emoji Day earlier this year, such as a breastfeeding mom and a woman in a headscarf.
Related: Apple unveils new emoji, including breastfeeding mom
Apple has stepped up efforts to include more diverse options, such as the new gender-neutral characters. It's also added more skin tones and country flags in recent updates.
Apple isn't the only company trying to make emoji more inclusive. Earlier this year, Facebook released a slate of new family emoji with a range of skin tones and family makeups.
The new emoji are Apple's interpretation of symbols approved this year by the Unicode Consortium, a nonprofit that sets the global standard for emoji and other software. Companies like Apple and Google create versions for their platforms based on the guidelines. That's why emoji look different on iPhones than on Android devices.
Android has also recently redesigned its emoji and added new options like a T. rex, orange heart and vomiting face. Its previous emoji were criticized for looking like blobs.
SANTA MONICA, Calif. (AP) - Actor Anthony Anderson will host the second annual NBA Awards.
The show honoring the league's top performers will air June 25 on TNT from Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, California. The league MVP, defensive player of the year, rookie of the year and lifetime achievement awards will be handed out, among others.
Anderson, the star of ABC's "black-ish," is an NBA fan who frequently attends games in Los Angeles. They have previously hosted the NCAAP Image Awards and BET Awards.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
CLEVELAND — LeBron James will sit out Friday's exhibition game against the Indiana Pacers as they recover from a sprained left ankle.
James got hurt on Sept. 27 when they stepped on a teammate's foot in practice. They took part in Cleveland's workout on Thursday and the club wanted to see how they responded before deciding if they would try to go against the Pacers. He's going to sit again as a precaution, the team said.
The three-time champion also missed Wednesday's preseason opener against Atlanta. Cleveland next plays on Tuesday against Chicago.
James and their teammates attended Thursday night's AL Division Series matchup between the Indians and New York Yankees.
Alma Mater, a Tacoma collabora­tive art house, officially opened its doors April 15. The multifunctional space caters to community artists of all kinds. Musicians, writers, physical artists, theater productionists and even more can be accommodated in Alma Mater's newly renovated space.
This union hall turned art haven is situated on Fawcett Avenue just blocks away from UW Tacoma. Alma Mater features a bar, brunch restau­rant, top notch coffee shop, art gallery, outdoor dining area and light filled recording studio. The biggest attrac­tion, though, comes from its theater large enough to accommodate 500 — equipped with exceptional lighting and sound quality. Member artists can also utilize the workspace and kitch­enette for hosting parties and classes or working on projects.
Jason Heminger, founder of Alma Mater, thought up the idea for the space after working in the education field in Colorado. In 2015, Heminger brought on their longtime friends Aar­on Spiro and Rachel Ervin — a UWT alumna and past editor of Tahoma West. Since then, the Tacoma com­munity has been excitedly awaiting and investing in the space.
Honey, the in-house bistro and cafe, serves amazing coffee with an authentic and artisan feel. Unique menu items like cow heart steak and spiced tofu or potatoes and cauliflow­er will leave you slightly confused but completely satisfied. This space seems to emanate creativity in a way that could make you so inspired that you curl up and write the next great Amer­ican novel.
While the bar isn't quite finished, what captures the most attention is the art itself.
When walking into Alma Mater, you're immediately greeted by local art. Currently featured are artists Ni­cole McCarthy and Caitlin Obom. Their piece “On the Ave of Temporal­ity & Memory” features videos of Ta­coma and quote dawned maps. The thought provoking quotes linger with you and remind you of the concept of home and how we conceptualize it both individually and as a society.
Another piece of art worth check­ing out at Alma Mater is “The Port,” an audio-visual experience by Peter Berkley and Heminger situated in an unassuming closet. Inside is set up with a projector and headphones so you can tune in and charge your brain.
“When you start thinking about home you can't really tie it to a place, it could be anywhere, it's really ultimately a state of mind or a state of being,” Berkeley said. “I was trying to replicate that state of being on a subconscious level using patterns and sound.”
Like this: Like Loading...
As resistance to antibiotics grows in the U.S., researchers are looking for new ways to fight germs like Clostridium difficile, a bacterium that can cause fatal infections in hospitals and nursing homes.
One way to do that: a “CRISPR pill” that instructs harmful bacteria to self-destruct.
CRISPR is the powerful gene-editing technology already being explored as a way to precisely edit human genes to cure diseases (see "Can CRISPR Save Ben Dupree?"). But the technology's versatility is such that it's being studied for a huge range of other uses. Just last week scientists in Boston showed they could craft CRISPR into cheap, simple diagnostic tests.
Now scientists want to turn it into ultra-precise antimicrobial treatments to “specifically kill your bacteria of choice,” says food scientist Jan-Peter Van Pijkeren of the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
While not a household name, Clostridium difficile tops the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's list of urgent drug-resistant threats. A 2015 study by the agency found that the bug caused nearly half a million infections in Americans, including 15,000 deaths.
CRISPR was actually discovered in bacteria. In fact, the system is an immune defense bacteria use to fend off invading viruses called bacteriophage.
The way it works is that bacteria store memories of viral DNA in their own genomes as “clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats”—or CRISPRs. They use this memory, plus a DNA-slicing enzyme known as a Cas to recognize and chop up the genes of invading bacteriophage.
Van Pijkeren's idea is to use bacteriophage to send a false message to C. difficile, one that instead causes the bacteria to make lethal cuts to its own DNA.
To do it, Van Pijkeren lab is developing bacteriophage capable of carrying a customized CRISPR message. On their own, the bacteriophage would quickly get broken down by stomach acid. So to get the viruses into a person, Van Pijkeren plans to add them to a cocktail of innocuous bacteria, or probiotic, that a person could swallow as a pill or a liquid.
Van Pijkeren compares the probiotic to a “mothership.” As the probiotic bacteria pass through a person's intestinal tract, the bacteriophage would burst forth and infect any nearby C. difficile, causing them to hack up their own DNA.
Van Pijkeren says the probiotic is still in early stages of development and hasn't been tested in animals. However, researchers have previously shown that using bacteriophages to trigger CRISPR can efficiently kill skin bacteria and might also help combat Shigella sonnei, a diarrheal infection common in the developing world.
A few companies, including Eligo Bioscience in Paris and Locus Biosciences, a spinout from North Carolina State University, have started to pursue CRISPR-based antibiotics commercially.
The appeal of using CRISPR is that such drugs would be very specific—theoretically, they would kill a single species of germ while leaving beneficial bacteria intact. Broad-spectrum antibiotics, by contrast, kill off large swaths of both good and bad bacteria. In fact, the overuse and abuse of conventional antibiotics is what leads to resistance in the first place.
“As long as we house patients together in a hospital or in a nursing home and we give a lot of them antibiotics we're going to have a problem with C. difficile,” says Herbert DuPont, director of the Center for Infectious Diseases at the University of Texas.
That's why alternatives like the one Van Pijkeren's is developing are greatly needed. However, Peter Fineran, a microbiologist at the University of Otago in New Zealand, says “there is still quite a long way to go before this replaces our current antibiotics.”
They say one challenge in deploying the approach against more types of bacteria will be finding suitable bacteriophage. That's because each type tends to infect only specific bacteria. Fineran predicts CRISPR will become “a complementary tool in the arsenal against the rise in antibiotic resistant and pathogenic bacteria.”
OTTAWA — The Supreme Court of Canada says records detailing the abuse of former residential school students can eventually be destroyed.
The unanimous high court ruling Friday brings clarity to an issue that pitted the privacy of victims against the importance of documenting a dark chapter in Canada's relations with Indigenous Peoples.
Students provided accounts of physical, sexual and emotional abuse as part of an independent assessment process to provide compensation — a program that flowed from a major 2006 settlement agreement.
The Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that said the sensitive material should be destroyed after 15 years, though individuals could agree to have their stories preserved at the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation in Winnipeg.
In its reasons for the decision, the high court said the negotiators of the settlement agreement intended the assessment process to be a "confidential and private" one, and that claimants and alleged perpetrators relied on these confidentiality assurances.
The Assembly of First Nations had told the Supreme Court that overturning the Ontario Court of Appeal's decision would allow another breach of trust on the very same vulnerable people who were abused at residential schools as young children.
For over a century, tens of thousands of Indigenous children were required to attend residential schools, primarily run by religious institutions and funded by the federal government. Students were not allowed to use their languages or cultural practices.
The federal government unsuccessfully argued the documentary record must be fully preserved to ensure what happened is never forgotten.
It said federal laws governing access to information, privacy and archives provide the proper balance for safeguarding the records of historical value while protecting individual privacy and confidentiality.
— Follow @JimBronskill on Twitter
× A List Calendar: Festival of Arts & Richmond Greek Festival
RICHMOND, Va.– A Richmond tradition continues this summer at Dogwood Dell as the City's Department of Parks, Recreation and Community Facilities (PRCF) presents the 62nd Festival of heARTS. This year's festival has a slight name change as it is a summer long celebration of the volunteers who helped present this cultural treasure for more than 60 years. The 62nd Festival of heARTS kicks off on Sunday, June 3 at 7 p.m. with the United States Coast Guard Band performs, and runs through August 19. Performances include Carlton Blount and One Amazing Night of Music, Cyrus McCormick and the Reapers, Plunky and Oneness, Janet Martin Band, Trademark, Military All-Stars Concert Band, Dead Give Away, the Orquestra Tropikiimba and many more. Father's Day, June 17, will have a variety of local musicians displaying their talents during the Showcase of Richmond Open Mic Night All-Stars.
The 62nd Festival of heARTS also features creativity of dance with performances by Elegba Folklore Society, Coleman Collective and PRCF's City Dance Theater. PRCF is proud to present this year's theatrical production of “The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee”. The 9th annual Gospel Music Fest with The Belle is back, and new this year is the Afro Festival, a celebration of the diversity and culture of the African community, on August 11. This year's highlight is the city's annual Fourth of July Celebration at the Dell. Musical performances by the Richmond Concert Jazz Group and the Richmond Concert Band as fireworks light up the sky. The 62nd Festival of heARTS will entertain the entire family however, pets, alcohol or glass containers are not allowed. Dogwood Dell, 1301 Blanton Avenue, is located within Byrd Park. For a complete listing of this year's lineup and for more information, go to www.RichmondGov.com/parks and click on Cultural Arts, call the Dell Information Line at (804) 646-DELL, or follow PRCF on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Richmond Greek Festival
May 31 – June 3rd at Saints Constantine & Helen Greek Orthodox Cathedral, 30 Malvern Avenue. Food is available to eat in, take out and drive thru. Festival hours are Thursday – 11am – 9:30pm; Friday – Saturday 11am – 10pm; Sunday – 12pm – 7pm, gift certificates for the festival? We sell them in $15 increments and can be used on food and drinks (alcoholic beverages excluded)! They make excellent gifts and can be purchased easily. Please call the Cathedral office at 804-355-3687, menu and more information at https://www.greekfestival.com/
LANGSTON, Okla. (AP) - A 3.0-magnitude earthquake has shaken parts of central Oklahoma.
The U.S. Geological Survey says the quake was recorded at 1:50 p.m. Sunday about 9 miles (15 kilometers) north-northwest of Langston, which is about 43 miles (69 kilometers) north-northwest of Oklahoma City. The temblor was recorded at a depth of about 3 miles (5.5 kilometers).
No injuries or damage were reported. Geologists say damage is not likely in earthquakes below magnitude 4.0.
Thousands of earthquakes have been recorded in Oklahoma in recent years, with many linked to the underground injection of wastewater from oil and natural gas production. Scientists have also linked earthquakes in Kansas, Texas and other states to wastewater injection.
Oklahoma regulators have directed several oil and gas producers in the state to close injection wells or reduce volumes.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Four peacocks have escaped from the Philadelphia Zoo and casually took a stroll on a nearby highway.
The birds were spotted walking on Interstate 76 around 8:30 p.m. Wednesday. State police arrived and shut down two lanes of traffic on the highway, causing backups for miles.
Police say they managed to get the birds off the highway, but they were unable to capture them.
Zoo officials say the peacocks have gone to roost for the night, and they will work with police to recapture the birds Thursday morning.
The zoo says the flock roams freely on its grounds, and it is cared for by veterinary staff. The zoo says the birds sometimes venture past its gates, but they normally return home on their own.
North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho, second right, leaves the Swedish government building Rosenbad in central Stockholm, Sweden, Friday, March 16, 2018. (Vilhelm Stokstad /TT via AP)
North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho, second right, leaves the Swedish government building Rosenbad in central Stockholm, Sweden, Friday, March 16, 2018. (Vilhelm Stokstad /TT via AP)
HELSINKI (AP) - Finland's foreign minister says representatives from North and South Korea are holding diplomatic talks in the Nordic country and describes Finland's role as a "facilitator."
Foreign Minister Timo Soini told the Finnish news agency STT on Monday that Finland "is making this meeting possible" by helping arrange it but wouldn't mediate in the actual negotiations. They gave no other details.
Senior North Korean diplomat Choe Kang Il, who handles North American affairs in Pyongyang, arrived in Helsinki on Sunday for talks with South Korean security experts and allegedly also with former U.S. diplomats, including the former U.S. Ambassador to South Korea, Kathleen Stephens.
The meeting comes just two days after North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho held days of diplomatic talks in neighboring Sweden.
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
Stephen Miller warms up crowd of Trump supporters
1:32
ATLANTA (AP) — Two Atlanta men have been sentenced for illegally buying and trafficking at least three dozen guns from Georgia to Trinidad and Tobago.
The U.S. attorney's office in Atlanta says Errol Alfred, known as “Major,” was sentenced Thursday to five years in prison. Kerry Fernandez, known as “Trini,” was sentenced April 19 to two years and three months.
Both had previously pleaded guilty to charges including conspiring to smuggle firearms out of the U.S.
Prosecutors say between August 2013 and September 2014, Alfred and Fernandez used straw buyers to buy guns. Alfred then hid the guns in shipping barrels to smuggle them to Trinidad, where they were sold.
A third man, Jordan Dunham, in April got six months in prison for illegally purchasing some of the guns the two men shipped.
Comments
comments
The sporting heroes of tomorrow are urged to apply for a special programme which could help them compete at the highest level.
East Dunbartonshire Leisure and Culture (EDLC) Trust's Athlete Performance Programme offers athletes from all sports strength and conditioning coaching, support and guidance.
Volunteer coaches help athletes through lifestyle management, programme detail, nutrition and specific competition preparation.
The programme has supported 72 athletes in its first three years and applications are now being invited for the fourth year.
One of the programme's success stories of recent years is windsurfer Andrew Brown, who was on the programme for two years before graduating to the national programme.
Andrew, who is the British youth champion in the RS:X Olympic Windsurfing class, had some words of advice for the next crop of athletes to be inducted on to the Athlete Performance Programme.
They added: “If you are serious about your sport and goals then go for it. The Athlete Performance Programme will improve your all round performance and will be a big advantage.”
Mark Grant, General Manager of EDLC Trust, added: “East Dunbartonshire is home to some of the most promising sporting talents in Scotland and this programme has been designed to provide support at a crucial stage in their development.
“We want to work with elite local athletes competing at a regional and national level - helping to nurture the next generation of sporting stars.
“The Athlete Performance Programme blends science, sport and support, and I want to pay tribute to everyone involved - many of whom selflessly volunteer their time to help create a lasting legacy for East Dunbartonshire.”
Eligible candidates must live or attend school within East Dunbartonshire and be aged between 11 and 18-years-old.
They must be competing at a regional or national level and able to commit two mornings a week for training sessions before school.
The closing date for applications is May 31, with sessions available at both Allander Leisure Centre and Kirkintilloch Leisure Centre.
Candidates will be selected following participation sessions and interviews.
To apply pop into your local leisure centre, call 0141 578 8222 or e-mail athlete.performance@eastdunbarton.gov.uk
It's a big news day: the much-discussed Nunes memo on FBI surveillance abuses was released and so was the White House's similarly controversial Nuclear Posture Review. So why is everyone on Twitter talking about journalist Piers Morgan eating President Donald Trump's ass?
CNN: The Memo
MSNBC: eh, the memo
Fox News: THE MEMO!
My Timeline: Piers Morgan eats ass — Clue Heywood (@ClueHeywood) February 2, 2018
It's all thanks to BBC Two, which ran a four-minute segment where they mocked Morgan's Sunday interview with Trump as a puff piece when Morgan had the opportunity to ask hard-hitting questions. "Let's look at the staging of the interview," comedian/host Rachel Parris joked. "Now, in a typical robust political interview… the two opponents face off with several meters between them, no furniture blocking their path, there's nowhere to hide."
"Whereas in the Trump interview, the staging hinted at a greater intimacy between the two men," they said before turning to the picture of Morgan nose-deep in Trump's sizable orange aft-end.
​Morgan was less than amused about the BBC using a photo of them sniffing the callipygian (an adjective that means "has a great butt"- use it all the time!) president's rear. "The BBC thinks this is OK to broadcast. But if it depicted high profile women, there would be outrage," they tweeted.
"If the BBC broadcast an image like this after a female journalist interviewed @theresa_may — all hell would break loose & people would be fired. Gender equality shouldn't just apply to pay — should it?" they tweeted again an hour later, once again alongside the photo.
Then they tweeted it for a third time. "So we can't have #gridgirls or #walkongirls because the imagery is 'demeaning'. But the publicly-funded BBC can broadcast this about 2 men?"
Amusing though this image may be to many people, can you imagine the BBC broadcasting it if the President was Hillary Clinton or the interviewer was a woman? #TheMashReport @BBCTwo pic.twitter.com/2mazoAzpwd — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
The BBC thinks this is OK to broadcast. But if it depicted high profile women, there would be outrage.
Why the double standard? pic.twitter.com/xcdxpEJD3E — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
If the BBC broadcast an image like this after a female journalist interviewed @theresa_may — all hell would break loose & people would be fired. Gender equality shouldn't just apply to pay — should it? pic.twitter.com/9xNqGPjZl9 — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
So we can't have #gridgirls or #walkongirls because the imagery is 'demeaning'.
But the publicly-funded BBC can broadcast this about 2 men?
Any comment, @Ofcom? pic.twitter.com/ErOtK8Lvh6 — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
They then retweeted other tweets of the image a bunch, too.
Morgan insisted that they aren't upset, they were just repeatedly tweeting out a picture of them rimming the POTUS because they disliked the apparent double standard of the BBC. When a Twitter user pointed out to them that they were spreading the picture to far more people than would have seen it ordinarily, Morgan pointed out the BBC 2's large audience, but also insisted sharing it was the point.
The Streisand Effect is where someone tries to hide something but it gets widely shared.
I want everyone to see exactly what the BBC did & share it. https://t.co/KMxC1BQXND — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
No, I want everyone to retweet it. That's why I keep posting it. https://t.co/q3mlTwJ4Fo — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
​One would think anyone depicted worshipping Trump's generous curves would want as few people as possible to know about it, not more. But then, most people aren't famed interviewer and journalist Piers Morgan.
Morgan then got into it with director Paul Feig, responsible for an abomination even greater than the picture of Morgan eating Trump's ass: the "Ghostbusters" remake.
Well, thanks for making all my followers and me aware of this hilarious drawing that I wouldn't have known about otherwise. https://t.co/7E7wYVt0We — Paul Feig (@paulfeig) February 2, 2018
No problem. Would you find it as hilarious if it depicted two high profile women? https://t.co/QmbqRgB4nO — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
Wow, you guys on the right really are the snowflakes that you accuse us liberals of being, aren't you? Two powerful men get made fun of and you have to hit the “If this was women, everyone would be upset.” Yes, if it was two women, we would be. But it's not. It's you and Trump. https://t.co/NPqDUh23gw — Paul Feig (@paulfeig) February 2, 2018
You think I'm right wing? 😂😂 https://t.co/VGRpbWOBJZ — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
​​Speaking of horrifying movies, Tom Six, director of the "Human Centipede" trilogy, has yet to comment on the photo.
Twitter, at least, had fun with the picture and Morgan's, uh, unorthodox response to it. Sputnik will leave the low-hanging "he made an ass of himself" joke to other, less distinguished outlets.
A New York tenants rights group and local politician said on Monday they would launch an investigation into the real estate company formerly headed by Jared Kushner, a top aide to President Donald Trump, over alleged falsification of building permits. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — A bulk of the inquiries to the Russian leader were passed through telephone calls, nearly 370,000 were received in text message form, and around 280,000 were sent via social media, the Russia 24 TV channel reported. The questions came both from across Russia and abroad, it added.
Last year, the Russian leader answered 80 questions out of more than 2.3 million that had been received. The program stayed on air for three and a half hours.
This year's "Direct Line" will be the fifteenth time Vladimir Putin will go on air to answer inquiries sent to them through various channels. It will be broadcast by several state TV channels and radio stations.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - Cellphone video clips released by US prosecutors show Nikolas Cruz shortly before their attack at a Florida high school explaining how they were going to use a semi-automatic weapon to kill at least 20 people.
"My name's Nik and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018," Cruz said in the February 14 video authorities released on Wednesday. "My goal is at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple tracer rounds. Location is Stoneman Douglas in Parkland, Florida. It's going to be a big event and when you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am. You're all going to die. Can't wait."
In the video, Cruz said their life is meaningless, they live in seclusion and hates everyone. They also said everyone is brainwashed by political programs.
On February 14, the 19-year old Cruz, a former student, used firearms they legally purchased to kill 17 students and educators at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
HONOLULU (AP) - Hawaii officials are advising more residents of a rural Big Island district to evacuate because of approaching lava from Kilauea volcano.
Hawaii County Civil Defense said Wednesday lava from fissures continues to advance toward subdivisions in the Puna district. Officials say those in Kapoho Beach Lots and Vacationland are at risk of being isolated if lava crosses a road.
The Hawaiian Volcano Observatory says vigorous eruption continues from a series of vents that began opening earlier this month. Lava has crossed a key highway that connects the commercial center of Pahoa with Leilani Estates, where the eruption began.
Residents of Leilani Estates and nearby areas have previously been ordered to evacuate.
[India], Apr. 24 (ANI): The Jodhpur Schedule Caste and Schedule Tribe Court will pronounce its verdict tomorrow in a rape case against Asaram Bapu, a self-styled godman.
The judgement in the case will be pronounced inside the Jodhpur Central Jail.
Earlier today, Jodhpur Court dismissed the petition seeking entry of media persons in Central Jail of Jodhpur for the coverage of Asaram Bapu rape case judgment.
Security has also been beefed up outside Asaram rape case victim's residence.
"We have provided full security and safety to the victim and their family members and are alert," KB Singh, CO, Shahjahanpur said.
Delhi Police CPRO Deepender Pathak said that the police is alert and is in constant touch with concerned states and that adequate forces will immediately be deployed if required.
"Delhi police alert and in touch with concerned states. All field formations of police put on alert. Adequate forces will immediately be deployed if required. All officers will be present in their areas," Pathak said.
Jodhpur East (DCP) Amandeep Singh Kapoor said that all precautionary measures have been taken by the police to handle law and order ahead of the verdict tomorrow.
"We will not tolerate any kind of nonsense. We have taken all precautionary measures. We are confident that we will be able to handle law and order," Kapoor said.
A flag-march was also conducted by the security forces in Rajasthan's Jodhpur ahead of the verdict.
Earlier in the day, the Union Home Ministry had reportedly asked Rajasthan, Gujarat and Haryana to tighten security and deploy additional forces.
These three states have a large number of followers of the self-styled godman.
The Ministry also told the three states to ensure that no violence takes place after the verdict.
On April 21, Jodhpur police said that Rajasthan High Court has beefed up security arrangements to ward off any untoward incident during the pronouncement of judgment in Asaram Bapu rape case.
The police further said that Section 144 of Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC) will be imposed in Jodhpur till April 30.
On April 17, the court had decided to pronounce the verdict against self-styled godman in the rape case in Jodhpur Central Jail to avoid any law and order situation in the state.
The police had earlier filed a petition in the high court stating that Rajasthan may witness Panchkula-like violence, which broke out after the conviction of controversial godman Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh in a rape case.
The Jodhpur SC/ST Court on April 7 completed its hearing in the rape case against Asaram.
Asaram, who is currently lodged in the Jodhpur Central jail, is facing trial in two sexual assault cases: one in Rajasthan and the other in Gujarat.
In the case registered in Rajasthan, a teenage girl from Shahajahanpur of Uttar Pradesh had accused Asaram of raping them at their ashram in Manai village near Jodhpur on the night of 15 August 2013.
Asaram was arrested after the teenage girl had filed a complaint against him.
While in Gujarat, the two Surat-based sisters had lodged separate complaints against the self-styled godman and their son Narayan Sai, accusing them of rape.
The Jodhpur Police arrested Asaram on August 3, 2013, and since then, they are in prison. (ANI)
Sports car manufacturer Porsche is happy with its new Nurburgring record, which could be attacked by Aston Martin soon, but luxury automaker Bentley also has something to be proud of. The company's first-ever high-riding vehicle, the Bentayga, is now the fastest SUV in the history of Pikes Peak.
While this may not sound like a great achievement at first glance, it is. Here are the facts – driving a 5,380-pound (2,440-kilogram), super luxury sport utility vehicle with an average speed of 66.5 miles per hour (107 kilometers per hour) through the hill climb's 156 corners is definitely a thing. Especially when you consider the time of 10:49.9 minutes is almost two whole minutes faster than the previous record, held by Paul Dallenbach who drove a Range Rover Sport in 2014.
What's even more impressive is the fact that the car you can enjoy going through the 12.42-mile in the onboard video at the top is almost a completely standard road-going example. Only minor modifications, including getting rid of the rear seats and replacing the front ones with lightweight race-spec seats, as well fitting a roll cage and a fire suppression system, have been made. The only performance upgrades come courtesy of a production-spec Akrapovic sports exhaust and a specific type of Pirelli tires.
Remaining stock in this case means the range-topping Bentayga W12 has a 6.0-liter engine under the hood, generating 600 horsepower (447 kilowatts) and 664 pound-feet (900 Newton-meters) of torque. With this motor, the speedy luxorbage is capable of reaching 62 mph (100 kph) in just 4.1 seconds and hitting a top speed of 187 mph (301 kph).
It might not be the fastest SUV on the planet, but it's currently the fastest SUV to ever race the Pikes Peak hill climb. At least until next year when – who knows – Lamborghini or Lister could attempt to take down the Bentayga's record.
Source: Bentley on YouTube
London coffee stalwart Caravan, founded by New Zealand trio Laura Harper-Hinton, Miles Kirby and Chris Ammermann, is looking to get a slice of the grab-and-go market.
Caravan To Go, or (CTG), will be given its first test-run at its upcoming Fitzrovia site, which is to be the fifth, following Exmouth Market, King's Cross, Bankside and the Bloomberg Arcade. The internal trial is designed to test the waters in a nascent market, with the thinking being that a successful dress rehearsal can pave the way for standalone stores.
The basic mechanics of the offering will be simple: the high-quality speciality coffee that Caravan has been known for at its sit-down locations, paired with the inventive, all-day food offering that Caravan has become known for at its restaurants. Just, to-go. Patisserie will be a key component, as will made-to-order sandwiches, as well as dishes that are easy to have ready for takeaway at volume without compromising quality: daal, soup, potentially a chicken-and-rice affair.
The difficulty of the grab-and-go space is known to the founders: the sheer speed required to present a viable offering is – seemingly – at odds with the crafted nature of the coffee that they serve:
“The problem with grab-and-go is that people want everything super fast, but you can't make a great flat white in 10 seconds,” Kirby says.
Other drinks are easier to make work: switching pour-over and single-serve filter coffee out for batch brew, which can be made to an exceptionally high standard in spite of what Pret, Starbucks et al's product often suggests. The solution for milk-based beverages requires some kind of automation, be it thermometers to automatically shut off a milk-steamer, or even devices that measure out milk volumetrically to save picking up and emptying a bottle.
The potential to innovate in the speciality sector while marking territory in another is an appealing prospect, and one clearly on Caravan's minds as they look to branch out into this largely untested market.
The first Caravan opened in 2010.
Original article by James Hansen, Eater, April 6, 2018.
Jackson, who released a statement on Monday, was the Big 12 Newcomer of the Year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds per game. They helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and a berth in the NCAA Tournament's Elite Eight.
The 6-foot-8 Jackson has signed with former NBA player B.J. Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group.
Jackson arrived at Kansas after a stellar prep career in Detroit and Napa, California. They say in the statement that after “consulting with my family, I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA Draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball.”
They added that they were thankful for “all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas.”
Thabisa, a female giraffe born at the Fort Wayne Children's Zoo in November, was urged back into their enclosure Monday, April 23, 2018, after briefly escaping.  They are the youngest in the zoo's nine-giraffe herd. How the animal got out is still being investigated. (Cathie Rowand/The Journal-Gazette via AP)
Thabisa, a female giraffe born at the Fort Wayne Children's Zoo in November, was urged back into their enclosure Monday, April 23, 2018, after briefly escaping.  They are the youngest in the zoo's nine-giraffe herd. How the animal got out is still being investigated. (Cathie Rowand/The Journal-Gazette via AP)
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (AP) - Workers at an Indiana zoo needed a couple of hours to corral a young giraffe that escaped from their enclosure.
The 7-month-old female got loose Monday from the African Journey exhibit at the Fort Wayne Children's Zoo. Zoo spokesperson Bonnie Kemp says the giraffe, Thabisa, never left the property.
It wasn't immediately clear how the youngest in the zoo's herd of nine giraffes escaped.
Staffers were able to trap the giraffe in a fenced parking lot in a non-public area of the zoo. Zookeepers calmed them down before returning them to the enclosure.
The zoo just opened to the public for the season on Saturday.
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH OUTLINE UPDATE FOR WS 495
NWS STORM PREDICTION CENTER NORMAN OK
350 PM CDT FRI OCT 6 2017
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH 495 IS IN EFFECT UNTIL 1100 PM CDT
FOR THE FOLLOWING LOCATIONS
KSC009-013-027-029-041-053-061-079-085-095-105-113-115-117-127-
131-143-149-155-157-159-161-167-169-197-201-070400-
/O.NEW.KWNS.SV.A.0495.171006T2050Z-171007T0400Z/
KS
. KANSAS COUNTIES INCLUDED ARE
BARTON BROWN CLAY
CLOUD DICKINSON ELLSWORTH
GEARY HARVEY JACKSON
KINGMAN LINCOLN MARION
MARSHALL MCPHERSON MORRIS
NEMAHA OTTAWA POTTAWATOMIE
RENO REPUBLIC RICE
RILEY RUSSELL SALINE
WABAUNSEE WASHINGTON
Severe storms will be likely after 5 or 6 pm for areas west of
highway 14. This activity will reach the I-135 corridor after 9 pm.
Hail to the size of golf balls and 70 mph winds can be expected
with the stronger storms, along with heavy rain and associated
flooding. Locations along and west of highway 14 will have the best
chance to receive large hail. The line of storms is expected to
weaken as it moves east of I-135 late tonight.
This summer will once again see the annual return of the popular Yorkshire Dales Food and Drink Festival, which will be filled with all sorts of foodie fun.
From Saturday July 21- 22 the scenic Yorkshire Dales provides the splendid backdrop for the summer festival, which will even feature celeb Chefs including James Martin & Gino D'Acampo.
This year's festival promises to be bigger and better than ever, drawing in a huge number of guests, both local and from further afield.
Taking place at Funkirk Farm in Skipton, there will be a wide array of food, cooking, crafts and live music, making it the perfect combination for those who enjoy both food and music.
There will be plenty to do, including watching local chefs, aga cooking and crafting demonstrations and a selection of hands-on workshops.
The little ones can also keep entertained with the vintage funfair and a wide selection of other activities.
For the adults there's tasting sessions, live music, hundreds of exhibitors and the best street food and drink the UK has to offer, providing a fun day out for all the family.
What's even better is that if you want to turn it into a weekend away, you can enjoy 3 nights of camping, or if you prefer something a little more glamorous, glamping is also available too.
Campers can stay from Friday right through until Monday morning, ensuring that they don't miss out on a second of this festival.
Pub quizzes and discos will also be on offer in the evenings in order to keep the whole family entertained from dawn until dusk, providing a great summer break away in Yorkshire.
The main Festival is open from 9:00 until 19:00 on Saturday July 21 and 9:00 until 19:00 on Sunday July 22.
Those who are camping over the weekend are welcome to arrive from 14:00 on Friday July 20, but must be off site by 12:00 on Monday July 23.
Children aged 7 or under are free to enter the Festival with an adult who has purchased a Standard Entrance Ticket (1 adult to 4 children aged 7 or under is required).
Dogs are also welcome at this festival, it is just asked that they are kept on a short lead. Dogs are also welcome in the camping / caravan fields.
This year's food and drink festival will also see the first ever Skipton Foodie's Trail, where you will be able to use a specifically designed map to navigate your way around Skipton's charming cobbled streets and market.
From fish and chips in the Dales, to award-winning pies to renowned chocolatiers, use the map to discover hidden gems and delicious treats during your visit to the town.
For more information about this festival visit: yorkshiredalesfoodanddrinkfestival.com/
Former Hampshire batsman and power-hitting coach Julian Wood has been hired by Cricket Australia (CA) to help with preparations for the Champions Trophy being played in England and Wales in June, the Times has reported.
Wood, 48, will attend a 10-day camp in Brisbane in May and also work with Australia women's squad before they travel to Britain for the World Cup.
Cricket Australia have previously recruited coaches to help players adapt to conditions overseas, including former England left-arm spinner Monty Panesar, who coached bowlers ahead of this year's India tour.
Wood, who is a freelance coach, has previously worked with several county sides and the England squad.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Nelson Mandela Bay ANC councillor Andile Lungisa charged with assault with intent to cause grievous bodily harm leaves the Port Elizabeth Magistrate's Court on Monday Photo: Raahil Sain/ANA
PORT ELIZABETH - ANC Nelson Mandela Bay councillor Andile Lungisa testified in the Port Elizabeth Magistrate's Court on Monday, that they were “very scared” the moment they hit a glass jug over a Democratic Alliance (DA) councillor's head during a council fracas in October 2016.
Lungisa is accused of smashing a glass jug over the head of mayoral committee member for transport, Rano Kayser.  They are facing charges of assault with intent to cause grievous bodily harm relating to the brawl which broke out in council chambers.
In the witness box on Monday, Lungisa testified that on that day ANC councillors became unhappy when Speaker Jonathan Lawack asked ANC councillor Xola Sabani to leave the chamber.
The meeting saw blood being shed while other councillors received trauma counselling following a violent fracas.
Lungisa said that they approached Lawack's assistant, to request the Speaker to adjourn the meeting.
READ MORE: WATCH: ANC councillor acquitted on assault charges in brawl case
They said that they wanted to take the ANC councillors out of the chamber to restore order amongst the caucus.
When Lungisa approached the Speaker's bench, it was at this stage that three DA councillors apprehended him, Lungisa claimed.
They said two DA councillors held them on either side gripping their shoulder and restraining their hands behind theirs back.
Lungisa said they then saw Kayser unbuttoning their shirt and charging for him.
Defence attorney Luthando Ngqakayi asked: “What made you take the jug?”
Lungisa responded: “Because I was being held from side to side and Rano was coming for me, I thought that I would throw the water and run.”
In the video footage previously aired before court Lungisa was seen smashing the glass jug over Kayser's head.
Lungisa said: “At that stage my eyes were closed and I wanted to get away. I ran away and as I was running I was being assaulted that is why I ran.”
The ANC provincial heavyweight told the court that Kayser and themselves had been on good terms, and the DA councillor would bring them chocolates and sweets during council meetings, up until now.
Lungisa, who is responsible for instilling discipline and imparting political education to the ANC caucus, was questioned by Magistrate Morne Cannon as to why they did not tell their caucus to behave.
“The reason I spoke to the Speaker's assistant was so that I could approach the Speaker to take an adjournment. I couldn't take councillors out while the meeting was underway,” Lungisa told the court.
Lungisa maintained that the Speaker approved an item on the agenda that was not in accordance with the rules of council, adding that ANC councillors were unhappy about the removal of their colleague.
“It was chaotic, people were standing when the item was passed. We were not happy and it was not done according to the rules. As a leader I had the responsibility to approach the Speaker,” they said.
Lungisa will continue testifying on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, earlier on Monday, co-accused in the case ANC councillor Gamalihleli Maqula was acquitted on charges of assault to cause grievous bodily harm.
They were accused of stabbing council chief whip Werner Senekal with a sharp object during the council brawl.
Magistrate Cannon found that there was no evidence to convict Maqula, adding that a video taken by former United Democratic Movement (UDM) councillor Mandla Faltein did not carry much weight.
“In my view, the video is not of much assistance to the State on whether [Maqula] stabbed or injured Senekal. In the video it is clear that [Maqula] is unarmed,” said Cannon.
The magistrate said that even when Senekal testified they struggled to identify themselves in the video clip.
Cannon said Senekal had conceded that they did not know when, where or who had stabbed him, adding that their injuries could have been sustained on two other occasions during the council brawl.
African News Agency/ANA
WASHINGTON — Former FBI Director James Comey has scorned the memo that was released by House Republicans after being declassified by President Donald Trump, saying it doesn't add up to much.
Their assessment on Twitter was: "That's it?"
Comey called the memo "dishonest and misleading" and not worth the damage it's done to public trust in U.S. intelligence agencies.
After being declassified by Trump, the memo was released Friday by House Republicans. It claims the FBI abused its surveillance powers in the Russia investigation.
BOSTON (AP) - The Boston Marathon is giving runners who use music as motivation free access to elite competitors' playlists and tips.
John Hancock, which sponsors the marathon, says it's teamed up with Spotify to let participants in next month's race listen to champion runners' favorite music.
Elite athletes contributing tracks to the project include four-time Olympian Shalane Flanagan, who holds the American women's record on the Boston course; 2014 winner Meb Keflezighi; and Tatyana McFadden, a Paralympics gold medalist and four-time Boston Marathon champion.
Along with the music, athletes have recorded advice designed to help runners make it to the finish line.
Runners can compile a custom playlist of music that most closely matches their pace and running style.
The 122nd Boston Marathon is April 16.
___
This story has been corrected to show the spelling is Meb Keflezighi, not Keflizighi.
A man looks at an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Asian shares slumped Tuesday, as pessimism followed an overnight drop in New York amid a rout in technology companies. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko)
A man looks at an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Asian shares slumped Tuesday, as pessimism followed an overnight drop in New York amid a rout in technology companies. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko)
TOKYO (AP) - Asian shares skidded Tuesday following an overnight decline on Wall Street after Facebook reported its worst loss in four years. Investors are awaiting the first Federal Reserve meeting under the new chairperson, Jerome Powell, and anticipating the first rate increase of the year.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 0.7 percent in morning trading to 21,341.67. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 slipped 0.5 percent to 5,927.60, while South Korea's Kospi shed 0.3 percent to 2,468.35. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.5 percent to 31,340.22, while the Shanghai Composite edged 0.4 percent lower to 3,270.82.
FACEBOOK DROP: The technology rout on Wall Street on Monday was set off by Facebook's worst loss in four years. The social media giant's plunge followed reports that Cambridge Analytica, a data mining firm working for President Donald Trump's campaign, improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their permission. Legislators in the U.S. and Europe criticized Facebook, and investors are wondering if companies like Facebook and Alphabet will face tighter regulation.
WALL STREET: The S&P 500 index sank 1.4 percent to 2,712.92. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.3 percent to 24,610.91. The Nasdaq composite gave up 1.8 percent to 7,344.24 and the Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 1 percent to 1,570.56.
FEDERAL RESERVE: The U.S. Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership ends later this week, likely with an announcement that the Fed will resume modest interest rate hikes. A healthy U.S. job market and a relatively steady economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases. And the financial markets have been edgy for weeks.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 23 cents to $62.36 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 28 cents on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 21 cents to $62.26 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar recovered to 106.23 yen from 105.92 yen late Monday. The euro rose to $1.2345 from $1.2267.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay, who contributed to this report, can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP '
Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Them work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
Minnesota Twins' Jorge Polanco, left, goes into third base ahead of the throw to Boston Red Sox's Brock Holt after hitting a triple off Red Sox pitcher Chris Sale during the fourth inning of a spring training baseball game Wednesday, March 14, 2018, in Fort Myers, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
Minnesota Twins' Jorge Polanco, left, goes into third base ahead of the throw to Boston Red Sox's Brock Holt after hitting a triple off Red Sox pitcher Chris Sale during the fourth inning of a spring training baseball game Wednesday, March 14, 2018, in Fort Myers, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - Minnesota Twins shortstop Jorge Polanco has been suspended for 80 games after testing positive for a performance-enhancing substance, a big blow to a team that has made a series of roster-enhancing moves throughout the offseason and into spring training.
The commissioner's office announced Sunday that Polanco tested positive for Stanozolol, becoming the sixth player to be banned this year under the major league drug program. That's already one more than last season.
Polanco started 127 games at shortstop last year for the Twins, finishing with a .256 batting average, 13 home runs, 13 stolen bases and 74 RBIs in their first full season as a regular in the lineup. Their grandfather died in June, and the switch-hitting 24-year-old struggled through the early part of the summer until being benched temporarily in late June.
From Aug. 1 through the rest of the season, though, they hit .316 with 10 home runs and 42 RBIs over their last 55 games while taking over the No. 3 spot in the batting order and helping the Twins reach the AL wild-card game.
Without Polanco, the Twins will turn to Eduardo Escobar, who has played more shortstop for the team than anyone since 2014. Their signing of 12-year veteran Erick Aybar to a minor league contract last month could also pay off, with another experienced option for the middle infield while Polanco is out.
The Twins issued a statement expressing disappointment with the news and support of Major League Baseball's drug prevention and treatment program. They said the organization would have no further comment.
Polanco, in a statement released by the players' union, said they didn't realize he'd taken a banned substance.
"I now know, however, that my intention alone is not a good enough excuse and I will pay the price for my error in judgment," Polanco said. "The substance that I requested from my athletic trainer in the Dominican Republic and consented to take was a combination of vitamin B12 and an iron supplement, something that is not unusual or illegal for professional athletes to take. Unfortunately, what I was given was not that supplement and I take full responsibility for what is in my body."
Polanco said "every bone in my body wants to appeal this suspension," but out of respect for Twins officials, coaches and teammates they decided to withdraw their request for an appeal and begin serving the suspension from the start of the regular season.
"My hope is that through this extremely disappointing situation other players will learn from my mistake," Polanco said. "I hope that those who have believed in me, those within the Twins organization, my teammates, and the fans in Minnesota and in the Dominican Republic will accept my sincere apology. I will continue to train hard every day in the hopes of being able to contribute to winning baseball games with the Twins later this year."
Twins starting pitcher Ervin Santana, also a native of the Dominican Republic, received an 80-game suspension for Stanozolol in 2015.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Democrats on Saturday slammed Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., for tweeting about a Pennsylvania woman whose paycheck went up by $1.50 a week, citing the raise as a success of the recently passed GOP tax-reform bill.
"A secretary at a public high school in Lancaster, PA, said they were pleasantly surprised their pay went up $1.50 a week ... they said [that] will more than cover their Costco membership for the year," Ryan tweeted.
The tweet was later deleted after a storm of backlash called them out for being out of touch with the reality about low-income financial situations.
Several Democrats noted on social media that $1.50 per week is not a significant pay bump.
"Paul Ryan deleted their embarrassing tweet of a blatant admission because they and Republicans don't want you to know the truth: the #GOPTaxScam is a gift to corporate America and the top 1% at your expense," Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-California, tweeted.
Paul Ryan deleted their embarrassing tweet of a blatant admission because they and Republicans don't want you to know the truth: the #GOPTaxScam is a gift to corporate America and the top 1% at your expense.
They also don't want you to know they got $500.000.00 from the Koch family. pic.twitter.com/ENXxASfAMP — Nancy Pelosi (@TeamPelosi) February 3, 2018
Randy Bryce, the Democrat in Wisconsin running against Ryan, took advantage of the tweet, calling for $1.50 in donations to help unseat him.
"Moments ago, @PRyan deleted this tweet after we told them just how out of touch they are. Show Paul Ryan what you think of their tax bill. Chip in $1.50 now to help us repeal and replace Ryan permanently this November."
Moments ago, @PRyan deleted this tweet after we told them just how out of touch they are. Show Paul Ryan what you think of their tax bill. Chip in $1.50 now to help us repeal and replace Ryan permanently this November.https://t.co/c3Fii4Q0Jn — Randy Bryce (@IronStache) February 3, 2018
Lieutenant Governor of California Gavin Newsom also weighed in.
"Guess someone told Paul Ryan you shouldn't go around praising yourself for giving a working person an extra $1.50 a week - because they deleted this tweet."
Although still only 23, I believe new signing Matt Preston's valuable experience in Leagues One and Two is a real coup for Mansfield Town's promotion ambitions.
At their age, there is still potential to make them into a very good player.
If they can keep themselves fit and injury free as possible I believe they will be a good signing for us.
Preston has become the first signing of the David Flitcroft era, coming from Swindon Town, who they had been managed by David Flitcroft at their old club.
They had the chance to stay with Swindon with Phil Brown wanting to retain their services and offering them a three-year deal, but they opted instead to be reunited with their former gaffer.
It is clear the majority of Swindon fans are disappointed that they have linked up with their old boss and not remained with them instead.
Having beaten off attention of other clubs in the division, it speaks highly of them and we all wish them every success with us at Mansfield Town Football Club.
Preston first started their career at Walsall, where they came through the youth ranks and quickly established themselves as captain of their youth side, earning themselves a professional contract with the Saddlers.
From there they went out on loan to Icelandic side IBV to gain first team football, but unfortunately for them they didn't get to go on the club's pre-season tour and was sent back to Walsall.
They then went on loan to Northern Premier League side Barwell, making 12 appearances and even managing to find themselves on the scoresheet.
They eventually make a first team appearance on 10th February as a sub to have a taste of League One football.
The season afterwards their contract was not renewed and was subsequently left a free agent.
Overall they made over 40 appearances for Walsall, scoring three goals.
Following their release from their boyhood club, Preston signed for Swindon Town on a one year deal.
Their Swindon career got off to a great start, with the defender featuring a lot for the club, getting minutes and hoping to prove a few doubters wrong.
However, disaster stuck when playing against Mansfield, in our 1-0 defeat, when they were forced off due to a serious knee injury, ruling them out for the remainder of the season.
Wednesday at 3 on A Juneau Afternoon,
William Todd Hunt will be here to highlight The Orpheus Project's production of West Side Story;
We'll talk with Robert Fagen and poets involved with the Convergence book;
We'll get an update on Red Cross activities with guest, Lori Wilson;
We'll get the details on the upcoming Downtown Restaurant Week;
We'll get an update about Eaglecrest;
That, Writer's Almanac, Bird Note, music and more, today on A Juneau Afternoon, live at 3 on KTOO-News, repeated at 4 on KRNN, and available on demand on-line at ktoo.org
Cousins has also, like it or not, dived right into the extraordinary expectations surrounding the Vikings following their advancement to the NFC championship game last season. The junior-high kids were yet another reminder of this.
"Most of the questions revolved around, 'Will we go to the Super Bowl?' and 'Will we make the playoffs?' I just throw it back at them saying, 'Do you think we will?' and they say, 'Yes'. They're confident, and that's a good place to start."
As the Vikings worked through their fifth of nine formal spring practices labeled by NFL parlance as organized team activities, outside linebacker Anthony Barr was back on the field with the team after an absence last week they confirmed was related to their contract status.
Now playing the final season of their rookie contract at a fully guaranteed salary of slightly more than $12.3 million, Barr said they hoped to have a new deal in place before the on-field workouts began. That didn't happen, so they took out an insurance policy to protect their future earnings in case of injury in 2018.
The issue for Barr and their desire for longer-term security is the Vikings also have hefty paydays looming for wide receiver Stefon Diggs and defensive end Danielle Hunter, who are also playing this season on expiring contracts for a team that has plenty of expensive stars.
"My agent is doing a great job, and they're having conversations," said Barr, who was the team's first-round draft pick in 2014. "I don't know too many details on that. My focus is here with the team and getting better."
Sounds a little like the quarterback, dealing with their challenge of taking over a championship-chasing team.
"Everything is new, so I'm just continuing to try to get to where the plays and the reads and the terminology are all instinctual without having to think," Cousins said. "That takes a long time, but every day you can take a step in that process."
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dave Campbell, The Associated Press
OSLO — The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs.
The award of the $1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and President Donald Trump's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
The prize committee wanted "to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations," Oeivind Stenersen, a historian of the peace prize, told The Associated Press. "The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal. I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state."
The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons adopted by the United Nations in July, but which needs ratification from 50 countries. Only three countries have ratified it so far. It organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of the World War II U.S. atomic bombings of the Japanese cities Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Last month in Berlin, ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries. Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading "Time to Go: Ban Nuclear Weapons."
The group "has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to co-operate ... in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons," Norwegian Nobel Committee chairperson Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement.
The prize "sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behaviour. We will not support it, we will not make excuses for it, we can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security," ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters in Geneva.
They said that they "worried that it was a prank" after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made. Fihn said they didn't believe it until they heard the name of the group proclaimed on television.
ICAN leaders later popped open some bubbly to celebrate the prize, and held up a banner with the name of the organization in their small Geneva headquarters.
"We are trying to send very strong signals to all states with nuclear arms, nuclear-armed states — North Korea, U.S., Russia, China, France, U.K., Israel, all of them, India, Pakistan — it is unacceptable to threaten to kill civilians," they said.
DETROIT — It appears the injury bug has bitten the Lions yet again with another season-ending injury on the defensive side of the ball.
NFL Network national insider Ian Rapoport tweeted Monday evening that Lions linebacker Brandon Copeland has a torn pectoral muscle that'll require season-ending surgery. Copeland left Sunday's preseason opener against the Colts with what was being reported as a shoulder injury.
Source: #Lions LB Brandon Copeland tore their pec. They will need surgery and is out of season. Played in all 16 games last year. — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) August 15, 2017
Copeland appeared in all 16 games — including one start — for the Lions last season, primarily on special teams. However, with a number of injuries to the Lions' front seven they may have seen an escalated role this year. Copeland was listed as a backup outside linebacker behind Antwione Williams on the Lions' unofficial depth chart.
Copeland compiled 16 tackles — 11 solo and five assists — and one forced fumble last year. This would have been their third season with the team.
The news of Copeland's injury comes just hours after it was reported defensive end Kerry Hyder was lost for the year with a torn Achilles. Hyder was in line to start for the Lions this year after leading the team in sacks with eight a year ago.
Share. That's the spirit! That's the spirit!
Blade Runner 2049 brought in $4 million last night at the North American box office.
Variety reports over $800,000 came from IMAX screenings of the Denis Villeneuve-directed sequel, which stars Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford. Blade Runner 2049 is tracking to open domestically this weekend with between $45 million to $50 million.
Comparatively, the original Blade Runner made $32 million over its theatrical run in 1982. The sequel has an estimated budget of $150 million.
If you're unfamiliar with the film, we here at IGN broke down the history and world of Blade Runner. Needless to say, the sci-fi film has quite the legacy.
For more on the movie, check out IGN's Blade Runner 2049 review.
Jordan Oloman is a Freelance Writer for IGN, burning with the fires of Orc. Follow them on Twitter.
LAVAL, Que. — Charlie Lindgren stopped all 26 shots they faced to lead the Laval Rocket to a 3-0 victory over the Belleville Senators on Friday in the American Hockey League debut for both teams.
Michael McCarron led the Laval (1-0-0) offence with a goal and an assist and Daniel Audette and Nick Deslauriers also scored for the Montreal Canadiens' new AHL affiliate. The team moved from St. John's, N.L.
Danny Taylor stopped 22 shots for the Senators (0-1-0), who moved to Belleville from Binghamton, N.Y.
The Rocket were 1 for 3 on the power play. Belleville failed to take advantage of eight chances with the man advantage.
The inaugural Ribs & Bibs Music Festival will take place at Heartland Motorsports Park October 5 – 7, 2018 in Topeka, Kansas. The three-day, family friendly event will feature top performing country music artists including Big & Rich, Craig Morgan, John Michael Montgomery, Little Texas, The Bellamy Brothers, and Keith Anderson with more exciting artist announcements to come.
Concert goers will also have the opportunity to see some of the area's best chefs competing in a sanctioned Kansas City Barbeque Society contest, sample America's best ribs at Ribfest which will feature some of the most famous ribbers in the world, an Oktoberfest Biergarten, and a carnival area for the kids.
“Topeka is the perfect entertainment destination and this new festival adds to our already long list of quality events for the city,” said Brett Oetting, President & CEO of Visit Topeka. “Chris has been amazing to work with on this event and others. We saw an immediate change when they purchased Heartland Motorsports Park and the Ribs & Bibs Music Festival is a great example of their vision coming to life that the facility is more than a race track.”
General admission ticket prices range from $5 – $90, allowing attendees to customize their experience with additional options including VIP seating, weekend camping options, or private tents near all the action.
Chris Payne, owner of Heartland Motorsports Park is excited to have their facility utilized for an event that benefits the community with help from Visit Topeka who was integral in bringing the event to the Capital City of Kansas. “Since purchasing Heartland Motorsports Park at the end of the 2015 season, we've invested a lot to bring major events to Topeka and the State of Kansas. The Ribs & Bibs Festival will be a fun event for the track, Topeka, and country music fans throughout the area.” Right now, Heartland Motorsports Park is gearing up for its largest motorsports event of the season, the Menards NHRA Heartland Nationals presented by Minties on May 19-21 followed by a full summer of racing events.
Tickets are on sale now. Learn more at: ribsandbibstopeka.com.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The IRS says it's following President Donald Trump's executive order on health care by easing enforcement of the unpopular Obama-era requirement for people to have coverage or risk fines.
Trump directed federal agencies to ease the health law's rules after they took office.
An IRS spokesperson says the IRS had planned to start rejecting returns this year on which the taxpayer failed to indicate whether or not they had coverage.
But the IRS says it will keep processing such returns, as it has in the past.
Many of the law's supporters consider the coverage requirement essential for nudging younger, healthy people into the insurance pool to keep premiums in check.
The IRS says the requirement is still the law.
Comments
comments
We are verifying a concern raised by one of our viewers wondering why animals are often abandoned in the summer.
The viewer says it is common practice for owners to surrender their pets when they go on vacation rather than making arrangements to be boarded.
So we reached out to BARC Animal Shelter and Adoptions. They told us although it can happen, it usually doesn't.
It's more likely that an owner surrenders their pet due to a change in where they live, perhaps their apartment or home doesn't allow pets.
Also, people displaced from fires or floods, sometimes have nowhere for their pets to stay, so they drop them off at the shelter and hope their pet is still around when things start looking up.
So we can verify - it is not common practice to drop pets off at a shelter while the owner vacations.
BARC says dropping off a pet with hopes of picking them up later is a very risky thing to do - no matter the reason - because the shelter's goal is to get the pets adopted as soon as possible.
© 2018 KHOU
TORONTO (AP) - Toronto police say driver in deadly van attack posted 'cryptic' Facebook message minutes before incident.
Dead & Company, which includes John Mayer, left, and Bob Weir, right, will play Saturday, July 7, 2018 at Dodger Stadium. (Photo by Jay Blakesberg)
Dead & Company are, left to right, Oteil Burbridge, Bill Kreutzmann, Bob Weir, John Mayer, Mickey Hart, and Jeff Chimenti. (Photo by Danny Clinch)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Dead & Company will play Saturday, July 7, 2018 at Dodger Stadium. (Photo by Jay Blakesberg)
Dead & Company will play Saturday, July 7, 2018 at Dodger Stadium. (Photo by Jay Blakesberg)
Dead & Company will play Saturday, July 7, 2018 at Dodger Stadium. (Photo by Jay Blakesberg)
Dead & Company, with John Mayer, left, Mickey Hart, center, and Bob Weir, right, will play Saturday, July 7, 2018 at Dodger Stadium. (Photo by Jay Blakesberg)
Dead & Company will play Saturday, July 7, 2018 at Dodger Stadium. (Photo by Jay Blakesberg)
Congratulate Mickey Hart on reaching 100 shows with Dead & Company – and then mention he's only got 2,200 or so to go until that current band equals the estimated number of shows played by the Grateful Dead – and the drummer laughs and laughs.
“That's exactly what I was thinking as you were saying that,” Hart says by phone from their home in Northern California. “One hundred shows, yahoo! That's like a spit in the bucket. A hundred shows you're just getting started, you know, considering where I've been.”
But it's not nothing, and it's keeping alive the music of the Grateful Dead, that legendary band born of San Francisco in the '60s, which seemed if not quite a musical cadaver at least mortally wounded after the death singer-guitarist Jerry Garcia in 1995, only to be resurrected a time or two thereafter with Dead & Company the going concern since the fall of 2015.
“A hundred shows, it's great, it's really good,” Hart continues. “What happens is these people become a band. You're hearing a real band that's listening and pulsing and it's throbbing That's what a band does when everybody is pulling at the oars at the same time and not really knowing why. You're syncing on a telepathic level, you're doing all those existential things.”
Dead & Company, which plays Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles on Saturday, July 7, includes three longtime members of the Grateful Dead – Hart, fellow drummer Bill Kreutzmann, and singer-guitarist Bob Weir – and newcomers that include singer-guitarist John Mayer, a star in their own right whose love of the Dead helped spark this group's formation, bassist Oteil Burbridge, and keyboardist Jeff Chimenti.
Hart says they aren't sure whether Dead & Company would last much more than a handful of gigs when it started, though they hoped it would.
“When we first started we were able to capture the moment in our birth cries,” they say. “But you didn't really know. Because first of all, we didn't really know John. They clicked in rehearsals and socially. They were easy to be with and the music was happening, it was coming out.
“I was committed to it right from the beginning, so was Bob, so was Bill,” Hart says. “But you can't tell. You don't know until you go out there and test the waters, and then it became apparent it was sustainable.”
After the death of Garcia in 1995 the surviving members of the Grateful Dead, which include the three musicians currently in Dead & Company and bassist Phil Lesh, toured in different formations as the Other Ones, the Dead, Further, and the Rhythm Devils, as well as their own solo projects. So the originals have had experience bringing new players into this Dead world, Hart says.
“You have to remember, paper covers rock, and so it's the music, and it's the songs,” they say of what's more important, the material or the musicians on stage. “If you find other people who have that same passion and respect as we do for our own music, the music is bigger than us. We're just a delivery system.
“So you find three players who have that respect and are very skillful,” Hart says. “Though it's not so much about chops and playing a million miles an hour, it's about interpreting it.”
Chimenti has played in various Dead projects for more than a decade, so he's been in Hart's ears for years now, the drummer says.
“You have to say, ‘OK, this is not Phil, this is Oteil, who's magnificent,' and you look over at Jeff and he's playing great solos,” Hart says. “I live in the moment. I don't hear Phil, I don't hear that part. I don't hear whoever was on the keyboards.
“And John, sometimes they sound, not like Jerry, that's what's wrong,” they say. “What they do is he's playing signature licks that have to be there to make the songs. Nobody has Jerry's tone, it was a singularity. But they don't try either. There are remnants of it all because it's part of your DNA. In some ways it's back there, but it doesn't get in the way of the now.”
One advantage Weir, Kreutzmann and Hart have over the other three, of course, is a deeper knowledge of the Grateful Dead catalog than any other players on the planet.
“I believe we had in the Grateful Dead 450 songs in rotation, so this is a fraction of that,” Hart says. “Maybe 150 songs that John and Oteil have. Jeff knows a lot more, but Oteil and John, they'd be out there without a compass.”
But they're learning, with every tour, show and sound check.
“What we're doing now is working some of our old songs up in rehearsals, in sound checks,” Hart says. “We keep it fresh for us. Change is really important in this kind of work. If you play the same song every night there's only so much you can do to it to make it better. Change is good because it brings you again into the idea of improvisation.”
Set lists for the tour so far show a few new Dead songs making their way into Dead & Company shows, songs such as “Jack-A-Roe” and “Alabama Getaway” so far, and Hart says they love how the songs grow into something new through the contributions of the new guys.
“This ‘Alabama' isn't the same as it was in the Grateful Dead, there's a different feeling to it,” they say. “What happened in its time on the bench, when we brought it back it morphed into something more enhanced. I like it a lot more now than it did. You put it off to the side, let it chill, and then bring it back.”
These summer shows will run their course but Dead & Company is open to anything in the future, Hart says, be that the certainty of more live shows, new studio recordings, or anything else they feel like trying.
“Everything is on the table,” they say. “Everything is possible, there's really no bounds. It is was architecture it would stand alone, be self-supporting. It lives in its own world.
“From here it's like blue skies ahead.”
Dead & Company
When: 7 p.m. Saturday, July 7
Where: Dodger Stadium, 1000 Vin Scully Ave, Los Angeles
How much: $20-$274.50
For more: Deadandcompany.com
Just days after a federal judge shut down a $54 billion merger between health insurers Anthem and Cigna on anti-competitive grounds, a Valentine's Day move by Connecticut's Cigna seeks to dump the Indianapolis-based company once and for all.
Cigna officials announced Tuesday they had sued Anthem in a Delaware court seeking a judge's affirmation that the company had lawfully ducked out of the merger agreement, and that Anthem couldn't extend the merger's expiration date.
As expected, Cigna is hoping to collect from Anthem a large “breakup” fee -- a kind of corporate prenuptial agreement -- that stipulates Anthem will pay Cigna $1.8 billion if the merger doesn't go through.
Additionally, Cigna says Indianapolis-based Anthem is on the hook for another $13 billion in damages owed to shareholders as a result of the failed deal.
Anthem lawyers call Cigna's action's “invalid.” They announced last week the company planned to file a speedy appeal of the federal court's decision. In January, the companies agreed to extend the merger's deadline until the end of April.
Two other health insurers also parted ways this week, citing irreconcilable differences. Aetna and Humana decided to part ways after a similar federal ruling shut down their planned merger.
But in sharp contrast to the Anthem-Cigna fallout, Aetna and Humana leaders announced Tuesday they were disappointed they couldn't consummate their relationship, but thought the time had come to see other companies. Aetna has agreed to pay Humana its own billion-dollar termination fee.
Global Flat Steel Market: Snapshot
The rapid increase in infrastructural development in Asia Pacific due to rapid urbanization and industrialization is working in favor of the global flat steel market. The construction industry in countries such as India, China, and South Korea have registered phenomenal growth over the past few years. Since flat-rolled products are extensively used in the construction of cladding, internal walls, and purlins, the expansion of the construction sector is translating into the greater uptake of flat steel. Moreover, the growing investments in the infrastructure sector and increasing stringency on iron-ore mining several countries are expected to augment the market over the coming years.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/flat-steel-market.html
Flat steel finds applications across various end-use verticals, including automobile and transportation, building and infrastructure, packaging, consumer goods, and defense. There will be a strong demand for flat steel in building and infrastructure worldwide. It is used in the construction of railway tracks, bridges, roads, factories, buildings, and other engineering structures. The rising awareness regarding the merits of flat steel such as high durability, strength, and design flexibility and low construction and maintenance cost is driving its adoption across various verticals.
The global flat steel market is dominated by a handful of international players. However, the emergence of new suppliers is resulting in the decline in their shares as well as the intensification of competition. Rapid technological advancements and changing consumer preferences are prompting market players to look for new applications of flat steel.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22274
Flat steel is steel manufactured in a sheet form by melting and rolling. It can be produced in different formats such as plates and strips. The basic method of producing flat steel is passing rectangular-shaped steel through flat rollers. Rollers are rotated in opposite directions and steel is fed through them. The produced steel does not have grooved or cut faces but has flat faces coated with zinc to inhibit corrosion. Heavy plates, hot-rolled coils, slabs, and coated steel are some of the flat steel products. However, heavy plates are produced using a press and the process is known as forming, rather than rolling. Rollers are often heated and lubricated to facilitate the passage of metal from the work piece.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
April 28 New mortgage loans drawn down in Hong Kong totalled HK$24.9 billion in March, up 17.8 percent from a month earlier, Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) data showed on Friday. Following is the breakdown of data from HKMA: 2017 2017 March Feb M/M Pct Change New loans drawn down (HK$ 24,910 21,140 17.8 mln) New loan approvals (HK$ mln) Primary market 7,533 6,909 9.0 Secondary market 19,036 12,991 46.5 Refinancing 10,395 7,701 35.0 TOTAL 36,964 27,601 33.9 No. of applications 15,603 9,904 57.5 (cases) Outstanding loans (HK$ 1,137,14 1,130,85 0.6 mln) 0 3 Delinquency ratio (pct) (more than 3 months) 0.04 0.04 Rescheduled loan ratio 0.02 0.02 (pct) Proportion of new mortgage loans priced with reference to: best lending rates (pct) 2.2 3.0 HIBOR (Hong Kong interbank 94.1 93.3 offered rates) (pct) For details, click bit.ly/2oDz26I ($1 = 7.7495 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Twinnie Siu in Hong Kong; ; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAND HAVEN, Mich. - A young Michigan girl is helping their classmates this holiday season, making sure they get a hot lunch at school by selling handmade "stretchy straw fidgeters," according to WXMI.
"Big ones are a dollar and little ones are 50 cents," said Lexi Bergeron, whose mother said they were inspired after hearing about students who couldn't afford lunches on the nightly news. They found out that some of their classmates would only get cheese sandwiches if they have a debt on their lunch account.
Lexi is in 4th grade at Ferry Elementary.  They are "Paying It Forward" not just for their school, but the whole district. Lexi started making fidget strings for $1 each, and made $11 the first week.
Lexi's mother, Sara, put together a GoFundMe page, hoping to raise $188 to pay off the entire Ferry Elementary school lunch debt. That effort exceeded expectations and now they are hoping to raise thousands to wipe away all lunch debts in the district.
Their goal is $2,200 by the end of December. If you'd like to help, visit the GoFundMe page here.
Boy, 6, passenger on illegal dirt bike, killed in collision with SUV in W. Philly, police say
Boy, 6, passenger on illegal dirt bike, killed in collision with SUV in W. Philly, police say Apr 23
Blind man found living in squalor and filth in trailer in Frankford
Blind man found living in squalor and filth in trailer in Frankford Apr 24
Joseph A. Gambardello is online breaking news editor. A former wire service foreign correspondent and New York City newspaper journalist, they joined the Inquirer in 1995 and has worked on the city, South Jersey, features, and online desks.
Police are investigating after they found a 50-year-old blind man with special needs living in a squalor and filth in a trailer in Frankford.
6ABC reported that the stench was so bad, officers were sickened by the smell when they entered the trailer in a gated lot on the 4700 block of James Street about 8 p.m. Monday. It is not clear yet why police were called to the location.
The man's caretaker, described by neighbors as their brother, was being questioned by the Special Victims Unit, the station said.
The man was taken to a hospital and was reported in stable condition.
This story will be updated as more information becomes available.
t
Fernando Alonso says they don't expect much more performance from their McLaren F1 Team at this weekend's Azerbaijan Grand Prix, despite bringing yet more upgrades to the MCL33.
Alonso has scored points in all three races so far in 2018 but McLaren are still some way off the pace of the top three teams, including Renault powered counterpart Aston Martin Red Bull Racing.
While Alonso doesn't expect to be any closer to the front of the field in Azerbaijan they are looking to repeat their points scoring effort of last year.
“Last year's race in Baku was certainly a memorable one for us,” says Alonso. “It was a crazy grand prix and we scored our first points of the season there, so we'll naturally be looking to repeat that this weekend.
“Even though it's only been on the calendar for a short time, this circuit is already known among the drivers as a great racer's track. It's the fastest street track of the year and also one of the longest, so it's pretty tough on the car and the driver, but that's definitely part of the appeal.”
McLaren have already announced considerable upgrades for the 2018 Spanish Grand Prix but Alonso says the team are continuing to learn their current package and will bring new parts to Baku.
“We know our limitations and where we need to improve our package, and, although we bring parts to test to every race weekend, we aren't anticipating a radical change in our performance in Baku.
“However, we're learning more and more about the behaviour of our car each time we step into the cockpit, and in Azerbaijan we'll be maximising everything we have as usual to score as many points as possible.”
Scientists have just made a surprising discovery involving fat and special immune cells that live within it -- it turns out that 'gd T cells' are the key cogs in the biological wheel that regulates our body heat and protects us against cold shock. The discovery thus reveals a peculiar and previously unknown aspect of the immune system - as well as driving our response to infection, it also plays a role in regulating our metabolism. In addition, this discovery has put the spotlight on a potential new target for therapies designed to help individuals either lose or gain weight.
There are two quite distinct types of fat -- white and brown. The main job of white fat is to store the energy from the food we eat for when we need it. Of course, the more energy we take in without using, the fatter we get. The job of brown fat, contrastingly, is to burn the fat to produce heat in the body. This is particularly important when babies are born as it regulates their temperatures until they develop more white fat, but it's also important in protecting us from hypothermia.
Both white and brown fat tissues also have their own immune systems, and scientists are only just beginning to understand how these work. The latest research, led by Associate Professor in Immunology at Trinity College Dublin, Lydia Lynch, adds greatly to this understanding. The findings have just been published in leading international journal Nature Immunology.
Gamma delta T cells (gd T cells) are usually found at barrier sites in the body to guard the body from infection, but in the current study the scientists found a special population of them in fat. Unlike other immune cells that traffic in and out of fat, these gd T cells live there all the time, suggesting they play an important role where they are housed.
To find out what they do, the scientists removed them from fat tissue in mice and were surprised to learn that the mice became much colder, even at room temperature. When the mice were moved into cold environments, they were unable to regulate their body temperature and died.
Professor Lynch said: "Surprisingly, we found that the immune cells in fat respond to cold temperatures - they play an integral part in regulating thermogenesis by 'turning on' the burning of white fat, or by stimulating the conversion of white fat into brown fat, which generates the heat required to keep us warm in the cold. This heat generation happens when the lipids in the white fat are burned up, and, when this occurs, weight loss is the chief side effect."
"We have essentially identified a special immune cell population that is not only responsible for turning white fat brown, but also for protecting us against the cold. Indeed the main function of these fat-dwelling gd T cells is not to defend against pathogens or cancer, as initially seemed likely, but instead to protect the body from typically non-immune related dangers such as cold."
This discovery opens the door to a new potential target for therapeutic research - in patients living with obesity, or in those who are experiencing wasting, for example. For people with obesity, activating the biological pathway and kick-starting the body into burning white fat may induce weight loss, while for those experiencing wasting (often associated with cancer and AIDS), switching off the pathway may induce desirable weight gain.
###
Scott Hardie has a diverse platform of experience and training as a Speech Pathologist, Mental Health Clinician, Autism & Behavioural Coach, Clinical Hypnotherapist, and Master Coach & Trainer of NLP, TLT, NLP Coaching and Hypnotherapy & Mindfulness. In this conversation they explain how their formative experiences influenced their foray into these fields.
Why factories are not adopting new tech
Most manufacturing workers – more than half – hunger for change and “intelligent” solutions for labour-intensive jobs – but factories still operate in the old way because so many workers distrust new technology.
This is among the findings from an Intel study, “Industry 4.0 demands the co-evolution of workers and manufacturing operations” that aimed to establish what it takes to realize the full potential of intelligent factories; and whether companies, workers and manufacturing leaders areequipped to handle the changes ahead of them.
The research was undertaken against the backdrop of Internet of Things (IoT) rapidly transforming how humans work, operate and interact with machines, especially in manufacturing. Manufacturing is becoming more digitally intense, and the promise of the “intelligent factories” – where analytics, artificial intelligence and IoT converge to drive intelligent decision-making and optimise productivity – is real.
Some key takeaways from the study include:
* Automating the mundane: 59% of participants wanted “intelligent” solutions to take on manual or labour-intensive jobs.
* Bringing consumer tech to the factory: Participants envision consumer-like technologies in the factory, with 62% wanting smart machines that can partner with humans to complete tasks or can complete the tasks for them.
* Culture and leadership a bigger obstacle than technology: Participants described distrust of new technology and resistance at the C-suite level to technology adoption, despite the fact that it would increase efficiency for their companies.
* Fear of transition and the need for training: Participants saw themselves as potentially being at risk if they failed to learn new processes and navigate the transition successfully.
* The skills gap: Workers were worried their factories will leave them behind because while the industry changes, they are not getting a chance to learn newer technologies.
Monday on A Juneau Afternoon, Scott Burton hosts.
Deb Gregoire will be here with a profile of Planned Parenthood;
City Manager Rory Watt will be here to highlight the city's Commission on Aging;
We'll talk with Alida Bus about the Tuesday edition of Mudrooms;
And we'll get the details on this month's Audubon presentation, with guest Brenda Wright.
That, Writers Almanac, Bird Note, music and more, today on A Juneau Afternoon, live at 3 on KTOO, repeated at 4 on KRNN, and available on-demand via ktoo.org
Appaloosa Music Festival Announces Headliners Along with 50% OFF Early Bird Discount
LABOR DAY WEEKEND AUG. 31-SEPT. 2
Appaloosa Music Festival is quickly becoming the DC Areas Roots Music Camping Festival. Located just 60 miles west of DC Appaloosa features the rising stars in Bluegrass, Americana, Celtic and Roots Music.
The initial headliner release includes Americana faves Mandolin Orange, DCs homegrown Scythian, Town Mountain, Six-String Soldiers Army String Band with more to come.
Early Bird Discount of 50% OFF ends in 1 Week. There is a 10% Military Discount
Here's the video recap of last year's festival
The festival features VIP options, general admission tickets, free entry for kids 12 & under along with free music workshops and facepainting and kids zone. And most importantly, for the adults, there will be a beer garden featuring craft beer and local Virginia wine.
Visit www.appaloosafestival.com to get your tickets for 50% OFF!
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, MUSIC & ENTERTAINMENT, NEWS, Post To FB
April 24 (UPI) -- Iranian President Hassan Rouhani warned the United States Tuesday against leaving the Obama-era nuclear deal, as President Donald Trump talks it over with French President Emmanuel Macron.
"We are standing by our commitments stronger than ever before," Rouhani said. "However, anyone seeking to betray their commitments to us should know that the grave consequences of such a move will affect themselves."
Trump has long been critical of the deal, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, and has set a May 12 deadline to decide whether the United States will withdraw from the accord.
Calling the deal "terrible," Trump vowed in January to withdraw from the agreement in May if the "flaws" of the JCPOA were not fixed.
Trump was asked Tuesday about the possibility of Iran restarting its nuclear program if the United States withdrew.
"They're not going to be restarting anything," they said during an appearance with Macron at the White House. "If they restart it, they're going to have big problems, bigger than they ever had before."
"We'll see," they added. "People know my views on the Iran deal. It was a terrible deal. It should have never ever been made."
Trump blamed Iran for multiple conflicts in the Middle East, including in Syria and in Yemen, while Macron said the goal was to "contain Iran and its presence in the region."
The JCPOA, agreed to in 2015 by Iran, China, France, Russia, Britain, United States and Germany, gave sanctions relief in exchange for Tehran limiting its nuclear program.
Under the terms of the deal, Iran agreed to eliminate its stockpile of medium-enriched uranium, cut its stockpile of low-enriched uranium and reduce its number of gas centrifuges. Some of the restrictions on Iran are scheduled to be lifted after 10 and 15 years.
Iran's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, who helped to broker the historic deal, told NPR a U.S. withdrawal from the agreement would damage the country's credibility.
"I think the United States doesn't want to send the message to the world that if you negotiate with the United States, the U.S. is going to come back after you had reached an agreement and tell you 'I don't like these parts of the agreement and I want them re-negotiated,'" Zarif said.
European leaders have also been pushing for Trump to stick with the agreement.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said Monday during a G-7 summit in Toronto that they hoped Trump would preserve the accord, despite "anxieties" about Iran.
Russian Foreign Secretary Sergei Lavrov said they and their Chinese counterpart had agreed to block any U.S. attempt to sabotage the deal.
Macron, another supporter of the deal. arrived in Washington, D.C., Monday for an official state visit to the United States.
In an interview with Fox News Sunday, the French leader suggested it would be a mistake to withdraw from the pact.
"You cannot make a trade war with your allies," Macron said. "It's too complicated if you make war against everybody. You make trade war against China, trade war against Europe, war in Syria, war against Iran, it doesn't work. You need allies."
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has also defended the deal, telling an Israeli TV station she'd rather have an imperfect deal than no deal at all. They will visit Trump Thursday.
April 20 Green Plains Partners Lp-
* Green Plains Partners increases quarterly distribution
* Green Plains Partners Lp - board of directors of its general partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.44 per unit
* Green Plains Partners Lp - new distribution is 1.0-cent increase over previous quarterly distribution of $0.43 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Robert Miller was elected to the Santa Barbara City College Board of Trustees on Friday, Feb. 2. The Board meeting took place in the MacDougall Administration Building at Santa Barbara City College.
Robert Miller was elected to the Santa Barbara City College Board of Trustees on Friday, Feb. 2. The Board meeting took place in the MacDougall Administration Building at Santa Barbara City College.
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
In a unanimous vote of approval, the Board of Trustees appointed Robert Miller, a retired trial lawyer and community organizer, to fill the vacancy for Trustee Area 2 – Goleta.
Miller was chosen over the other contender for the position, Cameron Sublett, who was a communications professor at City College from 2008-2017.
“Reading the applications, I was inclined to support Cameron,” Trustee Jonathan Abboud said during the meeting. “But after the interviews, I believe Robert would bring more to the board in terms of engaging Goleta.”
The position was left open when Dr. Marianne Kugler, who was first appointed to the board this December, resigned on Jan. 1. Under Board Policy 2110, the board is required to fill their former seat within 60 days of their resignation, and it had the option of either holding an election or making a provisional appointment. The board chose to make an appointment, which will fill the vacancy until the next board election.
Miller has only resided in Santa Barbara for four years, but they already have accumulated extensive community leadership experience during their stay. In 2014, they founded and led the Westside Goleta Coalition, which organized to oppose a plan to build a new California Highway Patrol facility in Goleta. Among other concerns, the coalition protested the construction of the facility on a site so close to an elementary school, multiple residential neighborhoods, a butterfly preserve, and a soon-to-be-built assisted living facility. After a 10-month campaign, the coalition's efforts were successful, and the Highway Patrol decided to build their facility elsewhere.
Other positions that Miller holds include a position as the president of their neighborhood homeowner association, Hideaway Community Organization, and a volunteer position as a legal mediator for the Santa Barbara and Ventura County Superior Courts. They do not have experience working on public education committees.
In response to questions posed to them by the board during its Friday meeting, Miller replied in an even, measured tone. One question asked them how they would respond if they found themselves holding the minority opinion on an issue, and they said that the most important thing would be to listen to what everyone has to say.
“People get hardened in their positions, particularly if you spend a lot of time preparing to push a particular issue,” Miller said. “I have learned over the years that you have to accept that you might be wrong, and you really have to listen carefully to what other people say.”
Student Trustee David Panbechi disagreed with the decision to appoint Miller over Sublett. They said that it was important for a Trustee to have experience on how the school works, and Sublett seemed to know more about the school than Miller did. Moreover, Panbehchi cited how much younger Sublett was than Miller, as many of the current trustees are much older than Sublett and Sublett's appointment would have increased the diversity of the board in terms of age.
The trustees, however, unanimously voted for Miller.
Two of Sublett's most attractive qualities to the board were their educational expertise and their experience as a former professor at City College. One trustee commented, however, that in terms of educational expertise, the board could rely on Superintendent-President Anthony Beebe during meetings, and on Trustee Peter Haslund, who has experience as a former City College professor.
Miller is scheduled to be formally sworn in at the Board's next regularly scheduled meeting Feb. 8.
SCHREIBER, Ont. — Provincial police say two employees of a northwestern Ontario school board are facing fraud-related charges.
OPP say they were contacted Feb. 13 by the Superior North Catholic District School Board about an alleged fraud by two staff members.
They say a 57-year-old woman and a 55-year-old man, both of Terrace Bay, Ont., are charged with fraud over $5,000 and breach of trust.
Both (accused) is scheduled to appear in court in Schreiber, Ont., on July 12.
SYDNEY (AP) - Paul Gray, lead singer of the 1980s Australian pop band Wa Wa Née, has died of cancer, their brother said on Wednesday. They were 54 years old.
They musician died on Tuesday of multiple myeloma, their brother and fellow band member Mark Gray said in a statement.
"It is with deep sorrow and a heavy heart that we announce that Paul Gray passed away peacefully," Mark Gray said.
"We would like to thank all the doctors, hospital staff, relatives, friends and fans for the overwhelming support given to Paul and our family while they heroically battled multiple myeloma," they added.
Wa Wa Née formed in the early 1980s and had an Australian hit with their single, "Stimulation," in 1986.
The band later charted in the United States with the song "Sugar Free."
The band's broke up in 1989, but re-formed in recent years to perform at 1980s revival concerts and to support British group The Human League on their Australian tour last year.
(HealthDay News) -- Smoking is associated with 1 in 5 deaths in the United States, according to the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute.
The agency suggests these methods that may help you quit:
Commit to quitting and get motivated to make a change.
Get support from friends and family.
Consider using medicine to help you quit, and if you do, use it correctly.
Take up a new hobby as a distraction.
Be prepared for the effects of withdrawal and the possibility of relapse.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Here are some things to watch for heading into Game 1:
JAMES' SHOT: James isn't ready to make any bold predictions about how great they might be in their eighth straight Finals.
There's no doubt in their mind they will be ready when the ball tips.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
NO REST FOR THE WEARY: With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night, Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland they know so well.
"In recent years we've been kind of having a week off, at most, to prepare for the Finals. It's almost a day to prepare this time," they said. "So it definitely helps to know the opponent, knowing, obviously, everything stops and starts with LeBron, and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him, but also take other guys out of the game."
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston, so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue.
INJURY WOES: Both teams face significant injury concerns: Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in their left knee, while Love remains in the NBA's concussion protocol with their status uncertain.
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST: James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever, and insists each side has earned this. James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball.
"Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years," James said. "If you want to see somebody else in the post-season then you've got to beat 'em."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Janie McCauley, The Associated Press
Scroll for more content...
On the surface, there is nothing remarkable about this sleepy fishing port in Maputo.
But hidden from view, wedged between the other boats and ships docked there, are the rusty Susan 1 and Susan 2. These are not ordinary fishing vessels, but sanctions-busting trawlers manned by crews from North Korea.
Pyongyang's interest in a couple of aging African trawlers may seem odd at first. But fishing is big business in Mozambique -- it's one of the country's most lucrative industries. North Korea wants a slice of that much-needed cash, and boats are easy to move and conceal.
Joint fishing ventures are just one area of illicit trade the two countries are engaged in. In a months-long investigation, CNN uncovered a secret web of front companies, military cooperation and elite-forces training deals between North Korea and Mozambique, all in violation of international sanctions, according to United Nations investigators.
Documents reviewed by CNN show that the cooperation is sealed with illegal contracts worth millions of dollars. The money is funneled through regionally based North Korean diplomats to Pyongyang, some 7,500 miles away.
US officials have long maintained that the money from ventures like this goes straight into North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's notorious nuclear slush fund, known as Office 39.
With crippling sanctions squeezing the pariah state, Kim needs hard currency to further develop their nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
The Trump administration wants to stop the money flowing. Tougher UN and US sanctions, sustained pressure on China and executive orders are all part of Washington's playbook to squeeze North Korea.
The plan, so far, doesn't appear to be working.
North Korea earned nearly $200 million by exporting coal and other banned commodities between January and September 2017 in violation of UN sanctions, according to an unpublished UN report.
The report, sections of which have been obtained by CNN, found that North Korea "is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries and the international banking system."
The report is still confidential and has been sent to the UN Security Council sanctions committee on North Korea.
Radars and rangers
CNN gained access to official communications between the Mozambican military leadership and North Korean representatives. In 2015, Mozambican officials invited North Korean military technicians to the country, the documents show.
North Korea is severely restricted from bringing hard cash into its coffers, and longstanding sanctions make military profits nearly impossible for the country. Other tough financial sanctions severely restrict its transactions with other nations.
The UN revealed its investigation into military links between Mozambique and North Korea in a 2017 report, but cooperation between the two countries is more substantial than earlier thought.
Two Mozambican military sources told CNN North Koreans have been training elite forces at a base in Maputo for at least two years.
That comes with a price tag.
Hugh Griffiths, chief investigator of the UN Panel of Experts, listed a number of military activities between the countries, all of which have been banned under sanctions since 2006.
"Air missiles, manned portable surface-to-air missiles, military radar, air defense systems, the refurbishment of tanks -- it's a long list," they said.
The UN panel produces biannual reports naming and shame alleged sanctions violators. They have previously reported alleged North Korean military links to Mozambique worth at least $6 million. A shady front company called Haegeumgang was used to run the operation.
The report states that North Koreans have bolstered Mozambique's Soviet-era technology and capabilities, used in a long-running and intermittent armed conflict with rebel forces in the northern half of the country.
Officials at Mozambique's ministry of defense declined to be interviewed on camera and didn't respond to specific queries on military ties.
Griffiths said it was vital to cut these revenue streams.
"The foreign currency generated and the revenues generated from all of this conventional military activity can be used to fund the DPRK -- that's North Korea's -- prohibited nuclear and ballistic missile programs," they said.
The North Korean embassy in South Africa could not be reached for comment.
A house on Mao Tse-tung Ave
Through the correspondence between Mozambican military officials and North Korean representatives, CNN also discovered a two-story building in downtown Maputo where Haegeumgang had set up shop. The peach-colored house sits on Mao Tse-tung Avenue.
A rental agent for the now-abandoned house was hanging around outside on a recent morning, waiting to show it to new clients.
"There were some Asians living and working here. They left three or four months ago," they said, adding that they left because they couldn't afford the rent.
Nobody knows where they went.
A report from a UN panel of experts from September 2017 alleges that Haegeumgang was instrumental in providing the military support to Mozambique.
As North Korea's biggest trading partner, China is often singled out by US President Donald Trump for not severing ties. But UN and US investigators are taking a much closer look at African countries' relationship to North Korea, investigating at least 11 different nations.
Many African liberation movements had ties and support from the North Korean regime before independence and through the Cold War, though the extent of the connections has been questioned by some.
Mozambique is no different. Every day around Maputo's main traffic circle, yellow-and-green taxis skirt a North Korean-made bronze statue of Samora Machel, Mozambique's founding president. One hand points to the sky, the other is hitched to a military belt.
The statue, unveiled in 2011, bears only a passing resemblance to the man. The UN Security Council passed sanctions targeting Pyongyang's statue-making business in late 2016.
Just a couple of miles away, a leafy road in the city still bears the name Kim Il Sung Avenue, after North Korea's founding dictator.
Mozambique faces the difficult choice between lucrative North Korean contracts and keeping the US and UN happy. Mozambique is one of the world's poorest countries and received more than half a billion dollars from US agencies in 2016 alone.
"I think we have every reason to believe that our relationship with the United States is great," said Alvaro O'da Silva, a director at Mozambique's foreign ministry.
O'da Silva says that the North Koreans still in Mozambique are legitimately engaged in "social and technical" fields, saying they are not breaking UN sanctions.
"At this moment, we are implementing all the sanctions that were declared by the United Nations against North Korea," they said. They later backtracked, saying they didn't have "detailed information" about sanctions.
But based on CNN's investigations, the evidence of sanctions violations is clear. And North Korea's attempts to keep funding flowing are always shifting in new directions, said Griffiths, the UN investigator.
Shipping records show the Susan 1 used to be registered under a North Korean flag. Now it flies the flag of Namibia -- another country implicated in sanctions-busting trade, a recent CNN report found.
The Namibian government did not respond to CNN's queries regarding the re-flagged trawler.
But the North Korean fishermen are still there in their boats. In the evenings, they sometimes wander into town to shop, unfazed by the geopolitical implications of their stay.
“It was fun. I was kind of nervous because it was my first time at first singles, but I was just excited to have my sisters there supporting me,” Kenzie Turley said. “It was way-fun to have one coach me and the rest watch me. It was a cool experience.”
Les Bowen has covered the Eagles since 2002. Before that, they covered the Flyers for 13 years. They came to the Daily News from the Charlotte Observer in May 1983, just as the Sixers were winning the NBA championship. They thought, "Gosh, this sort of thing must happen all the time here."
Jason Peters has alluded to the idea that they could move to guard sometime in the next few years.
THE FUTURE of the Eagles' offensive line changed Wednesday.
That might seem like a strange thing to say about a one-year contract extension given to a 35-year-old left tackle, but bear with me.
We all knew Jason Peters was going to anchor the left side for the Birds this season, with Peters coming off their ninth Pro Bowl, even though the team was tight against the cap and Peters was scheduled to take up $11.7 million's worth of room. What we weren't clear on was what would happen after that.
Given Peters' age and Lane Johnson's contract, which pays Johnson like a left tackle for the next several years, the smart money was on the Eagles parting with Peters following the 2017 season and creating $9.25 million in 2018 cap savings.
Poll When do you expect Lane Johnson to take over for Jason Peters at left tackle? Sometime this season
Next season
After that Vote Results
We still don't know the exact structure of Peters' $32.5 million deal through 2019, which replaces the current pact that was to end after 2018. We've been told that $15.5 million is guaranteed and that there is an $8 million signing bonus, which the team can amortize over the three years. Apparently, that can help cut a little more than $5 million off the 2017 cap number. But it isn't clear that Peters will be any less expensive in 2018 than before, and he's now on the books for 2019 at a hefty price, as well.
Maybe you're thinking that the extension is just window-dressing and that the Eagles can still bid Peters farewell after this season. If they do, they've created more dead money and fewer savings than they would have realized previously. But all that aside, Eagles coach Doug Pederson and de facto general manager Howie Roseman echoed and endorsed what Peters said Tuesday about wanting to retire an Eagle. Pederson also allowed that "guard could be a potential spot down the road," as Peters alluded to on Tuesday, when they worked out with the team for the first time this spring.
"We're excited that he's going to be an Eagle for the next several years," Pederson said as the team began the second installment of a three-day minicamp. "His desire and mine, as well, is that they retire an Eagle."
Roseman released a statement that said: "Jason is a future Hall of Famer, a great player and leader. They have been an anchor for our offensive line for many years and now we are thrilled about being able to work something out that will allow them to finish their career here in Philadelphia."
These aren't things you say if you seriously think you still might cut ties after this season. Peters is taking it year-to-year, they reiterated Wednesday, but they would not have asked for the extension if they thought they wouldn't want to play past 2017.
"I still can play. Still feel good. Not banged up," Peters said. "It's different when you're banged up."
"I feel good. I feel like I've got more than three years, but it's just a three-year deal. I'm gonna keep going, trying to chase a ring," something they said they think is within reach as quarterback Carson Wentz develops.
Also, it seems there is someone else who wants Peters to stick around, and to retire as an Eagle, someone who outranks both Pederson and Roseman.
Peters made a point of thanking Eagles chairperson Jeffery Lurie.
"We're best friends. We talk all the time. They text me, and we talk before every game. That's my guy," Peters said. "He brought me here, and they stayed loyal to me."
Peters said Lurie is "away in Europe somewhere" but after agent Vincent Taylor initiated talks recently, Lurie "stood up for me and got the deal done."
At the March NFL meetings in Arizona, Lurie talked of their friendship with Peters, how close they were. On the surface, a 65-year-old billionaire from Boston and a 35-year-old tackle from Texas wouldn't seem to have all that much in common, but Lurie clearly treasures Peters as one of their franchise's all-time greats. And Peters has made something like $80 million from Lurie since arriving in a 2009 trade.
What do they talk about?
"Football, life in general, you know," Peters said.
If the Eagles aren't going to save more than $9 million in 2018 cap room by releasing Peters, where else will they save it? They are projected to be something like $16 million over the cap next year, a figure that, of course, includes players who have no shot at being here. But everyone who leaves will have to be replaced.
"I don't get into all that," Peters said, when asked about their cap hits. "You want to win a Super Bowl or you want to save money? It's their decision. I give us a good chance on the line, to help out other guys, to get where we're trying to go."
One path to savings seems obvious, given the talk of Peters moving to guard. For 2018, you could play Peters at left guard, move Isaac Seumalo from guard to center, and trade or release Jason Kelce, freeing up $4.8 million in cap room.
Kelce acknowledged Wednesday that this thought has occurred to him, but said they don't allow themselves to ponder the future.
"I'm focused on playing center this season for the Eagles," they said.
"Outstanding," Kelce said, when asked their reaction to the Peters news. "Obviously, JP is a premier left tackle, in my opinion the best in the league, a future Hall of Famer. So I think it's wise that they just locked them up for even more time."
Asked about the Peters-to-guard scenario, Kelce said: "I would love to play next to JP. I love the two (guards, Seumalo and Brandon Brooks) I've got. But obviously, JP's a tremendous athlete, phenomenal player, has one of the best feels for the game I've been around. And I think they have plenty of gas left in the tank. Played one of their best seasons since I've been here last year."
In that last thought, Kelce echoed the words of offensive line coach Jeff Stoutland earlier this week. Stoutland also said: "I love coaching Jason Peters."
Peters was asked what makes them so intent on retiring as an Eagle. They didn't start out here, isn't from here, spends their offseasons in Texas.
"The fans, the organization," Peters said. "The fans deserve a Super Bowl . . . The city of Philly deserves it."
And then, the money's pretty good, too.
bowenl@phillynews.com
@LesBowen
Blog: philly.com/Eaglesblog
Bud break on a pecan tree on a 14,000-acre pecan farm Tuesday, April 24, 2018, near Granbury, Texas. Pecan growers are embarking on a new campaign to sell their crops as North America's native nut in the face of potential rising tariffs with China, the biggest export market for American pecans. (AP Photo/Emily Schmall)
Bud break on a pecan tree on a 14,000-acre pecan farm Tuesday, April 24, 2018, near Granbury, Texas. Pecan growers are embarking on a new campaign to sell their crops as North America's native nut in the face of potential rising tariffs with China, the biggest export market for American pecans. (AP Photo/Emily Schmall)
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) - The humble pecan is being rebranded as more than just pie.
Pecan growers and suppliers are hoping to sell U.S. consumers on the virtues of North America's only native nut as a hedge against a potential trade war with China, the pecan's largest export market.
The pecan industry is also trying to crack the fast-growing snack-food industry.
The retail value for packaged nuts, seeds and trail mix in the U.S. alone was $5.7 billion in 2012, and is forecast to rise to $7.5 billion by 2022, according to market researcher Euromonitor.
The Fort Worth, Texas-based American Pecan Council, formed in the wake of a new federal marketing order that allows the industry to band together and assess fees for research and promotion, is a half-century in the making, said Jim Anthony, 80, the owner of a 14,000-acre pecan farm near Granbury, Texas.
Anthony said that regional rivalries and turf wars across the 15-state pecan belt - stretching from the Carolinas to California - made such a union impossible until recently, when demand for pecans exploded in Asian markets.
Until 2007, most U.S. pecans were consumed domestically, according to Daniel Zedan, president of Nature's Finest Foods, a marketing group. By 2009, China was buying about a third of the U.S. crop.
The pecan is the only tree nut indigenous to North America, growers say. Sixteenth-century Spanish explore Cabeza de Vaca wrote about tasting the nut during their encounters with Native American tribes in South Texas. The name is French explorers' phonetic spelling of the native word "pakan," meaning hard-shelled nut.
Facing growing competition from pecan producers in South Africa, Mexico and Australia, U.S. producers are also riding the wave of the Trump Administration's policies to promote American-made goods.
Most American kids grow up with peanut butter but peanuts probably originated in South America. Almonds are native to Asia and pistachios to the Middle East. The pecan council is funding academic research to show that their nuts are just as nutritious.
The council on Wednesday will debut a new logo: "American Pecans: The Original Supernut."
Rodney Myers, who manages operations at Anthony's pecan farm, credits the pecan's growing cachet in China and elsewhere in Asia with its association to rustic Americana - "the oilfield, cowboys, the Wild West - they associate all these things with the North American nut," they said.
China earlier this month released a list of American products that could face tariffs in retaliation for proposed U.S. tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese goods. Fresh and dried nuts - including the pecan - could be slapped with a 15-percent tariff, according to the list. To counter that risk, the pecan council is using some of the $8 million in production-based assessments it's collected since the marketing order was passed to promote the versatility of the tree nut beyond pecan pie at Thanksgiving.
While Chinese demand pushed up prices it also drove away American consumers. By January 2013, prices had dropped 50 percent from their peak in 2011, according to Zedan.
U.S. growers and processers were finally able in 2016 to pass a marketing order to better control pecan production and prices.
Authorized by the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, federal marketing orders help producers and handlers standardize packaging, impose quality control and fund research, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which oversees 28 other fruit, vegetable and specialty marketing orders, in addition to the pecan order.
Critics charge that the orders interfere with the price signals of a free, unfettered private market.
"What you've created instead is a government-sanctioned cartel," said Daren Bakst, an agricultural policy researcher at the conservative Heritage Foundation.
Before the almond industry passed its own federal marketing order in 1950, fewer almonds than pecans were sold, according to pecan council chair Mike Adams, who cultivates 600 acres of pecan trees near Caldwell, Texas. Now, while almonds appear in everything from cereal to milk substitutes, Adams calls the pecan "the forgotten nut."
"We're so excited to have an identity, to break out of the pie shell," said Molly Willis, a member of the council who owns an 80-acre pecan farm in Albany, Georgia, a supplement to their husband's family's peanut-processing business.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two yobs have avoided jail after a vicious attack on off-duty police officers.
The police constables were on a colleague's leaving do at the White Lion pub in Macclesfield when they got into an argument with Jamie Gosling, 26, and Daniel Earles, 24, a court heard.
The row ‘got out of control' and the constables were attacked, prosecutors said.
One officer was hit so hard they suffered a perforated eardrum, while the other was strangled and left ‘gasping for breath', magistrates were told.
Gosling, of Stafford Walk, Upton Priory, admitted assault occasioning actual bodily harm, while Earles, of Swettenham Street, Macclesfield, admitted assault.
Magistrates, sitting at Stockport, sentenced Gosling to 22 weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months. They must also do 180 hours unpaid work and pay £400 compensation.
Earles was given a community order with 150 hours unpaid work. They must pay £150 compensation.
Both men have been banned from entering the White Lion for a year.
The attack happened just after midnight on February 15 when the victims and third colleague were on a night out.
CCTV showed the three men drinking pints of water on one side of the pub before Earles shouts across to them.
Tina Cunnane prosecuting said Earles swore at them and asked what they were looking at.
They said: “The victims were trying to avoid trouble but it got out of control. (The victim) felt a blow to their head. It perforated their eardrum. They then felt another blow and a bit down on Gosling's finger. The victim lost their hearing and was off work for weeks.
“Earles assaults their victim by taking hold of them and putting them in a headlock. They were left gasping for breath and feared they would pass out.”
The court heard that the three constables did not fight back because they feared they could face disciplinary action and lose their jobs.
Sam Fixter, defending both men, said: “There was a lot of pushing and getting in each other's faces. Gosling used an open palm to assault the PC.
Earles grabbed the other victim because they saw Gosling was being blocked in by two officers.
“Both men regret their actions.”
NAACP to Temple: Build your stadium in Rittenhouse Square
NAACP to Temple: Build your stadium in Rittenhouse Square Mar 18
A 23-year-old woman was killed in a triple shooting in West Philadelphia on Sunday afternoon, police said.
The shooting took place at 4:22 p.m. at 52nd and Market Streets, outside the Galaxy West Lounge.
The woman, identified Monday as Dominique Oglesby, of the 5900 block of Christian Street, was shot in the mid-back and taken to Penn Presbyterian Medical Center, where they were pronounced dead at 4:42 p.m., according to the police.
The two other victims, a 42-year-old man shot in their left foot and a 60-year-old man shot in their left arm, were in stable condition at Penn Presbyterian, police said.
NBC10 reported that the men were the father and grandfather of Oglesby.
Police said the shooting stemmed from a dispute that start in the bar and moved to the street.
The shooter was still being sought Monday morning.
Editor's Note: This story was updated to reflect that the homicide victim was 23, not 35 as police originally reported.
There are some members of renowned K-pop boy groups who may have become farmers instead of debuting as singers.It is hard to imagine these members of K-pop groups working at farms, as fans are so used to seeing them performing on stage.However, these guys know all about farms.Let's take a look at these good-looking members of K-pop groups who may have made our hearts throb when we visited the countryside.He was born and raised in the countryside, and they dreamed of becoming a farmer until their father strongly encouraged them to audition to become a singer.Ha Sung Woon keeps a very close relationship with their grandfather who owns greenhouses in the countryside, and they regularly visit and assists their grandfather.JB's parents grow tomatoes on their farm, and they used to help them out picking tomatoes when they were young.Ju Hak Nyeon's mother owns a pig farm in Jeju Island and consequently, they have a unique hobby of feeding pigs.Gongchan's grandfather owns greenhouses for cucumbers in Suncheon, and they even sometimes sends a box of cucumbers to their celebrity friends.Im Young Min's parents also grow tomatoes on their farm, and they were spotted helping their parents out even in recent days.(Lee Narin, Credit= 'crekerent' 'bnmboysofficial' Twitter, 'GOT7Official' 'WannaOne.official' 'bangtan.official' 'wm.b1a4' Facebook, Online Community)(SBS Star)
Education and agro-processing will transform the Berbice River -President says as they distributed Christmas gifts at Hururu and Kimbia
Georgetown, Guyana – (December 10, 2017) President David Granger, today, visited the villages of Kimbia and Hururu, located along the Berbice River in Upper Demerara- Berbice (Region Ten) as part of their annual tradition of distributing toys to children across the country during the Christmas season. The Head of State used the opportunity to tell residents that emphasis on education, agriculture and value added production along with the preservation of the environment will play a leading role in the transformation of the villages and Region into booming economic hubs.
At Kimbia, where they became the first sitting Head of State to visit the village, President David Granger, while addressing residents from surrounding villages, including Calcuni, Maria Henrietta, Sand Hills, Ebini and Hururu at the Kimbia Primary School, said that the Berbice River possesses vast natural resources. However, they believe that in order for communities to take advantage of those resources to improve economic prospects, education is key. The President pointed out that this is the reason they have ensured that school boats have been provided to the children of their communities under the ‘Boats, Buses, Bicycles plus Breakfast and Books or Five B's Programme.
“The children of Guyana must lead us to the future but to do that, we must have an educated nation. The first thing is education. You must stay in school. Every single child must go to school. You must go to school and when we get enough money, we will put more boats in this River. No child should stay at home because they can't get to school, but education must not stop at nursery. It must go on to Primary and Secondary and I want children from Kimbia to be graduating from the University of Guyana. Don't drop out and don't quit and whatever we can do to get you to school we will do that,” they said.
The President said that more innovative approaches, through education, must be taken to further develop Guyana's agricultural potential and this is where investment in education and technology transfer becomes critically important. “Here in this Berbice River we have abundant resources and we hope to discuss with the Chairman and their Councillors how we are going to generate agro-processing in the Berbice River. Everything you can grow let us process these goods and get them out to New Amsterdam, Georgetown and the Caribbean. To do these things you need power; solar energy and so I will be discussing with the regional administration and the Member of Parliament how we can start getting electricity into these communities,” they said.
The President also committed to exploring the possibility of providing transportation for the movement of local produce to market centres. This call to action by the Head of State was echoed by a resident of the village, who called on the residents of the Berbice River to focus on becoming self-sufficient.
“We have the resources and let us exploit it and work for the development of Guyana. I have confidence in President Granger and I know what they came into office and met but let us be patient. I have seen progress in such a short time. We have to work to help ourselves. We have coconut trees here and I am seeing coconut sugar, coconut flour, coconut oil, coconut milk and coconut milk powder on the market. These are things we can produce right here,” they said.
President Granger called on residents to take a more responsible approach to the protection of the environment, since this is what they rely on for their livelihoods. They added that all Guyanese should be proud of the nation's patrimony and become flight attendants of what they called ‘the land of giants'.
“I want to call on you to protect the environment. Without the environment we won't be able to plant and grow food. So I ask you to look after your education, employment of the young people and environment. You have to live but do not destroy the environment,” they said.
Toshao of Kimbia Village, Mr. Ashton Boyle lauded the President's stance on education and youth development. “Our President is especially interested in the future of this country. That is why they are placing emphasis in our youths. President Granger you have done well being the first President to ever visit Kimbia. We are overjoyed to have you here with us and you are always welcomed,” they said.
Meanwhile, at Hururu, the President met with workers from the bauxite company, RUSAL Guyana (Russkiy alyuminiy), who used the opportunity to appeal to them to bring a resolution to ongoing issues related to outstanding payments and tax-free allowances. The Head of State Committed to looking into the matter and working to ensure that workers get what is owed to them.
During their address to residents there, the President also issued the call for them to make sustainable use of their abundant resources. They told the residents that while much of their year is spent visiting other parts of the country, they take pleasure in visiting the villages along the Rivers at Christmas time, which are often forgotten and bringing cheer to the many faces.
“We have come to celebrate with you and brings gifts for the children. We are celebrating the birth of Christ and we have come to celebrate that with you. In celebrating this season, we want to honour our children because they represent our future. The children here at Hururu represent the future of this country,” they said.
More than 300 children from Aruaima, Calcuni, Coomacka, Lonsdale, Wiruni received Christmas gifts at Hururu, while in excess of 100 children at Kimbia received toys as well. President Granger was accompanied during the visits by Minister of Public Affairs in the Ministry of the Presidency, Mrs. Dawn Hastings-Williams, Minister within the Ministry of Public Infrastructure, Ms. Annette Ferguson, their granddaughter, Ms. Athena Gaskin, Member of Parliament, Mr. Jermaine Figueira, Regional Chairman, Mr. Renis Morian and Chairperson of the People's National Congress-Region Ten, Ms. Sandra Adams.
Oklahoma City police are searching for a man who was captured on surveillance video stealing a generator from a truck outside of a store in SW OKC.
The theft occurred just before noon, January 29, in the 1000 block of SW 29th St.
The video shows the suspect pulling into the store parking lot shortly after the victim goes inside. The suspect eventually cuts the lock and works to lift the generator from the bed of the truck.
According to report, the suspect put the generator inside of a silver PT Cruiser and left the store.
Anyone with information regarding this theft is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 405-235-7300 or send a tip to www.okccrimetips.com.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
On a party line vote the House passes a $4 trillion budget. It slashes social programs, repealing Obamacare and turning Medicaid into a pile of vouchers.
None of that is actually happening, though. Not yet, anyway.
The way Senate rules work, you need a two-thirds vote to block a filibuster. So as a practical matter who need a two-thirds vote to pass anything controversial.
But one exception is the budget. Budget bills require only a simple majority.
So Republicans want to use this loophole to pass changes to the tax code.
Instead of drafting a tax bill, they'll put the changes inside the budget. But in order to do that they need a budget to pot things inside.
The bill the House passed is the bill in which to insert tax code changes.
Nobody seems to expect the bill to pass the Senate in the form the House passed.
If you're on Medicaid you probably wonder if I can vouch for that.
I'm not a fan of vouchers.
And that's Crisis at a Glance.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Gabrielle Beckford (center) and the company of “Crowns,” through April 1 at the McCarter Theatre Center, Princeton, N.J.
The gospel voices: WOW. The musicians: WOW. And the hats: WOW.
McCarter Theatre Center's lively production of Regina Taylor's Crowns (through April 1) is a heartwarming, foot-tapping show adapted from the book by Michael Cunningham and Craig Marberry.
The show's title comes from the lyrics of a traditional gospel song, “When I get to heaven / Gonna put on my crown / I'm gonna walk all over God's heaven.” That crown became the rich and literally spectacular tradition of the hats African American women wear to church; a “hat queen” is someone who owns more than 100 hats. And outfits to match. Sunday was a chance, the one day in the week, to cast off the shabby work clothes or the uniforms and show off.
Crowns is a show about that Sunday tradition and about the sisterhood of hat-wearers, here represented by a charismatic and mighty-voiced cast: Shari Anderson, Rebecca E. Covington, Latice Crawford, Danielle K. Thomas, and Stephanie Pope. Each actor builds a character through a sashaying walk or shoulder shimmy or a graceful twirl or a commanding presence.
The one man in the cast, Lawrence Clayton, is a thrill to listen to and a pleasure to watch as they shift from evangelical preacher to boyfriend to husband, and, briefly, to rapper.
The plot revolves around Yolanda (Gabrielle Beckford), a teenager sent from the mean streets of Chicago to live with their grandmother in South Carolina. Them brother has been shot, and they are in despair and obviously headed for serious trouble with a dangerous boyfriend. They resist the Southern tradition, but is, finally, as we knew they would be, redeemed.
Combined with the gospel singing are the African rhythms supplied by two terrific musicians on stage, Jaret Landon and David Pleasant, and they inspire some high-spirited and high-energy dancing with choreography by Dianne McIntyre. Although the set, designed by Caite Hevner, inclines to the overdone — big, cheesy projections and garish colors — the costumes and hats, designed by Emilio Sosa, are gorgeous.
The contrast of styles — of music (apostolic gospel versus hip-hop) and of clothes (opulent dresses and hats and high heels versus Yolanda's baseball cap, camouflage pants, and high-top sneakers), is ultimately a contrast of values. As Grandmother Shaw says, looking back, “It took the civil rights movement to get those hats off our heads.”
But it turns out, judging by some of the sartorial splendor in the Sunday matinee audience, hats are definitely back.
Theater Crowns Tickets: $50-$81. Information: 609-258-2787, Through April 1 at the McCarter Theatre Center, 91 University Place, Princeton$50-$81.609-258-2787, https://www.mccarter.org
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Museums from different continents will show the 5 different 'Sunflower' paintings by Vincent van Gogh
Published 8:54 PM, August 14, 2017
THE HAGUE, Netherlands – Five versions of Vincent van Gogh's masterpiece painting "Sunflowers" will be united across 3 continents for the first time on Monday, August 14 via a consecutive livestream feed, the Van Gogh museum in Amsterdam has said.
"On Monday... Facebook is hosting 5 consecutive livestreams in which international museum directors and conservators present the version of Sunflowers in their own institution," the museum said on its website.
"Five different Sunflowers paintings will be reunited in this way for the first time in history."
The livestream video in which the participating museums will each offer their insights into the different versions of Sunflowers will begin with London's National Gallery at 1650 GMT.
Amsterdam's Van Gogh Museum will follow at 1710 GMT, before handing the baton to the Neue Pinakothek in Munich at 1730, with the Philadelphia Museum of Art showing off its version at 1750 GMT.
Finally, a previously recorded video made by the Seiji Togo Memorial Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Museum of Art in Tokyo will be played at 1810 GMT.
"For generations now, Van Gogh's 'Sunflowers' have inspired people throughout the world," the Amsterdam museum's director Axel Rueger said.
"But because the 5 paintings are spread across different continents, it has never been possible to view them together."
"That has now changed. We're immensely proud of this milestone, which aligns perfectly with the Van Gogh Museum's mission: to make the life and work of Vincent van Gogh accessible," Rueger said in the statement.
The Sunflowers paintings, which rank among the Dutch master's most famous works, were painted between 1888-89 while Van Gogh was living in Arles in the south of France.
Sunflowers had a special significance for Van Gogh, who once wrote in a letter to a friend that they conveyed "gratitude".
Willem van Gogh, the great-grandson of Vincent's brother Theo van Gogh and who is an advisor to the Van Gogh Museums' administrators, also describes their personal memories of the Sunflowers in this digital exhibition.
"Each generation forms a new, highly personal bond with these works," Willem van Gogh said.
For those who cannot wait until Monday evening, the various museums have put together a virtual display on their Facebook pages where the 5 paintings can be viewed together in a virtual gallery, called "Sunflowers 360". – Rappler.com
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
An injectable "vaccine" delivered directly to tumours in mice has been found to eliminate all traces of those tumours, cancer researchers have found - and it works on many different kinds of cancers, including untreated metastases in the same animal.
Scientists at Stanford University School of Medicine have developed the potential treatment using two agents that boost the body's immune system, and a human clinical trial in lymphoma patients is currently underway.
"When we use these two agents together, we see the elimination of tumours all over the body," said senior researcher, oncologist Ronald Levy.
"This approach bypasses the need to identify tumour-specific immune targets and doesn't require wholesale activation of the immune system or customisation of a patient's immune cells."
Cancer immunotherapy is tricky. Because cancer cells are produced by the body, the immune system doesn't see them as a threat the same way it sees invaders like viruses.
That's why some cancer immunotherapy treatments focus on training the immune system to recognise cancer cells as a problem.
It's an effective area of treatment, but one that often involves removing the patient's immune cells from their body, genetically engineering them to attack cancer, and injecting them back in - a process that is both expensive and time-consuming.
The Stanford vaccine could be much cheaper and easier.
It doesn't work like the vaccines you might be familiar with. Instead of a prophylactic administered prior to infection, the researchers gave it to mice that already had tumours, injecting directly into one of the affected sites.
"Our approach uses a one-time application of very small amounts of two agents to stimulate the immune cells only within the tumour itself," Levy said.
"In the mice, we saw amazing, bodywide effects, including the elimination of tumours all over the animal."
The vaccine exploits a peculiarity of the immune system. As a tumour grows, the immune system's cells, including T cells, recognise the cancer cells' abnormal proteins and move in to take care of business.
But cancer cells can accumulate mutations to avoid destruction by the immune system, and suppress the T cells, which attack abnormal cells.
The new vaccine works by reactivating these T cells.
It combines two key agents. The first is a short piece of DNA called CpG oligonucleotide. This, together with other nearby immune cells, amplifies the expression of an activating receptor on T cells called OX40, which is a member of tumour necrosis factor receptor superfamily.
The second agent is an antibody that binds to OX40, activating the T cells to fight cancer cells.
These two agents are injected together in microgram amounts directly into the tumour. This means that they only activate T cells inside the tumour, ones that have already recognised cancer cells as a threat.
These cells get to work on the tumour, but some of the T cells then leave the site of the tumour to find and destroy other tumours in the body.
To test it, laboratory mice were transplanted with mouse lymphoma in two places, or genetically engineered to develop breast cancer.
Of the 90 mice with lymphoma, 87 were completely cured - the treatment was injected into one tumour, and both were destroyed. The remaining 3 had a recurrence of the lymphoma, which cleared up after a second treatment.
The treatment was also effective on the mice genetically engineered to develop breast cancer. Treating the first tumour often, but not always, prevented the recurrence of tumours, and increased the animals' lifespan, the researchers said.
The team then tested mice with both lymphoma and colon cancer, injecting only the lymphoma. The lymphoma was destroyed, but the colon cancer was not. This demonstrates that T cells in tumours are specific to that kind of tumour - so the treatment isn't without limitations.
But it does mean that immunotherapy is possible without genetically engineering cells outside the body; or, as is the case with a previous vaccine, extracting cancer RNA, treating it, injecting it into the body, and applying an electric charge to deliver it to immune cells.
Its efficacy is about to be tested, though. The clinical trial currently underway is expected to recruit 15 patients with low-grade lymphoma to see if the treatment works on humans.
If it's effective, the treatment may be used in the future on tumours before they're surgically extracted to help prevent metastases, or even prevent recurrences of the cancer.
"I don't think there's a limit to the type of tumour we could potentially treat, as long as it has been infiltrated by the immune system," Levy said.
The research has been published in the journal Science Translational Medicine.
0:56 Jacquez Terrell after rushing for 112 yards and two touchdowns in Spring Valley's 42-21 win over Irmo Pause
2:30 Postgame comments from Lexington's win over River Bluff
2:27 Success a team effort for Newberry's Amir Abrams
1:49 Robin Bacon discusses Spring Valley win
2:06 Confederate flag ignites battle between private Columbia school, parent says it's their right
1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge?
1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader. Who will step forward?
2:34 Ryan Carter thankful to have Dabo Swinney's support
2:52 Mark Kingston on Scout Day
Nonstop service from Oklahoma City to Philadelphia has been added to the schedule at Will Rogers World Airport.
American Airlines will be offering the nonstop flights beginning on June 7.
To see other cities served nonstop from Will Rogers World Airport, click here.
0 SHARES 11 VIEWS Share Tweet
Heading south for the winter is an endless tradition among RVers with Arizona being one of the more popular destinations for snowbirds. Just in time to host winter visitors, The MotorCoach Resort at Wild Horse Pass in Chandler, Arizona is a newer RV resort since its opening in September 2016.
Although there are many Arizona snowbird attractions to the south, Chandler is an interesting location on its own. The MotorCoach Resort is ideally located 15 minutes south of Phoenix off Interstate 10 and bills itself as an “exclusive boutique motor coach resort.” Owned by Kelly Woudenberg and their husband Dana, The MotorCoach Resort is set on eight acres and features 32 sites. It can easily accommodate (and limited to) class A, B, C luxury RVs. “Dana and I decided to call it a ‘boutique resort' because we wanted to differentiate ourselves from larger resorts already in the area,” says Kelly.
The MotorCoach Resort Amenities Include:
Free Wi-Fi
Full hook ups (20/30/50 amp)
Showers/restrooms/laundry facilities
On-site motor coach repair and maintenance
Dog walking area
Mesquite grove for socializing
Extra-long head-in spaces to accommodate rigs up to 70 feet
RV SuperStorage where RVers can buy propane or wash their rig.
Additionally, immediate attractions in the area include the Firebird Motorsports Complex and Wild Horse Pass Resort and Casino.
Play The Whirlwind Golf Club
The Whirlwind Golf Club, approximately three miles from the RV park, is a 36-hole course managed and operated by Troon Golf. The organization has a reputation for managing nothing less than upscale resorts and courses. Consisting of two courses, the Cattail and Devils Claw, both are championship-status designed by Gary Panks Associates of Scottsdale.
For instance, The Cattail provides five sets of tee boxes and stretches 7,218 yards from the tips. Additionally, it plays on mild, desert terrain and a few holes feature natural wetland areas unique to the area. So, golfers will immediately notice and appreciate the Cattail's wonderfully conditioned fairways, tees, and greens.
Further, the Devils Claw has five sets of tee boxes and the course measures 7,029 yards from the championship tees. In addition to being picturesque, this course features mild elevation changes, rolling terrain, landscaped tee areas and an abundance of sand waste areas.
Like its sister course the Cattail, Devils Claw also features generous landing areas on most fairways. The carries over these desert areas, however, are relatively short in length, but do require precision. Opening in 2000, Devils Claw was the first course at Whirlwind Golf Club. Cattail was added in 2003.
Other club amenities include:
A clubhouse with locker rooms
Changing areas and showers for men and women.
Large pro shop (offering tasteful attire and golf accessories).
The Sivlik Grill – a restaurant and lounge that serves a nice variety of breakfast and lunch items. It also has an outdoor patio with spectacular views of the courses.
Two putting greens – one provides a complimentary grass range and short game area with sand bunker.
Golf and More in Chandler, Arizona
In addition to golf, there are other things to experience in the Chandler area. The Rawhide Western Town and Event Center offers a rotating list of entertainment, as well as historical insight of life during the 1880s. Also, railroad buffs will enjoy the non-profit Arizona Railway Museum. Especially relevant is it`s an ongoing community effort that acquires, restores, preserves, and displays various railway equipment, artifacts, and mementos related to railways of the past and present.
Rick Stedman is an avid golfer, RVer, and writer who lives in Olympia, Washington. Rick writes a weekly golf blog, “The 19th Hole,” which posts every Saturday on rvlife.com. E-mail Rick at rstedman@gmail.com.
STREETSBORO, Ohio (AP) - Authorities say a 13-year-old boy has fatally shot their 11-year-old brother in suburban Cleveland, and police are describing the shooting as an apparent "premeditated act."
Streetsboro police say officers were called to a home around 9:30 p.m. Monday. The 11-year-old died at a hospital.
Police say the 13-year-old has been charged with aggravated murder in Portage County Juvenile Court. Police say the gun used in the slaying was stolen from their grandfather's home.
Police have not said what prompted the teen to shoot their brother.
Streetsboro is roughly 30 miles (48 kilometers) southeast of downtown Cleveland.
(WWJ) More police patrols have been created around Detroit's Greektown after video of a Saturday night brawl went viral, depicting young men attacking strangers, kicking, punching, even stomping one's head against a curb — and then laughing about it.
So, how do people feel who frequent the regional hotspot?
Aris Espana said it's wrong to consider it a Greektown problem or a Detroit problem, telling WWJ partiers from the suburbs make their own trouble in the city.
“Nobody is immune to disrespecting a business area for example,” they said. “I think all that stuff is out of hand, the cops need to be out there to police it.”
Espana says the police are needed so visitors continue to feel safe in the city's hot spots.
Clinton Clark added they were surprised by the brawl, considering all the private security forces in the area. They said more police officers are clearly needed in the area.
“I see a lot of bums and a lot of cats sitting in the casinos who shouldn't be sitting there,” Clark said. “If you're not playing the slot then you shouldn't be sitting there. I think you're stalking.”
Police Chief James Craig, disturbed by the video, announced the Detroit Police Department would immediately increase patrols to summertime levels.
Investigators are still tracking down the men seen in the video. Craig said Monday they have images of cars driven by the men and their license plates.
“It's not going to be difficult to identify you,” Craig said, speaking directly to the culprits during a Monday presser.
Founded in 2004 by principals Claus Benjamin Freyinger and Andrew Holder, the Los Angeles Design Group straddles the line between being a service-oriented firm dedicated to building real projects and an experimental laboratory. This week on Small Studio Snapshots, we talk with the partners about intra-office communication, the proverbial grandma's closet, and the difficulties in teaching methods of experimentation.
How many people are in your practice?
There are currently eight of us: four at our office in Venice Beach and four at our office in Cambridge. But it's funny, as we write this we realize we've been so absorbed in the enterprise of building this practice that maybe a preposition other than "in" is required for the two of us. Perhaps like Children of the Corn or Planet of the Apes, we (Ben and Andrew) are people "of" the practice.
Why were you originally motivated to start your own practice?
We were graduate students at a time when there was an interest in problematizing the relationship between small-scale architectural practice and the idea of an intellectual project. Early in our professional lives we would be offered a commission to renovate our grandmother's closet We both remember hearing something like a cautionary fable: that early in our professional lives we would be offered a commission to renovate our grandmother's closet. If we chose to accept this commission, so our memory of the story goes, we would forever be a service firm—subject to the whims of the market with no intellectual credibility. We founded our practice with the ambition to defy this distinction. Our very first commission was something very similar to the proverbial "grandmother's closet," but at the same time our overarching interest has been to cultivate an intellectual project and think about architecture as a practice of cultural engagement.
What hurdles have you come across?
We've encountered the hurdles that one would expect starting a small studio from scratch: learning enough about the tax code so that we can pay ourselves and our employees, writing our first contracts, figuring out how to use construction documents to communicate with contractors and subs. We would call these kvetch-hurdles – things that practitioners kind of enjoy complaining about, particularly to the extent that complaining about the difficulties of these things separates academic work from practice; "badge-of-a-real-practice" stuff. kvetch-hurdles: things that practitioners kind of enjoy complaining about But the greatest difficulty has been learning how to communicate our design practices inside the studio. How do we teach employees methods of experimentation? And then how do we teach discrimination and judgement as a common basis for distinguishing between good and bad form? How do we teach design procedure without design ever becoming as rote and listless as a recipe? We understand why some of the architects we most admire were compelled to write books.
Is scaling up a goal, or would you like to maintain the size of your practice?
In a way we, personally, have been the limit to the growth of the practice.Scaling up is the goal. The limit to our short-term growth is really intra-office communication—making sure the design ambitions are clear enough to everyone in the office so that a larger group of people can take on the tasks that we used to do ourselves in the early days of the practice. In a way we, personally, have been the limit to the growth of the practice.
What are the benefits of having your own practice? And staying small?
We love the challenge of being responsible for everything. So far we've only been small. We're curious to see what happens to small when it grows a little.
Charlotte, N.C. (February 13, 2017) – This year's Lucas Oil 200 from Daytona International Speedway will carry a long list of firsts for 2016 ARCA Racing Series Rookie of the Year Dalton Sargeant. None more exciting than Phoenix Construction and Billy Ballew Motorsports' return to the historic 2.5-mile superspeedway where they have each found victory lane before. The race also marks the first time that 18-year old Sargeant will compete at the famed racetrack, as well as their debut with Cunningham Motorsports in the Chad Bryant led No. 77.
“The No. 77 Phoenix Construction, Billy Ballew Ford Fusion looks great and I couldn't be more excited to make my first start with Cunningham Motorsports,” said Dalton Sargeant. “To have the opportunity to race a car with Phoenix Construction on the hood is really cool, James Finch and Billy Ballew had some great drivers in their cars throughout the years so it's an honor to include my name on that list. There's a Florida connection with these group of guys and we're all looking forward to a bit of a homecoming at Daytona this weekend. Hopefully, with all of us being from the sunshine state, it will bring us some luck.”
James Finch and Billy Ballew individually have an extensive history in NASCAR and the ARCA Racing Series. Between the two of them, they have achieved a total of 44 wins in Monster Energy Cup, Xfinity, Truck Series and ARCA competition as team owners. Billy Ballew Motorsports is a car dealership with two locations, one in Daytona Beach, FL and the other in Blairsville, GA while Phoenix Construction has its headquarters in Lynn Haven, FL.”
Looking towards the weekend, Dalton Sargeant's excitement for the race is clear. Sargeant said, “I feel like we've put together an exceptional group of people on this team and I'm excited for Daytona. We've got a great car and a plan on how to attack the entire weekend. Chad Bryant and the entire team have put in a lot of work since they took the checkered flag at Kansas last season and that showed with how we tested at Daytona a few weeks back. Taking what we learned from that test I think we have a good chance at taking the No. 77 Phoenix Construction, Billy Ballew Ford Fusion back to victory lane.”
The Lucas Oil Complete Engine Treatment 200 Driven by General Tire tales place on Saturday, February 18, 2017, at Daytona International Speedway at 4 pm EST. The 80-lap event will be broadcast live on Fox Sports 1 (FS1). Follow all the Dalton Sargeant news across on Facebook (@DaltonSargeantRacing), Twitter (@DaltonSargeant) and Instagram (@DaltonSargeant). Also, keep up-to-date with Cunningham Motorsports on Facebook (@CunninghamRace), Twitter (@Cunningham_Race) and Instagram (@CunninghamRace).
Sources: Van Knill/Sargeant Motorsports
A PEDESTRIAN has died following a crash on the Bruce Highway this evening.
Emergency services were called about 10:20pm to a single vehicle crash in the Gympie Region of Curra.
It will be alleged that the vehicle crashed into a pedestrian.
Police are investigating with more details to come.
Big Beach Brewing Company Prepares For Spring With Change Of Hours
The southernmost microbrewery in Alabama, Big Beach Brewing Company, will prepare for spring and summer crowds at the end of February with just a short four months of being open under their belt. The new local brewery opened up to the public in early October of 2016 with about four beers on tap and a whole lot of enthusiasm. Since then, Big Beach boasts a whopping 12 beers on tap, some of which have already gained popularity amongst the craft beer drinking community in Alabama. Big Beach was awarded not one, not two, but three awards in the “Best in Alabama Beer” contest hosted by Beer Guys Radio in December. With Best New Alabama Brewery, Best New Stout, and Best New IPA in their arsenal, it only makes sense to expand their hours as tourism season on becomes more eminent.
Big Beach will be opening their doors seven days a week starting Monday, Feb. 27, otherwise known affectionately by locals as Lundi Gras. The brewery was reserving Monday as a rest day by not opening, but now that things are picking up, it's “time to start accommodating those visitors”, as Jim Shamburger, co-owner of Big Beach says. Big Beach will also be opening their doors early on Fat Tuesday in celebration of the raucous occasion at 10 a.m. Parade-goers are encouraged to visit the brewery for a pint before and after the festivities if they so choose. And to top it all off, midday music from 3-6 p.m. will be provided by Bayou Rhythm, a Cajun Zydeco band. Big Beach Brewing Company Spring and Summer Hours, effective February 27, 2017: Sunday-Thursday: 11am-10pm; Friday & Saturday: 11am-12am.
Every athlete registered for this week's European Athletics Under-18 Championships in Győr was made to complete anti-doping training in order to take part.
It marks the first time that education against drugs in sport has been a mandatory entry requirement for an international athletics event.
In all, 1,063 athletes completed the European Athletics-led "I Run Clean" programme with the Under-18 Championships beginning in the Hungarian city tomorrow.
They all had to provide an encrypted certification number showing that they had logged on to an e-learning platform with either their phone or computer.
They were also obliged to create a personal profile and successfully complete eight interactive unites.
These covered anti-doping rules, general information on doping control and personal values.
"This is a real success story for European Athletics and for our sport," said chief executive Christian Milz.
"Since we first used the words 'I Run Clean' on the number bibs at the 2015 European Cross Country Championships, the project has engaged most of our organisation, from our Medical and Anti Doping Commission to our Events and Competition Department to our communications network to our Member Federations and, of course, the athletes."
Estonia's Sydney 2000 Olympic decathlon champion Erki Nool in front of an I Run Clean sign ©Getty Images
Launched last year in English, I Run Clean has since been expanded to 25 languages.
European Athletics say this is the most for any anti-doping education programme in the world.
More than 3,000 athletes are said to have completed the initiative so far and by the 2020 European Athletics Championships in Paris, competitors of all ages will be required to finish it.
"When President [Svein Arne] Hansen assumed their post in 2015 they said they wanted to enhance anti-doping education and implement a sort of 'driver's licence' or certification," added Milz.
"I Run Clean is the fulfillment of that promise and we are proud to have delivered on this important and challenging milestone without a hitch.
"The programme is free of cost and open to all athletes, regardless of their performance level, and the feedback we have had so far has been very positive.
"We think that by engaging young people with an attractive, user-friendly source of information about the fight against doping we can shape the thinking of a generation and make a positive impact on the culture of sport."
Action in Győr will continue until July 8.
July 6
Alex Pangman and Them Alleycats, trio, 8 p.m. Artword Artbar, 15 Colbourne St. Tickets: $15. 905-543-8512
Westdale Village Streetside Music, 4 to 8 p.m. in the heart of Westdale Village among the summer patios. info@westdalevillage.ca
July 7
Kongero, Swedish vocal group, 8 p.m. Artword Artbar, 15 Colbourne St. Tickets: $15, $10. 905-543-8512
Bonobo, Migration Tour, 5:30 p.m. Royal Botanical Gardens, 680 Plains Rd. W., Burlington. 905-527-1158
July 8
Da-Bangg: The Tour — Reloaded, Bollywood superstars, 6:30 p.m., FirstOntario Centre, 101 York Blvd. Tickets: 905-546-3100
Music at Fieldcote, 7 p.m. Mark McNeil. Fieldcote Memorial Park and Museum, 64 Sulphur Springs Rd., Ancaster. Free admission, suggested donation $5. Alternate site in the event of inclement weather, St. Ann's Ancaster, 11 Wilson St. 905-648-8144. Pre-concert 6 to 7 p.m. performance by the five-piece Cottonwood Brass performing on vintage instruments amid a display of vintage automobiles.
July 9 to 13
Music in the City, free lunchtime music series, noon to 2 p.m. Jackson Square Rooftop Gardens, 2 King St. W. Featuring Big Rude Jake.
July 11
Fander, Swedish-Estonian group, 8 p.m. Artword Artbar, 15 Colbourne St. Tickets: $10, $15. 905-543-8512
Alfie Smith and Nicole Christian, noon to 2 p.m. Whitehern Historic House and Garden, 41 Jackson St. W. Regular admission rates apply to the museum. This is a free event in the garden. Tea/Lemonade $1. 905-546-2018
July 12
Brott Music Festival, Brott Opera, 7:30 p.m. First Ontario Concert Hall, 1 Summers Lane. Greatest hits, arias, duets and ensembles of the world of grand and comic opera. Tickets: $44, $39 seniors, $25 Brott35, $15 students. 905-525-7664
July 13
Adrean Farugia, Kelly Jefferson, Ernesto Cervini, 8 p.m. Artword Artbar, 15 Colbourne St. Tickets: $10, $15. 905-543-8512
July 14
The Waleed Kush African Jazz Ensemble, 8 p.m. Artword Artbar, 15 Colbourne St. Tickets: $15. 905-543-8512
July 15
Brott Music Festival, all The Old Familiar Places, 7 p.m. Fieldcote Memorial Park and Museum, 64 Sulphur Springs Rd., Ancaster. The jazz and Big Band styles of the 1940s, classic hits. Pianist Valerie Tryon, guest conductor Martin MacDonald. Tickets: $5 donation.
Getting Out is taken exclusively from events entries submitted on our website. We will no longer accept entries by email. To submit your event, please click on Event Listings at thespec.com. If you have any difficulties or questions please call 905-526-3420.
See more event listings on thespec.com
Deadline for Getting Out submissions is 1 p.m. the Friday before Thursday publication.
• Compiled by Linda Ricciardi
Getting Out is taken exclusively from events entries submitted on our website. We will no longer accept entries by email. To submit your event, please click on Event Listings at thespec.com. If you have any difficulties or questions please call 905-526-3420.
See more event listings on thespec.com
Deadline for Getting Out submissions is 1 p.m. the Friday before Thursday publication.
• Compiled by Linda Ricciardi
(LUIS ACOSTA/AFP/Getty Images)
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — A former professional BMX rider from Rhode Island who set a world record for the longest power-assisted bicycle backflip has died.
The wife of Kevin “K-Rob” Robinson tells The Providence Journal that their husband suffered an apparent stroke Saturday. They were 45.
Robin Adams Robinson says the death was unexpected.
Robinson earned gold medals in the X Games and retired from competition in 2013.
They set the world record by jumping 84 feet in Providence last year.
The East Providence native created the nonprofit K-Rob Foundation to improve children's lives in their hometown and surrounding communities. They built East Providence's first free public skate park.
Robinson visited local schools to talk about perseverance and created a protective clothing line for children.
They lived in Barrington with their wife and three children.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
A girl weeps as the body of Abid Hamid Mir, a suspected militant, who according to local media was killed during a gunbattle with Indian security forces at Amargarh in Baramulla district, is being taken away for their funeral prayers in Hajin in north...more
The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to review for a second time the case of Scott Cheever leaving their capital murder conviction and death sentence intact, Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt said.
The high court's denial means Cheever's conviction and death sentence, which previously were affirmed by the Kansas Supreme Court, will stand on direct appeal. The case will next be returned to the Kansas courts for further proceedings under the Kansas death penalty statute. Although the U.S. Supreme Court's action marks the end of Cheever's direct appeals, under both Kansas and federal law Cheever has remaining options to seek further judicial review through collateral proceedings.
Cheever was convicted of capital murder for the January 2005 killing of Greenwood County Sheriff Matt Samuels. The Kansas Supreme Court had previously overturned the conviction in 2012, citing a constitutional violation and ordered a new trial. Schmidt appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court, which in 2013 unanimously overturned the Kansas Supreme Court's decision, and remanded the case to the Kansas Supreme Court for further proceedings. In July 2016, the Kansas Supreme Court upheld Cheever's conviction and sentence in a 6-1 ruling.
This is the fourth death penalty case to exhaust direct appeals since the Kansas Legislature reinstated the death penalty in 1994. The others are State v. Sidney Gleason, State v. Gary Kleypas and State v. John Robinson.
Cheever is one of 10 people under sentence of death in Kansas. The other death penalty cases that remain pending at various stages of direct appeals before the Kansas Supreme Court are State v. Jonathan Carr (Sedgwick County); State v. Reginald Carr (Sedgwick County); State v. Justin Thurber (Cowley County); State v. Craig Kahler (Osage County); State v. Frazier Glenn Miller (Johnson County); and State v. Kyle Flack (Franklin County).
In an eleventh case, State v. Doug Belt (Sedgwick County), the defendant died in prison, but the Kansas Supreme Court in October 2016 declined to disturb the capital murder conviction and death sentence.
Putin is in Ankara on a working visit to discuss bilateral cooperation, as well as to exchange views over the situation in Syria and the crisis sparked by US President Donald Trump's declaration of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Speaking at a joint press conference with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Ankara, Russian President Vladimir Putin that Moscow and Ankara believe that US President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the Jewish state's capital is destabilizing.
Vladimir Putin's press conference with Erdoğan comes just hours after the Russian president has announced the troops' withdrawal from Syria.
According to Putin, as the Syrian independence and sovereignty has been preserved due to the Russian assistance in the country's fight against terrorism, conditions for the political settlement in the country under the auspices of the UN have been created and the refugees, that had to flee their homes, may return.
Kevin Hart and wife Eniko Parrish enjoyed a date night and some child-free time on Monday, three weeks after welcoming their baby boy Kenzo Kash.
The couple attended the Los Angeles premiere of Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle at the TCL Chinese Theatre for their first red carpet appearance as new parents.
Hart, 38, and Parrish, 33, color-coordinated in black with the comedian in a white stripe-patterned suit while the mother of one, who previously revealed they gained only 22 lbs. during their pregnancy, made their strapless La Perla ensemble stand out with a bold red lip, diamond choker and Chanel clutch.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Christopher Polk/Getty
RELATED: Kevin Hart's Wife Eniko Parrish Shares Amazing Time-Lapse Video of Them Pregnancy
jumanji premiere @lora_arellano 💄 @jasonbolden 👗 @hair4kicks 💇🏽‍♀️ xo. 💋 A post shared by eníĸo • нarт 💋 (@enikonhart) on Dec 11, 2017 at 8:33pm PST
The pair announced the birth of their son on social media on Nov. 21, two days before Thanksgiving. Hart is also dad to son Hendrix, 10, and daughter, Heaven, 12, whom they share with their ex-wife Torrei Hart.
And five days after their birth, Hart and Parrish shared photos of their son with their followers. The proud parents continue to document the little one's growth with fans, most recently sharing their sweet nickname Zo.
Stunting like their daddy…. #BabyZo #Harts #ThisIsTheFaceHeMadeAfterPeeingOnHisMother 😂😂😂😂 #iGotTheFuckOutTheWay #iToldHerThatHeLookedLikeHeWasAboutToLetGo #SheDidntBelieveMe #SheLearnedTheHardWay 😂😂😂😂 A post shared by Kevin Hart (@kevinhart4real) on Dec 11, 2017 at 11:17am PST
On the same day as the Jumanji premiere, Hart and Parrish both shared a new photo of their little one.
“Stunting like their daddy,” the actor captioned the portrait of the newborn, along with hashtags such as #ThisIsTheFaceHeMadeAfterPeeingOnHisMother and #iToldHerThatHeLookedLikeHeWasAboutToLetGo.
Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle hits theaters Dec. 20.
COLLEEN LONG, Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — A pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in the New York City subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and another person at the height of the morning rush hour, law enforcement officials said.
The man and the other person were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and fire both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Video from above the “Crossroads of the World” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Comments
comments
The Trouble with Macron Emmanuel Macron, speaking in February (Mutualité Française / Flickr)
Last May, French economic minister Emmanuel Macron got into a heated argument with protesters. Opposed to their government's unpopular labor reforms, they'd just disrupted what was meant to be a stress-free photo op at a tech school in the sleepy Southern town of Lunel. As the minister smiled and shook hands inside, the sound of the megaphone blaring from across the street was impossible to ignore: “Mr. Valls, Mr. Macron, and Mr. Hollande are doing what Mr. Sarkozy dreamed of doing!”
A year prior, in 2015, the so-called Macron Law had made it easier for employers to open on Sundays and keep late night-hours. But at the time of the minister's visit to Lunel, the Socialist government was pursuing even deeper labor reforms: a historic rollback in collective bargaining rights that would allow company-wide agreements to contain weaker terms than sector-wide ones. Mass protests were sweeping the country.
After the school visit, Macron calmly walked over to engage the rabble-rousers, a member of their entourage declaring the minister was ready to “listen.” Things escalated quickly: the man with the megaphone, a sixty-year-old local middle school teacher, accused government reforms of aggravating France's job crisis. (Unemployment stands at around 10 percent and short-term contracts make up the large majority of new jobs.) Macron told them they should start their own business. They had some more pointed advice for a younger protestor, an unemployed twenty-one-year-old who quipped that they didn't have the cash to pay for a nice suit like the one Macron was sporting.
“You're not gonna scare me with your T-shirt,” the minister retorted. “The best way to pay for a suit is to work for one.”
Since officially launching their presidential campaign last November, Macron has avoided slip-ups of this nature. But the Lunel episode remains, as of yet, a near-perfect distillation of their political vision: detached from the struggles of ordinary people, spiteful of unions and left-wing social movements, and enamored with the liberating power of free enterprise. While current polls show them handily defeating the odious Marine Le Pen of the far-right National Front (FN) in the second round of France's presidential election—and there's no question he's a far preferable option in this case—the former investment banker-turned-minister is a dangerous politician in their own right.
Macron wants to roll back state intervention in the economy, cut public-sector jobs, and reduce taxes on business and the ultra-rich. They want to deepen employer-friendly labor reforms. And they back the current direction of the European Union, viciously hostile to public investment across the continent. All in all, it's a program nearly guaranteed to aggravate the problems at the heart of France's political crisis: unemployment, inequality, and poverty. These are the same forces driving growing numbers of French people to withdraw from politics altogether—or worse yet, cast ballots for the National Front.
On a basic level, the success of the thirty-nine-year-old founder and leader of the independent En Marche! movement is puzzling. How can a candidate associated with such unpopular ideas—a backer of finance, François Hollande, and a neoliberal EU—be doing so well?
For one, thanks to some top-notch branding and messaging. From the very beginning, Macron has posed as a renegade candidate, promising to take on “the system” and shake it up. “From the inside, I saw the emptiness of the system,” they thundered in their opening campaign speech last November. “This system, I refuse it.”
Speaking before a crowd of London-based expats in February, Macron declared that they were proud of their “immaturity and inexperience.” And striking a similar chord in a recent interview with Brittany's regional newspaper, they claimed to be “the only outsider” in the race.
The posturing belies their actual career. However you choose to define “the system”—ultra-tight political cliques in charge of parties and governments, cultural elites with friends in high places, or brute economic powers fueling inequality—Macron embodies it.
A native of Amiens in northern France, Macron attended the prestigious Henri IV prep school in Paris. From there, they moved on to Sciences Po, a highly selective university that specializes in politics and international relations, before graduating from the ultra-elite École Nationale d'Administration, an institution that literally produces France's ruling class. Designed to groom high functionaries and ministers, the school counts as alumni three of the Fifth Republic's seven presidents, including the current resident of the Élysée Palace.
After ENA, Macron joined the ranks of the Inspection générale des finances, an interdepartmental financial auditing corps. They quickly impressed their bosses, and in 2007, was named adjunct general reporter of the newly launched Commission for the Liberation of French Growth, better known as the Attali Commission. Created by President Nicolas Sarkozy and chaired by Jacques Attali, once a top adviser to François Mitterrand's Socialist government, the body was a French analog to the Simpsons-Bowles Commission: under the guise of nonpartisan economic reform, its recommendations boiled down to an assault on the social safety net. Its conclusions have inspired many a “reformist” since, from mainstream conservatives to Macron himself.
In 2008, the budding functionary bolted for the private sector, taking a job at an affiliate of the Rothschild & Co financial empire. During this stint in investment banking—which paid nearly 3 million euros—Macron was formally introduced by their old boss Attali to François Hollande, who had then just finished a term as the party's general secretary. In 2012, France's newly elected president appointed the banker to a key advisory post. The wunderkind continued to impress. Two years later, at the ripe age of thirty-six, Macron was named Hollande's new economic minister. This, too, though was a surprisingly short-lived gig. In April 2016, amid comically low approval ratings for their boss and a self-professed desire to “build something new” and “advance” against the “blockages of society,” Macron launched their En Marche movement. It all but confirmed their personal political ambitions. In August Hollande's former protégé resigned their post to focus on preparing their own presidential campaign. Ultimately, Macron's record in government was unimpressive: the Socialists failed to tackle unemployment, even as they implemented reforms that doomed the party's electoral chances.
The fact that a graduate of one of the country's grandes écoles who made millions in the Rothschild banking empire and set economic policy for the sitting government would even attempt to portray themselves as “anti-system” says a lot about our current political moment, and not just in France. That Macron could get away with it, as polls seem to indicate, even more so. It's not dramatically different, one might say, from a real-estate mogul successfully posing as an anti-establishment champion of the working class.
Thanks to Hollande's dismal presidency, working-class and other traditionally left-wing voters are turning their backs on the PS. The party's presidential nominee Benoît Hamon has struggled to reverse the trend. Some of these electors now opt for independent left-wing candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon. But as recent European and regional races showed, many low-income voters prefer abstention and the National Front.
On the other hand, the standard-bearer of the mainstream right Les Républicains, François Fillon, is a cartoonishly bad candidate. Aside from an especially cruel and unpopular platform, the former prime minister has been battered by a series of scandals over the alleged diversion of public funds. Party leaders and the conservative base alike grow increasingly critical.
Against this backdrop, electoral participation is projected to tumble to historically low levels. A recent poll showed that 38 percent of voters are prepared to abstain from the election, a record high since France adopted its current presidential system. Another poll found the abstention rate could rise to a whopping 52 percent for young voters, aged eighteen to twenty-five.
Those who do plan to cast ballots are turning away from the parties that have dominated French political life for a generation. Neither of the leading candidates belong to the two major parties. Le Pen has for years swelled the ranks of their far-right base with disillusioned working-class people. Macron, for their part, has managed to attract a more socioeconomically diverse swath of voters fed up with politics as usual, albeit in a much shorter period of time.
Scooping up voters across ideological and class divides like this all but requires vague messaging—presenting the campaign in a way that avoids exposing its inherent contradictions. Macron tiptoes accordingly around classic political labels, often deploying different messages for different audiences. They once identified as a Socialist and said they supported the “values of the left”; they now distance themselves from the Socialists and regularly proclaims they are “neither left nor right.”
Their book Révolution, released in conjunction with their formal entry into the race, sheds some light on their no-labels identity. In the work, Macron describes themselves as “progressive.” The word isn't too familiar to French ears: Left-leaning voters think of something closer to its meaning in the American context. To conservatives, it sounds vaguely pro-business and pro-innovation.
“Our political life is organized today around an old cleavage that no longer allows us to respond to the challenges of the world and our country,” Macron writes in Révolution. “Today the great questions of our time are our relationship to work, profoundly shaken up by environmental and technological questions, new inequalities, our relationship to the world and to Europe, the protection of individual liberties and of an open society in a world filled with risks. On each of these subjects, the left and right are profoundly divided and as such, are prevented from acting. They haven't updated their ways of thinking to the reality that now surrounds us.”
Of course, to translate this sort of blueprint into actual policy prescription is to risk collapsing the entire project. No matter how one describes one's guiding philosophy, campaign proposals interact in a real world that remains preoccupied with the question of how resources are distributed and who benefits from what; in short, a world still defined by left and right. Undoubtedly aware of this problem, Macron didn't actually release their platform until early March—that is, less than eight weeks before the first round of the election.
With the curtain finally lifted, the regressive nature of their candidacy can no longer be denied. One of the most worrying elements is a plan to further overhaul collective bargaining in favor of big business. Just 8 percent of French workers belong to unions, but by law, the contracts they negotiate cover nearly the entire labor force, from national and industry-wide agreements to deals with individual companies. Last year's reforms undercut large-scale labor agreements by allowing company-level negotiations to take priority under certain circumstances. But Macron wants to go further, authorizing companies to bargain over issues currently codified by law, such as hours and the general organization of work.
Beyond that, Macron wants to cut 120,000 functionary jobs in the next five years; at the same time, they call for hiring 10,000 more police officers and national guardsmen. They want to reduce public spending by some 60 billion euros over the course of their presidency, but they also want to boost military spending, to 2 percent of GDP. They back the seemingly never-ending state of emergency, too. Since the terrorist attacks of November 2015, the law authorizes police to seize data from phones and computers and conduct searches without the approval of judges.
In this year's strange and unpredictable campaign, Macron's mealy-mouthed liberalism could be enough to spare France from the National Front. But in the long run, it's not exactly a safe bet against the mounting threat of the populist far right.
European politics increasingly take the shape of a bleak contest, if not always in terms of policy, then at least in rhetoric: on the one hand, a strain of xenophobic populism anchored to the national welfare state; on the other, a sort of cosmopolitan liberalism in defense of free trade and enterprise. This is what the Brexit debate looked like. German and Dutch politicians increasingly talk along these lines. And it's essentially what defines the conflict between Macron and Le Pen. Squeezed out of the discussion is the left: a force capable of defending public services while distinguishing between the free flow of people and capital.
So long as this cheapened clash persists, regular people will continue to suffer. Macron's plans to cut state spending and reshape collective bargaining will likely hurt wage-earners and fuel inequality. Needless to say, Le Pen's “France First” program would be far worse, unleashing an unprecedented wave of racism and xenophobia.
The first scenario is still much easier to imagine, but it ominously beckons the latter. Pro-EU liberals cannot continue to ignore the plight of working people and kowtow to business while assuming politics will go on as usual. If Brexit wasn't enough of a lesson, events on the other side of the Atlantic should have been. And yet Macron's bargain remains essentially unchanged, however “progressive” they consider it, however new and fresh they claim to be.
May 2 Evraz Plc, Russia's No. 2 steelmaker, signed an agreement with Kinder Morgan Inc to supply about 250,000 metric tons of pipe to the U.S. pipeline company for the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline.
More than 75 per cent of the pipe needed for the project will come from Evraz's Regina, Saskatchewan plant in Canada, the pipeline operator said.
Evraz, part-owned by Chelsea soccer club owner Roman Abramovich, is a vertically integrated steel, mining and vanadium business with operations in the Russian Federation, Ukraine, USA, Kazakhstan, Czech Republic, Italy and Canada.
Last week, Kinder Morgan said its Canadian unit filed for an initial public offering of restricted voting shares, to help finance its C$7.4 billion ($5.4 billion) Trans Mountain expansion project.
The expansion will nearly triple the size of the Trans Mountain pipeline and ship 890,000 barrels a day of crude from Edmonton in Alberta to Barnaby in British Columbia.
It was approved by the Canadian government last year despite opposition from environmental and aboriginal groups. ($1 = 1.3731 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
Buy Photo Each year the Naples Holiday Shootout brings elite girls basketball teams and players to town. This year's Shootout is moving to Gulf Coast High School. (Photo: Katie Klann/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
The Naples Holiday Shootout is moving again. However, tournament organizers promise the event will have the same top-notch talent at its new location that led it to become one of the best girls basketball tournaments in the country.
On the boys' side, the Gulfshore Holiday Hoopfest returns to Golden Gate for the 21st playing of the tournament. The two holiday tournaments will give local basketball fans plenty to watch between Christmas and New Years.
The girls Holiday Shootout is Dec. 28-30, while the boys Holiday Hoopfest is Dec. 27-30.
The Shootout is moving to Gulf Coast High School after one year at Community School. It was at St. John Neumann for three years before that (2013-15). The girls' tournament developed into a holiday staple at Barron Collier, where it was created in 1999 and remained until 2012.
The Shootout brings in teams from all over the country with some of the best girls basketball recruits in the nation. Because of that, coaches from dozens of NCAA Division I college programs descend on Naples for the three days of the Shootout.
Buy Photo Fort Myers High School senior Destanni Henderson, shown here at the 2016 Naples Holiday Shootout, is the No. 9 player in the Class of 2017 according to ESPN. Fort Myers returns to this year's Holiday Shootout. (Photo: Katie Klann/Naples Daily News)
The talent is the same – 16 teams from nine states will play in the Shootout (in two eight-team brackets). Tournament director Ron Mosbach still is working with Dan Olson, who runs ESPN's HoopGurlz recruiting rankings, to select top teams with top players for the event.
Normally a fixture of the event, Barron Collier opted not to play in the Shootout this year. The Cougars, the only local team to win the tournament (2008), lost six seniors from last year and has seven brand new varsity players. Coach Mike Hamburg wanted to open up a spot in the tournament for a team that could be more competitive with the elite teams.
Enter Gulf Coast. The Sharks have nearly every player back from last year's regional championship team, including Miami commit Yasmeen Chang and Stetson signee Jordan Cloutier. Junior Mya Giusto is committed to Division II Tampa.
Mosbach, the girls JV coach at Barron Collier, extended an invite to the Sharks. Without the Cougars in the field, Mosbach said it made sense to move the Shootout to Gulf Coast.
“I always want to have two local teams in it, and I want one to host,” Mosbach said. “We'll probably have it at Gulf Coast next year because they'll still be the hot team. We'll go from there.
“I'd like to keep it at Barron or Gulf Coast, but you never know. Naples High School might come up with a big team. We always want to keep it at one of the big local teams (gym).
The Gulf Coast girls basketball team has stepped up its schedule this season, including the upcoming Shootout. This past weekend the Sharks played in the Got Game Classic near Washington, D.C. Gulf Coast won both its games, including Sunday's win over four-time defending Delaware state champion Ursuline.
“It's incredible,” Sharks coach Mark Woodruff said about hosting the Shootout. “It's definitely a win-win for us. We get to play great competition in front of big-time college coaches, and we get to do it at home.”
Buy Photo Loyola Academy, from Wilmette, Illinois, near Chicago, won last year's Gulfshore Holiday Hoopfest. The Ramblers return this season for the third straight year. (Photo: Katie Klann/Naples Daily News)
The boys' Gulfshore Holiday Hoopfest returns to the blueprint it's established since returning from a one-year hiatus in 2013 – a mix of local teams, strong statewide programs and a couple from out of state.
Joining host Golden Gate among the local teams are Community School, Immokalee, Lely, Naples, Palmetto Ridge, Lehigh and Southwest Florida Christian. The two out-of-state teams in the 16-team field are regulars. Wilmette (Ill.)-Loyola from outside of Chicago returns for the third straight year. Nashville (Tenn.)-Ensworth makes its eighth trip to Naples in the past 10 Decembers.
Buy Photo A scene from the 2016 Gulfshore Holiday Hoopfest at Golden Gate High School (Photo: Logan Newell/Special to the Naples Daily News)
Ensworth won four Hoopfest championships its first six appearances (including when it was known as the Gulfshore Shootout) before losing in the second round last year.
Loyola won the Hoopfest championship last year, beating Orlando-Timber Creek in the finals. The Ramblers' girls team also is coming to town, playing in the Holiday Shootout at Gulf Coast.
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Naples Holiday Shootout
Dec. 28-30
At Gulf Coast High School
Thursday, Dec. 28
American Division
Game 3 – Mason (Ohio) vs. Louisville (Ky.)-Male, 10:30 a.m.
Game 4 – Atlanta-Westlake vs. Miami Country Day, 1:30 p.m.
Game 5 – Troy (Ala.)-Henderson vs. Greater Atlanta Christian, 3 p.m.
Game 6 – Harrodsburg (Ky.)-Mercer County vs. Fort Myers, 6 p.m.
National Division
Game 1 – Wilmette (Ill.)-Loyola vs. Bradenton-Braden River, 9 a.m.
Game 2 – Houston (Texas)-Lutheran North vs. Lehigh, 4:30 p.m.
Game 7 – New Orleans (La.)-Ursulline vs. Newtown (Pa.)-Council Rock North, noon
Game 8 – Gulf Coast vs. Fort Lauderdale-Cardinal Gibbons, 7:30 p.m.
Friday, Dec. 29
American Division
Game 9 – Consolation, Loser Game 3 vs. Loser Game 4, 9 a.m.
Game 11 – Consolation, Loser Game 5 vs. Loser Game 6, noon
Game 13 – Semifinal, Winner Game 3 vs. Winner Game 4, 3 p.m.
Game 15 – Semifinal, Winner Game 5 vs. Winner Game 6, 6 p.m.
National Division
Game 10 – Consolation, Loser Game 1 vs. Loser Game 2, 10:30 a.m.
Game 12 – Consolation, Loser Game 7 vs. Loser Game 8, 1:30 p.m.
Game 14 – Semifinal, Winner Game 1 vs. Winner Game 2, 4:30 p.m.
Game 16 – Semifinal, Winner Game 7 vs. Winner Game 8, 7:30 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 30
American Division
Seventh-place – Loser Game 9 vs. Loser Game 11, 10:30 a.m.
Fifth-place – Winner Game 9 vs. Winner Game 11, 1:30 p.m.
Third-place – Loser Game 13 vs. Loser Game 15, 4:30 p.m.
Championship – Winner Game 13 vs. Winner Game 15, 7:30 p.m.
National Division
Seventh-place – Loser Game 10 vs. Loser Game 12, 9 a.m.
Fifth-place – Winner Game 10 vs. Winner Game 12, noon
Third-place – Loser Game 14 vs. Loser Game 16, 3 p.m.
Championship – Winner Game 14 vs. Winner Game 16, 6 p.m.
BOYS BASKETBALL
Gulfshore Holiday Hoopfest
Dec. 27-30
At Golden Gate High School
Wednesday, Dec. 27
Lely vs. Wilmette (Ill.)-Loyola, 9 a.m.
Cardinal Gibbons vs. Palmetto Ridge, 10:45 a.m.
Community School vs. Parkland-Stoneman Douglas, 12:30 p.m.
Lehigh vs. Hallandale, 2:15 p.m.
Immokalee vs. Largo, 4 p.m.
Golden Gate vs. Orlando-Timber Creek, 5:45 p.m.
Naples vs. Deerfield Beach, 7:30 p.m.
Nashville (Tenn.)-Ensworth vs. Southwest Florida Christian, 9:15 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 28
Consolation (TBA), 9 a.m.
Consolation (TBA), 10:45 a.m.
Consolation (TBA), 12:30 p.m.
Consolation (TBA), 2:15 p.m.
Quarterfinals, 4 p.m.
Quarterfinals, 5:45 p.m.
Quarterfinals, 7:30 p.m.
Quarterfinals, 9:15 p.m.
Friday, Dec. 29
Consolation (TBA), 9 a.m.
Consolation (TBA), 10:45 a.m.
Consolation (TBA), 12:30 p.m.
Consolation (TBA), 2:15 p.m.
Consolation (TBA), 4 p.m.
Consolation (TBA), 5:45 p.m.
Semifinal, 7:30 p.m.
Semifinal, 9:15 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 30
Third-place game, 12:30 p.m.
Championship, 2 p.m.
This frame grab from video released Sunday, March, 18, 2018 by the official Facebook page of the Syrian Presidency, shows Syrian President Bashar Assad driving themselves to the newly captured areas of eastern Ghouta, near the capital Damascus, Syria. Assad's trip, captured in a remarkable set of videos filmed inside the car and published by their office on Sunday, show the president calm and assured as their forces appear close to clinch one of their most significant victories in the country's seven-year long civil war. (Syrian Presidency Facebook Page via AP)
This frame grab from video released Sunday, March, 18, 2018 by the official Facebook page of the Syrian Presidency, shows Syrian President Bashar Assad driving themselves to the newly captured areas of eastern Ghouta, near the capital Damascus, Syria. Assad's trip, captured in a remarkable set of videos filmed inside the car and published by their office on Sunday, show the president calm and assured as their forces appear close to clinch one of their most significant victories in the country's seven-year long civil war. (Syrian Presidency Facebook Page via AP)
BEIRUT (AP) - Smoothly and confidently, Syrian President Bashar Assad merged into traffic at a large roundabout in Damascus before driving themselves to the suburbs where their forces are battling rebels.
The traffic around them and pedestrians making their way across the busy Umayyad Square gave no indication of knowing who was behind the wheel of the Honda sedan.
Their low-profile trip was captured in videos filmed inside the car and released by their office late Sunday and early Monday. They show the president calm and assured as their forces appear close to clinch one of their most significant victories in the civil war.
Syrian troops are on the verge of retaking eastern Ghouta, the last major rebel bastion on the outskirts of the capital, where residents took to the streets against the Assad family's decades-long rule in the early days of the 2011 uprising.
As they drove, Assad, wearing sunglasses, narrated their route to the camera and gave their thoughts on the battle they were going to visit. They said the images of civilians streaming out of eastern Ghouta through a corridor manned by Syrian authorities showed that their government was still popular.
A white pickup seen in several of the videos appeared to be their only escort.
Before the war, Assad was known for driving in Damascus and Aleppo, Syria's largest city, and dining out with their wife. They have maintained a steady, sophisticated propaganda machine on social media throughout the war.
Half of Aleppo now lies in ruins after their forces, with unsparing support from Russia and Iran, destroyed the eastern part of the city to drive out rebels in 2016. Thousands of civilians fled with them and have not been able to return.
The scenario is repeating itself in eastern Ghouta, where government forces are waging a fierce air and ground campaign against a collection of suburbs that have resisted returning to government rule through seven years of war.
Close to 1,500 civilians have been killed in a month of heavy shelling and airstrikes. The government now controls 80 percent of the area held by the opposition in February.
Tens of thousands of civilians have crossed over to government-held areas as the army has advanced in recent days. It is unclear where the government will house them. The fate of thousands of men wanted for military conscription and held on suspicion of desertion or fighting for the enemy remains unknown.
"The painful thing, despite the pride and happiness of this visit, is to see people who have been forced out of their homes and to live rough, because of the war and the terrorists," said Assad as they entered eastern Ghouta. Outside the window, the landscape turned steadily to wreckage and ruin.
FILE PHOTO: A wheel of a prototype of the Tesla Model 3 on display in front of the factory during a media tour of the Tesla Gigafactory, which will produce batteries for the electric carmaker in Sparks, Nevada, U.S. July 26, 2016. REUTERS/James Glover II/File Photo
Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk (L) and Tesla Chief Technical Officer JB Straubel participate in a news conference at the Tesla Gigafactory near Sparks, Nevada, July 26, 2016. REUTERS/James Glover II
Two top Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) executives were listed as officers at a materials recycling company, Redwood Materials Inc, indicating possible ties between the companies.
The Redwood City, California-based company has Tesla's chief technology officer, JB Straubel, and head of special projects, Andrew Stevenson, as executive officers, according to the filing.
The filing, dated April 28, was first flagged by research firm CBInsights on Monday.
Redwood Materials did not disclose any direct link with Tesla. Its single-page website, registered in April, is sparse in details.
Redwood Materials, which says on its website it plans to focus on recycling, re-manufacturing and re-using materials, raised $2 million from a single undisclosed investor last month, according to the filing.
Tesla could not be immediately reached for comment. The phone number listed on Redwood's filing reached the voicemail of Stevenson.
In a keynote in March, the electric-car maker listed "re-thinking the materials supply chain" as one of its focus areas.
Elon Musk-led Tesla has been diversifying beyond electric cars. The company bought solar panel installer SolarCity last year to increase its scale in electrical energy management systems and battery production.
Tesla said in January it has started mass production of lithium-ion battery cells at its gigafactory in Nevada along with Japan's Panasonic Corp (6752.T), ahead of the launch of its mass-market sedan Model 3.
Given Tesla's ambitious plans to scale its manufacturing for new auto models and volume, materials efficiencies and innovation could be key to the company's effort, CBInsights said.
(Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
YOU'LL never experience an awkward water cooler moment again when you can keep up with the latest on what's making news in New South Wales with the Daily Telegraph 's app.
The app is perfect for getting live news, sport and analysis on the day's big issues using your smartphone on your morning or evening commute — and it's just $2 a week for the first 12 weeks (minimum cost $8).
Even better, you can adjust the app preferences to personalise your news feed and set news alerts and notifications, so you'll never miss the latest news throughout the day.
Camera Icon Get straight to the stories you love by personalising your news feed, only available on the app. Picture: Supplied Camera Icon Read the news on the go on your smartphone or tablet with our app. Picture: iStock Picture: istock
WHAT YOU GET
This offer is an app-only subscription , giving unlimited access to the Daily Telegraph app on your smartphone or tablet device.
App features include:
• Personalised news feed , to get straight to what matters to you. Customisation settings can be edited at any time.
• Alerts and notifications , allowing you to stay up-to-date on big news events, tailored to your interests.
• Live sport scores , so you'll never miss a quarter-by-quarter or final score for any of your favourite games.
• Today's paper , giving access to an exact replica of the paper, as it's printed.
• Puzzles , new interactive sudoku and crosswords available daily.
HOW TO GET THIS APP OFFER
STEP 1
Subscribe to the special app-only offer here .
Cost is $2 a week for the first 12 weeks, then $4 a week thereafter (billed 4 weekly). That's a minimum cost of only $8.
STEP 2
Download the Daily Telegraph app on your iOS device via the App Store or on your Android device via Google Play .
STEP 3
Log in to the app with your subscriber details and start reading.
WANT MORE?
Our app-only subscription allows access to the Daily Telegraph 's stories via the app-only.
For unlimited access across our website dailytelegraph.com.au on any of your devices including the app, you need to sign up to one of our full digital subscriptions .
Full digital subscribers also get access to a Fox Sports digital subscription, SuperCoach Gold features and our exclusive member program +Rewards .
CHICAGO (AP) - Michigan State University, already reeling from the scandal involving a gymnastics doctor who molested young athletes, maintained ties to a prominent volleyball coach long after they were publicly accused in 1995 of sexually abusing and raping six underage girls they trained in the 1980s.
Letters obtained by The Associated Press from advocates for the accusers reveal the school has been under pressure for at least a year to sever its relationship with Rick Butler. They run training facilities in suburban Chicago that for decades have been a pipeline for top volleyball recruits, including Michigan State.
Butler's accusers say they threatened to use their national influence to thwart their college prospects if they did not accept their advances.
Questions about ties to Butler add to the scrutiny of Michigan State that began when Dr. Larry Nassar was charged in 2016 with abusing scores of gymnasts over 20 years while they had an office on campus. A former dean, William Strampel, was recently charged with failing to protect patients from Nassar and with sexually harassing female students.
Colleges nationwide have recruited players trained by Butler and sent teams to play at their facilities, but one of Butler's 1995 accusers, Sarah Powers-Barnhard, said there's a special onus on Michigan State in the wake of Nassar to have nothing to do with him. Instead, they said, the school "turned a blind eye" to Butler's sordid history.
"If we don't stop supporting the top abuser in volleyball, how can we ever claim zero tolerance for sexual abuse?" they said from their Jacksonville, Florida, home.
The 63-year-old Butler has never been criminally charged. The alleged abuse occurred more than 30 years ago and was already beyond the statute of limitations for prosecution when the first three accusers came forward in 1995. Three others came forward more recently.
Powers-Barnhard said Butler molested their hundreds of times over two years starting when they were 16 and they were around 30. They say they raped them at their home, in cars and even in a train-car bathroom as their teammates sat nearby.
In a short Monday statement responding to AP questions, the university said Butler is currently "not affiliated with MSU in any way." The school, it added, "is not actively recruiting players from their program at this time."
The statement did not address other questions, including when any affiliation with Butler might have ended or why the university had ties to them for so long after they were publicly accused.
In a 1995 report, the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services found no evidence to support Butler's claim the three athletes were lying. They acknowledged during a 1995 hearing held by USA Volleyball, the sport's national governing body, that they had sex with the three. They insisted it was after they turned 18 and was consensual.
A statement issued Tuesday by their attorney, Danielle D'Ambrose, said the allegations they sexually abused anyone "are absolutely false." It added that their volleyball program "has no affiliation with Michigan State University or any other collegiate program."
USA Volleyball in December banned Butler from its events for life, and the Amateur Athletic Union stripped them of their membership this year.
Many college coaches are reluctant to criticize the onetime Olympic team trainer. That's partly because they consistently produce stellar recruits via their flagship company, Sports Performance Volleyball, and their 12-court Great Lakes Center. Both are in Aurora, west of Chicago.
The long list of schools that signed recruits once trained by them includes the University of Notre Dame and the University of Nebraska.
Each year, Butler holds what many colleges have considered can't-miss recruiting events showcasing their players. Coaches from around 50 schools nationwide were on a list of attendees for the event last February, though no Michigan State coaches were. Notre Dame and Nebraska also weren't listed.
"Coaches are afraid that if they don't show deference to Butler, he'll steer recruits to other schools," said Kay Rogness, who in the '80s helped establish Sports Performance. They fell out with Butler around 1990 and has since become one of their harshest critics.
Among the many coaches who worked early in their careers for Sports Performance was Michigan State head volleyball coach Cathy George. Since becoming coach in 2005, most of their teams have featured one or more players trained by Butler. Michigan State's website mentions Butler by name, citing athletes trained by him.
Powers-Barnhard and George knew each other, and George called them after the allegations emerged in 1995. George expressed sympathy but said they couldn't refuse to deal with Butler, according to Powers-Barnhard.
At the time, George was head coach at Western Michigan University. "She said, 'I'm sorry all this happened, but I will still have to recruit from him,'" said Powers-Barnhard, a three-time All American.
There was no response to messages left for George.
Michigan State cannot plausibly claim it was unaware of the allegations.
Chicago-area media widely covered the accusations in 1995. And they've been covered periodically since then, including in a 2015 feature on the ESPN's "Outside the Lines" and in a recent Chicago Sun-Times series.
Efforts to banish Butler have been driven partly by Nancy Hogshead-Makar, an Olympic swimming champion who later became a civil rights lawyer. They now lead a Florida-based group called Champion Women, which advocates for female athletes.
The school's volleyball coach "is conducting business with ... a known sexual abuser," Hogshead-Makar wrote on July 21, 2017 , to then-Michigan State athletic director Mark Hollis and to the school's then-general counsel, Robert Noto. They got no response.
They also attached a photo of George sitting with Butler at a girls' national volleyball tournament in Florida last year, when multiple players for other teams wore T-shirts citing allegations against Butler. The photo was from a report by Jacksonville's First Coast News television.
In a Jan. 19 letter, Hogshead-Makar said the university had obligations to avoid dealing with Butler under Title IX, the federal law forbidding sex discrimination in education. Michigan State didn't respond.
In response to a similar note by email last year from part-time volleyball coach and activist Chris Murdock, associate athletic director Shelley Appelbaum said issues surrounding Butler were "still unfolding" and the university would "monitor the situation."
Butler sounded confident in a statement to PrepVolleyball.com after the Amateur Athletic Union cancelled their membership, saying they emailed 600 families about the AAU action and that no families pulled kids from their programs. Those programs, they added, "will not miss a beat."
The bans on Butler do not prohibit them from training children, said Emily Swanson, a Denver lawyer who has also spoken out against him. They said their staying power derives from coaches who keep going to them for recruits. They urged schools to refuse to recruit their athletes, even if some miss out on scholarships as a result.
"If schools stopped recruiting their players, players would stop going to them to train," they said. "That would shut them down."
___
Follow Michael Tarm on Twitter at https://twitter.com/mtarm .
NATIONALS 2, ORIOLES 0
BALTIMORE (AP) — Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn their eighth consecutive victory, Bryce Harper hit their 18th homer and the Nationals finished a three-game series sweep.
Scherzer (9-1) struck out 12, walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters. Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth, but notched their 13th save.
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road, the team's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005.
Baltimore rookie David Hess (2-2) gave up one run and four hits over six innings.
PIRATES 2, CUBS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings for Pittsburgh, and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove (2-0) helped stop the Pirates' four-game losing streak, permitting one run and seven hits. They also slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
The Cubs had won three in a row. Chicago's Kyle Hendricks (4-4) surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings.
INDIANS 9, WHITE SOX 1
CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as Cleveland rolled to its fifth straight win.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team. The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits and struck out 10.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
BREWERS 3, CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in their return from Tommy John surgery, but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save.
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
RED SOX 6, BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON (AP) — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster, and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with their 18th homer, snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17. Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs in six innings.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston, and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for their 18th save.
METS 4, BRAVES 1
ATLANTA (AP) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs, leading the Mets to a sorely needed victory.
Jason Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings for New York, which had lost seven of nine. Robert Gsellman worked the ninth for their second save.
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East, one-half game behind Washington. The Nationals and Braves begin a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday.
Braves starter Julio Teheran (4-3) pitched seven innings of two-run ball.
ROYALS 11, TWINS 8
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas and Jorge Soler homered, powering Kansas City to the win.
Moustakas drove in four runs. Soler had four hits for the Royals, who led 9-0 after two innings.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory. Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for their 12th save.
Twins rookie Fernando Romero (3-2) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings.
Minnesota slugger Miguel Sano had two hits and three RBIs.
GIANTS 7, ROCKIES 4
DENVER (AP) — Brandon Crawford kept up their May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally, and the Giants avoided being swept.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising their season average from .189 to .307.
The Giants snapped a three-game skid. Derek Holland (3-6) pitched five innings for the win, and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for their 11th save.
Nolan Arenado hit a three-run homer for Colorado. Harrison Musgrave (0-1) got the loss.
REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and Cincinnati rallied for the victory.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in their first win since May 4, and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for their ninth save.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
Legislation designed to make Kansas schools safer from gun violence has passed a House committee.
The bill endorsed by the Appropriations Committee on Monday would require schools and state agencies to establish guidelines for fortifying schools against armed threats. It also would provide $5 million for safety measures like metal detectors and hardened glass. The House will consider the bill next.
Kansas education lobbyists called the bill inadequate during a Friday hearing. Kansas National Education Association lobbyist Mark Desetti said that $5 million is not enough to secure the state's nearly 1,600 schools.
The committee amended the bill Monday so that school districts must match any funding provided to them from the $5 million.
Republican Representative Brenda Landwehr of Wichita proposed the amendment and said it would essentially double funding.
MOSCOW (AP) — The Latest on the reported slaying in Ukraine of a Russian journalist: (all times local):
5:25 p.m.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who had been reported shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday, has shown up at a news conference very much alive.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told a news conference on Wednesday the agency faked Babchenko's death to catch those who were trying to kill him.
Kiev and national police had said Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back at their apartment building and found bleeding by their wife.
They showed up at Gritsak's new conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning their death.
Babchenko, 41, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, spoke and wrote year about leaving the country because of repeated threats that they and their family would be harmed.
___
2:35 p.m.
A top lawmaker says Russia is willing to help Ukraine investigate the murder of a Russian journalist.
Arkady Babchenko, who was scathingly critical of the Kremlin, was gunned down in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, on Tuesday.
Babchenko fled Russia last year, fearing for their life, and settled in Ukraine. They had served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s and became one of Russia's best-known war reporters.
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma, told Russian news agencies Wednesday that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it.
Ukrainian authorities have said they think Babchenko was killed because of their work. Several Ukrainian politicians blamed the Kremlin for the killing. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov dismissed those comments as cynical.
Comments
comments
McGill University has played a major role in Laurent Duvernay-Tardif's life, but the Kansas City Chiefs lineman and newly minted M.D. said Tuesday that the school wasn't their first choice.
“My English was really terrible and I applied to all the French schools, but I missed the interviews because I put the wrong date in my agenda,” Duvernay-Tardif said after they picked up their medical degree at the school's spring convocation.
“McGill wasn't my first choice but I ended up here and, at the beginning, I thought I would stop playing football and focus on learning the language and being a doctor,” the Mont-St-Hilaire native said. “But I wouldn't be here and in Kansas City if it weren't for McGill.”
Their graduation Tuesday was the culmination of an eight-year quest and Duvernay-Tardif said collecting their degree ranked ahead of earning a starting spot in the National Football League with a five-year contract worth US$42 million (U.S.).
“I think this is the first time I'm really proud of myself, I've made it,” said the 27-year-old. “Football is an awesome opportunity in the sense that not everyone can play football and live off it. But being a doctor is more than that. You get to change things, you get to treat people. It's an honour to be a member of that community and I take the responsibility seriously. I want to be known as a good doctor.”
“I love both (football and medicine) but I also think it's important to build a career that you can do for a long time and medicine is that. To do something that you love and are passionate about for 40 years is important. Football isn't that.”
Duvernay-Tardif said one of their goals is to be a role model. They have a foundation that promotes physical fitness for youngsters and they have asked the Chiefs if they can put DR. in front of their name on their uniform nameplate.
“One of the cool things about doing both is to show people that you can do it,” they said. “For all those kids out there who are questioning themselves about whether they should go to school to pursue hockey or football and still study something like medicine, now there's someone who's done it. I want to show you can be a student-athlete. I believe balance is the key to success.”
Duvernay-Tardif has engaged in a balancing act during the past four years, moving back and forth between Kansas City and their studies in Montreal.
“I was coming back to Montreal as an NFL player and the spotlight is shining on you,” they said. “But you're starting your next round of medical studies and it's something more than football. It gives you a perspective.”
Duvernay-Tardif said the last hurdle to obtaining their degree was the Medical Council of Canada exam and it was stressful.
“It covered the last four years (of medical school) but, for me, I spread my curriculum over eight years and so my last rotation in surgery six years ago was far behind me.”
The next step is a residency. Duvernay-Tardif said they hope that they will be able to work out a program at McGill, but he's not sure when or how it's going to happen. They said being a part-time resident might be difficult, but he's managed to find away in the past.
Duvernay-Tardif said their parents, Guylaine Duvernay and François Tardif, provided them with the support they needed in their unconventional pursuit of a dual career because their childhood was anything but conventional.
“I didn't grow up as a normal kid,” explained Duvernay-Tardif. “I went to an alternative school, where I was dancing and painting in eighth grade. And I went on a sailboat trip with my parents and my two sisters for three years and this kind of experiences. Exploring the world and embracing different cultures helped me be more open and to follow my dream. I learned to live for the project and not for the money, and I'm grateful to my parents for teaching me that way of living. When everyone told me I had to make a choice between medicine and football, they told me I should pursue both of my passions.”
Duvernay-Tardif said they were also fortunate that McGill and the Chiefs were flexible in arranging their schedule.
“The first time I talked to (Chiefs head coach Andy Reid) and told them what I wanted to do, they said ‘that's awesome' and they supported me,” said Duvernay-Tardif. “Training starts in mid-April and they would say ‘when are you going to be back?' And I'd say ‘I have an obstetrics and gynecology rotation until mid-May' and he'd tell me that was no problem, to show up when I finished my exam. They were trusting me that I was going to be accountable and I was training here (in Montreal).”
Reid might have been more understanding than some coaches because their mother, Elizabeth, also graduated from McGill's medical school.
Duvernay-Tardif said they wouldn't have time to celebrate their graduation. They flew back to Kansas City Tuesday for the start of the Chiefs' spring training camp.
phickey@postmedia.com
twitter.com/zababes1
BOBBY ROBSON WAS known as one of football's gentlemen.
An inside forward who played most of their career at Fulham, the Newcastle native went into management with the Cottagers before going on to win the Uefa Cup and FA Cup at Ipswich Town.
During spells in charge Europe's top clubs such as Barcelona, Porto, PSV Eindhoven, Sporting and Porto, Robson enjoyed plenty of success before returning to their home to take the Newcastle United job.
At Barça, they won the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1997, and had a big impact on the careers of the Brazilian Ronaldo, Pep Guardiola and Jose Mourinho — who they originally took on as their translator.
Mourinho, Robson and Ronaldo with the European Cup Winners' Cup trophy. Source: EMPICS Sport
Robson also managed England between 1982 and 1990 — leading them to the 1986 World Cup quarter-finals, only to be undone by the Diego Maradona's ‘Hand of God'.
Four years later, they came through Group F despite drawing 1-1 with Ireland in the first game, but eventually lost out to West Germany in the last four after penalty shootout heartache.
They had ongoing battles with cancer over the years while continuing to work, and held the position of consultant to Ireland manager Steve Staunton before passing away at the age of 76 in July 2009.
Stan and Robson in 2006. Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
A new documentary entitled ‘Bobby Robson: More Than A Manager' will be screened at Wembley Stadium, St James' Park and Portman Road in May. It will then be released the following month.
“In the summer of 1995 Bobby Robson was diagnosed with cancer and given just months to live,” the film's press release reads.
“Miraculously, less than a year Robson later was managing the legendary FC Barcelona – motto ‘More Than A Club.'. But Bobby Robson was more than a manager. The miner's son from Newcastle played for their country. When they transformed Ipswich into European winners it was clear their real talent lay in coaching. Fearless, their gift was to be at their best when the worst threatened.
Via the Hand of God, Gazza's tears, England's greatest world cup abroad to titles in Europe's top leagues and a Barcelona treble, Robson overcame the most extreme challenges before a career like no other came full circle when they returned to ‘save' their beloved Newcastle.
“Many of today's great managers owe their rise to Robson. A daring coach they could spot genius and help it grow. Starring an A list cast (Mourinho, Guardiola, Ronaldo, Gascoigne, Shearer, Lineker, Alex Ferguson) never before seen archive and emotional testimony from Lady Elsie Robson, this is the definitive portrait of one of sport's most inspirational and influential figures Pioneer Mentor Game-changer Messiah. Bobby Robson #MoreThanAManager”
It looks excellent, here's the trailer:
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Britain's Kate, The Duchess of Cambridge, smiles and gestures as they talk to staff and young people, during a visit to The Mix in London, December 19, 2016. REUTERS/Alastair Grant/Pool
FILE PHOTO: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge speaks with staff members during a visit to the Nelson trust women's centre in Gloucester, Britain November 4, 2016. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
NANTERRE, France French prosecutors asked a court on Tuesday to impose a heavy fine on celebrity magazine Closer if it is found guilty of invading the privacy of Britain's Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton, by publishing topless photos of them in 2012.
Laurence Pieau, the editor of Closer; Ernesto Mauri, chief executive of Italian publisher Mondadori, the magazine's owner; and two photographers from a Paris agency who are suspected of taking the pictures appeared at a court hearing in the Paris suburb of Nanterre to answer charges brought under French privacy laws.
Closer magazine, a weekly round-up of celebrity gossip, published in September 2012 a series of photos of Middleton, the wife of Prince William, second-in-line to the British throne, topless while on holiday in southern France.
Britain's royal family began legal action against the magazine for what it called a "grotesque" breach of privacy after publication of the pictures, taken as the royal couple relaxed on a balcony of a chateau in the Luberon region.
The pictures rekindled memories in Britain of the media pursuit of William's mother, Princess Diana, who was killed in a car crash in Paris in 1997 while being chased by paparazzi.
The two photographers, present in court on Tuesday, denied having taken the photos, saying they had been unable to find out where the royal couple were staying.
"We went round and round looking for bodyguards, British cars ... We didn't see anybody," one of the photographers, Cyril Moreau, told the court.
Court documents said that mobile phone records showed that the two photographers were in the vicinity of the house at the time.
A lawyer for the magazine sought to justify publication of the photos on public interest grounds, saying they disproved rumours circulating at the time that Middleton might be anorexic.
Jean Veil, lawyer for the Duchess of Cambridge, said the article which accompanied the photos was only a pretext for publishing the pictures.
The court will hand down its ruling on July 4.
(Reporting by Helene Dauschy; Writing by Adrian Croft; Editing by Andrew Callus and Hugh Lawson)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Hyderabad once again launched a drive to turn Hyderabad into "Beggar Free" city which was earlier put to halt after rumors that the drive was initiated because of US president Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump to the city.
Speaking to ANI, Telangana Prisons Department Inspector General Narsimha said that the Prison Department has recently started two Beggar homes one is in Chanchalguda jail for male beggars and another is in Challapalli jail for female beggars with all kinds of facilities provided to them, now once again momentum has gained and so far we picked up 287 male beggars and around 150 female beggars.
"The process is going well, in the last one and a half month we have conducted several programs for beggars for their morale boost. Cot, mattress, TV and pillows were provided to them, we are also giving educational and moral classes to them," they said. They further said that this eradicating of beggars drive started for a noble cause and not because of Ivanka Trump visit to Hyderabad. "Now once again the process have commenced, we are expecting another fifteen or twenty days to eradicate all the beggars from the city, we are also providing employment to some beggars in Prisons Petrol bunks and garden cleaning activities," they added. Talking about the development, Deputy Jailor, deputed to Anand Ashram, Chanchalguda Jail, Subhash said, "Beggars diet is much better than prisoners diet, we are spending Rs 90 per head for one day, if we see the prisoners we will be spending only Rs 68 to 70 per head for one day, here we provide breakfast, lunch and dinner with two times tea, we will also provide two times egg in the week and non-veg on Sunday. (ANI)
FILE- This Feb. 23, 2017, file photo shows a delivery van is painted with artwork for Classic Coca-Cola in downtown Pittsburgh. Coca-Cola Co. reports earnings Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic, File)
FILE- This Feb. 23, 2017, file photo shows a delivery van is painted with artwork for Classic Coca-Cola in downtown Pittsburgh. Coca-Cola Co. reports earnings Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - Coca-Cola's first-quarter profit jumped as the company introduced new flavors and continues to discard its bottling operations.
Coca-Cola's began selling Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, a reformulated replacement for Coca-Cola Zero, in 20 markets last year. It reported a "double-digit" growth during the quarter Tuesday. The company has also been moving its Honest and Smartwater brands into more international markets.
It's also been branching out with small-batch and specialty drinks and focusing more on sales of concentrates. The shift cut into revenue, but it's also lowering costs.
Net income rose 16 percent to $1.37 billion, or 32 cents per share. Excluding one-time gains and costs, it reported 47 cents per share in profit, beating Wall Street's per-share expectations by a penny.
The world's largest drink maker reported a 3 percent boost in volume and a 4 percent jump for concentrates, with its namesake brand contributing the most. Concentrate sales rose in every region but Latin America, where they were flat.
"We're encouraged with our first quarter performance as we continue our evolution as a consumer-centric, total beverage company," said CEO James Quincey.
Revenue fell 16 percent to $7.63 billion during the quarter, mainly because it's shedding its bottling operations. The numbers still topped Wall Street expectations.
Shares Coca-Cola Co. rose almost 2 percent before the opening bell Tuesday.
_____
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on KO at https://www.zacks.com/ap/KO
Hampden Park Co-op will host Mayfest, an annual celebration of spring with plants, food and community activities, on Friday, May 12, through Sunday, May 14. Mayfest brings neighbors together from north and south St. Anthony Park and outside the neighborhood as well. The co-op and the St. Anthony Park Community Council co-sponsor Mayfest.
MOSCOW (AP) - OSCE observers: Russia's presidential election conducted openly but in an 'overly controlled' environment.
Buy Photo Barren Collier High School's marching band and performers in the stands during a game against Golden Gate High School at Barren Collier High School on Thursday, September 28, 2017. (Photo: Justin Gilliland/Special to the Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Adam Fisher breaks down Week 7 of the High School Football Season Jamie Stoddard/Staff
Who's ready for Week 7 of high school football?
Tonight our PrepZone Pregame Live is back, live from Barron Collier at Gulf Coast for the Catfish Bowl with Adam Fisher and Shylah Soares.
Also, it's been corrected everywhere -- except in print because that's not possible -- but we had the site of the Marco Island Academy-First Baptist game wrong originally (and in Friday's paper). The game is AT First Baptist at 7:30 p.m. Our apologies.
Community School already got its game out of the way, pounding Oasis, 56-6, on Thursday.
Meanwhile, check out our game preview stories, videos and more below. Come back tonight for our live chat, live scoring updates, follow us on Twitter at @NDN_PrepZone and then find our game stories, photos, and videos at naplesnews.com.prepzone. Or pick up Saturday's print edition.
Can't remember what was said in our season previews and videos? They're all right here.
And our PrepZone team made its picks on Friday night's games. Go here and see what you think.
Who piled up the stats so far? Our leaders are here.
And our preview capsules are here.
Golden Gate is on a bye this week.
Tonight's games with links to previews:
Barron Collier at Gulf Coast, 7 p.m.
Lemon Bay at Estero, 7:30 p.m.
Marco Island Academy at First Baptist, 7:30 p.m.
Immokalee at Palmetto Ridge, 7 p.m.
Lely at Naples, 7:30 p.m.
St. John Neumann at Evangelical Christian, 7 p.m.
East Lee County at South Fort Myers, 7:30 p.m.
Older people in Lenzie are being forced out of the area where they have lived for most of their lives.
That's the claim by a local action group who are campaigning to have planning consent revoked for a housing development on the grounds of the former Lenzie Hospital.
Members of Lenzie Pre-Community Development Trust are petitioning East Dunbartonshire Council and they have organised a public meeting on Monday, April 24 at 7.30pm at Lenzie Union Parish Church.
They say the construction of 44 luxury detached houses and 24 affordable older people's flats goes against a joint strategic plan between the council and the NHS to develop elderly care at the site and also does not comply with the Local Plans for the area.
At a meeting of the council's planning board in December last year, a council officer recommended the housing development application by Robertson Homes be refused because it “is considered not to comply with the provisions of the East Dunbartonshire Local Plan 2 and the East Dunbartonshire Local Development Plan”.
However, at the meeting, Councillor Rhondda Geekie, seconded by Provost Una Walker, proposed an amendment to grant the application, which was passed by the board.
The action group claim that as a result, older people in Lenzie are now being forced to move outwith the community where they have raised their family.
Ross Burnside of the group said: “What is the justification for granting permission for this? Under the town and country planning act, local authorities should follow their own plan”.
They added: “The population of elderly people is disproportionately rising.”
Back in 2001, the Herald reported on joint plans to develop a 60-bed nursing home and a social day care centre for the elderly at the site.
The council, North Glasgow University NHS Trust and the NHS Greater Glasgow were working jointly on the Carewell Initiative to provide the new facilities for older people. It was also to provide a joint health and social care team specialising in care for the elderly.
In their petition to council chief executive Gerry Cornes, the action group are demanding the planning consent be revoked and the Carewell Community Partnership Care Village be continued.
They are also calling for the council to respect the group's aims to “hold our community together and prevent downsizers being forced out of the village” and “respect the health and social care needs of Lenzie's vulnerable older residents”.
Depute Chief Executive, Place, Neighbourhood & Corporate Assets, Thomas Glen, said: “The council is aware of the petition, however, it has not yet been formally submitted to the council for consideration. When the petition is submitted then it will be placed before the relevant committee of the council for consideration, however it is important to remember that decisions taken by the Planning Board fall within the council's quasi judicial remit, and as such there is limited scope for these decisions to be altered.
“The council remains committed to affordable mixed tenure housing to meet the needs of communities.”
Early life interventions that increase physical activity could help delay onset of neurodegenerative disorders, a study in rats suggests
Young rats with access to a running wheel show improved memory later in life and increased activity of neurons generated in adulthood, finds a study published in eNeuro. The results raise the possibility that exercise early in life may help to protect against age-related cognitive decline.
Martin Wojtowicz and colleagues found that six-weeks of voluntary running, beginning at one month of age in rats, was sufficient to induce a long-term effect on learning and memory of a fear response that depends on newly generated neurons in the hippocampus in adulthood. They also found that the activity of the adult-born neurons was enhanced compared to those acquired during development and to those of rats housed in a standard cage without a running wheel.
The findings are consistent with the idea of cognitive reserve, whereby the brain draws on enriching experiences from youth to compensate for functional declines as a result of age or disease. Early life interventions that increase physical activity may therefore help to build up this reserve, potentially delaying the onset of neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer's disease.
###
Article: Early-Age Running Enhances Activity of Adult-Born Dentate Granule Neurons Following Learning in Rats
DOI: https://doi.org/10.1523/ENEURO.0237-17.2017
Corresponding author: Martin Wojtowicz (University of Toronto, Canada), martin.wojtowicz@utoronto.ca About eNeuro
eNeuro is an online, open-access journal published by the Society for Neuroscience. Established in 2014, eNeuro publishes a wide variety of content, including research articles, short reports, reviews, commentaries and opinions. About The Society for Neuroscience
The Society for Neuroscience is the world's largest organization of scientists and physicians devoted to understanding the brain and nervous system. The nonprofit organization, founded in 1969, now has nearly 37,000 members in more than 90 countries and over 130 chapters worldwide.
New apartments and more are coming to Columbia SC's Devine Street A new complex of luxury apartments, restaurants and shops is planned along Columbia SC's Devine Street, near the Shandon and Old Shandon neighborhoods and not far from Five Points. It will be called Devine Station. Sarah Ellis and Jeff Wilkinson ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK A new complex of luxury apartments, restaurants and shops is planned along Columbia SC's Devine Street, near the Shandon and Old Shandon neighborhoods and not far from Five Points. It will be called Devine Station. Sarah Ellis and Jeff Wilkinson
The DSWD thanks the many groups and individuals who continue to send goods and cash to victims of the Marawi conflict
Published 3:36 PM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Several groups and individuals extended assistance to families affected by the crisis in Marawi City, according to the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD).
Students from the University of the Philippines Diliman and Manila campuses sent canned goods, bottled mineral water, sacks of rice, medicines, and toiletries. (READ: Maranao student helps build Muslim-Christian understanding in evacuation site)
The Masonic District-National Capital Region provided canned goods, instant noodles, biscuits, infant milk, bottled water, and clothing.
Sogo Hotel gave 3,000 pieces of blankets while the Bureau of Customs donated 3,000 bags of 50-kilogram glutinous rice
These were coursed through the department's National Resource Operations Center (NROC). (READ: Groups call for donations for crisis-hit Marawi)
Donations were also sent directly to DSWD's field office in Region XI and the Cordillera Administrative Region.
The Mindanao Banana Farmers and Exporters Association, Inc. donated more than 100 cases of bottled minteral water while Kabataan Party List - Cordillera brought sacks of rice, packs of coffee and milk, assorted canned goods, toiletries, and clothes.
Cebu Pacific Air also gave DSWD 20,000 kilograms of cargo space to bring relief goods from Manila to Cagayan de Oro. Donations will be flown via Cebu Pacific Air and will be transported by the DSWD.
The department also acknowledged those who donated cash through DSWD's bank accounts.
"Lubos ang ating pasasalamat sa mga grupo at indibidwal at kanilang pamilya na nagbigay ng tulog sa ating mga kapatid na evacuees mula Marawi," said DSWD Secretary Judy Taguiwalo.
(We thank the different groups and individuals and their families who gave aid to our fellow citizens who have evacuated from Marawi.)
"Malayo po ang maaabot ng inyong mga ibinahaging tulong sa pagpapabuti ng kalagayan ng mga apektadong pamilya," they added. (The help you extended will go a long way towards the improvement of situation of the affected families.)
On May 23, clashes erupted in the city as the military moved to hunt down "high-value targets" from the Maute group and the Abu Sayyaf Group, driving away thousands of families. (TIMELINE: Marawi clashes prompt martial law in all of Mindanao)
As of June 2, over 100,000 residents were displaced due to the armed conflict while about 20,000 people were staying in 20 evacuation centers. (READ: How a father fled Marawi to save kids, wife in labor)
The DSWD earlier released P60,055,000 to its field offices in Central Visayas, Northern Mindanao, Soccsksargen, and Caraga.
More help needed
Interested parties who want to extend help to the families may still donate through the DSWD, according to a statement released by the department. (READ: How to help Marawi evacuees through DSWD)
In-kind donations from Metro Manila may be sent to the NROC at Chapel Road in Pasay City with the telephone number (02) 511 1259. The operation center is open Monday to Friday from 6 am to 6 pm.
Donations coming from Mindanao can be sent directly to the field offices:
Region X office: Masterson Ave., Upper Carmen, Cagayan de Oro City with telephone numbers (88) 858 8134 and 858 6333.
Region XII office: Poblacion, Koronadal City, South Cotabato with the telephone number (083) 228 6080.
Cash donations can be deposited to the following accounts:
DSWD Dollar Saving Account for Foreign Donation
Account Name: DSWD FOREIGN DONATION
Account Number: 3124-0055-81
Swift Code: TLBPPHMMXXX
Bank Address: Land Bank of the Philippines, Batasan Branch, Constitution Hills, Quezon City
Peso Current Account
Account Name: DSWD DONATION
Account Number: 3122-1011-84
Bank Address: Land Bank of the Philippines, Batasan Branch, Constitution Hills, Quezon City
Donors should notify the DSWD Finance Management Service (FMS) or Cash Division (CD) of their donation through phone or email. Send the validated deposit slip together with your information (name, nationality, and address) to finance@dswd.gov.ph and cash@dswd.gov.ph or fax to 9318127.– Rappler.com
If you want to help internally displaced persons (IDPs) from Marawi City or if you have reports about their humanitarian needs like temporary shelter, relief goods, water, and hygiene kits, post them on the Agos map, text to 2929 (SMART and SUN), or tag MovePH on Twitter or Facebook. You may also link up with other organizations that called for donations.
New spy shots provide our first look at Nissan preparing a refresh for the Murano. The changes appear to give the already handsome crossover an even sharper look.
These photos reveal that the updated Murano features revised headlights with a pair of LED running lights that create an arrow pointing at the center of the grille. It's an eye-catching look even on this camouflaged model and should be even more striking on the finished vehicle. There's also a new trapezoidal lower fascia. The concealment on this test mule appears to cover the niches for the fog lights.
The only other changes are at the rear of the vehicle where Nissan conceals the taillights, which is a good hint at new units for the refresh.The major change appears to be more red in them, rather than the roughly equal mix of crimson and clear parts in the current parts.
The current Murano arrived for the 2015 model year and featured a major design change. The floating roof design and deep, V-shaped grille continue to look striking years after arriving on the road. Nissan introduced new tech for the 2018 model year (gallery below), including automatic emergency braking and intelligent forward collision warning as standard features on all models. The SV trim and above got Blind spot warning and rear cross traffic alert, too. Adaptive cruise control now became part of the SL grade and SV Premium Package. At the same time, the company updated the center console for easier accessibility.
The current Murano comes exclusively with a 3.5-liter V6 with 260 horsepower (193 kilowatts) and 240 pound-feet (325 Newton-meters) of torque, and customers can choose between front- and all-wheel drive. The current trend towards powerplant downsizing could lead to a more efficient four-cylinder with forced induction for the refreshed model.
A debut date for the refreshed Murano isn't yet clear. However, it could be on sale before the end of the year.
Source: Automedia
At least 10 new breweries have opened in old churches across the country since 2011, and at least four more are slated to open in the next year. The trend started after the 2007 recession as churches merged or closed because of dwindling membership. Sex abuse settlements by the Roman Catholic Church starting in the mid-2000s were not a factor because those payments were largely covered by insurers, according to Terrence Donilon, spokesperson for the archdiocese of Boston.
Jaguar has introduced a new app integration that allows some drivers to use their car's touchscreen to pay for fuel.
The Shell app, described as a new cashless payment app, will work with several Jaguar Land Rover models. With it installed, you can drive up to any pump at a Shell service station in the UK, and instead of using a card at the pump, you'd use the vehicle's touchscreen to select how much fuel you require and then pay via PayPal or Apple Pay.
Android Pay will be added in 2017. Also, Jaguar said its cars will eventually work with the Shell app at Shell stations around the globe. If you want to make sure you were charged the correct amount, an electronic receipt will be displayed on the touchscreen. A receipt will also be sent directly from the pump to the driver's email address.
Jaguar stressed that expenses and tax returns will be made much simpler with this Shell integration, as there will be no receipts to lose since they're sent electronically. The Shell app with in-car cashless payments will be available to download in the UK from 15 February. You can expect it in other markets globally sometime this year.
The 2018 Jaguar F-PACE performance SUV, F-TYPE and XF and XE sports saloon model ranges, as well as the latest Land Rover models, will be the first cars to work with the Shell app.
Jaguar said this is the first in-car, fuel-payment system to be offered.
BRITISH police are investigating three new allegations of sexual assault against Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey.
Scotland Yard now have six open investigations against Spacey, two into sexual assault and one of assault, according to British media reports.
The latest allegations are about incidents that took place in London and Gloucester.
Camera Icon Kevin Spacey is facing fresh allegations of sexual assault. Picture: AP
A man is alleged to have been sexually assaulted in Lambeth in 2008 (Spacey was artistic director of the Old Vic Theatre, Lambeth, between 2004 and 2015).
Another man came forward, claiming they had been sexually assaulted in Gloucester in 2013. The third allegation dates back to 1996. The incident allegedly occurred in Westminster.
Camera Icon A man is alleged to have been sexually assaulted in Lambeth in 2008. At the time Kevin Spacey was artistic director of the Old Vic Theatre. Picture: AFP
News of the latest allegations came just a day after Aussie actor Guy Pearce made headlines around the world with their disturbing anecdote about working with Spacey on the 1997 movie L.A. Confidential.
Asked by interviewer AndrewDenton about their own experiences working with the embattled actor over two decades ago, Pearce chose their words carefully.
Camera Icon Guy Pearce said they had a “difficult” time on the set of L.A. Confidential. Picture: News Limited
“Yeah … yeah. Tough one to talk about at the moment. Amazing actor; incredible actor. Mmm. Slightly difficult time with Kevin, yeah,” Pearce said, before uttering four words that made the studio audience gasp: “He's a handsy guy.”
Thankfully I was 29, and not 14,” they said, prompting more audience gasps.
Spacey's downfall began when actor Anthony Rapp alleged they were 14 when Spacey, then 26, made a sexual advance to them in 1986.
© Photo: Pixabay US House Rolls Out Bill to Ensure Russia Does Not Receive Sanctions Relief
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Sanctions against Russia should be codified in order to prevent them from being weakened by US President Donald Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday.
"If those sanctions were to be watered down, I would, for sure, support codifying them and making sure that they don't get watered down," Ryan said as quoted by MSNBC.
Ryan added that, despite existing disagreements with Russia, Washington could potentially cooperate with Moscow on combatting terrorism, notably in the fight against the Daesh in Iraq and Syria.
© Sputnik/ Alexey Kudenko Kremlin Denies Media Allegations About Russia-US Talks on Lifting Sanctions
The latest round of anti-Russian sanctions was introduced at the end of December by the administration of former President Barack Obama in response to Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 US presidential election.
Russia has repeatedly refuted the US claims as absurd and intended to deflect public opinion from revealed instances of corruption and other pressing domestic concerns.
Last week, a group of US senators introduced the Russia Sanctions Review Act, which stipulates the Trump administration must submit to Congress a detailed report explaining its reasons for lifting sanctions against Russia if it decides to do so.
COVENTRY, R.I. — Police say a woman in Rhode Island had taken out a gun to investigate a noise when they accidentally shot herself.
Coventry police say the woman slipped Friday night and the gun they were carrying discharged, striking them They had been looking into a noise they heard from behind them home.
WJAR-TV reports the woman was taken to Kent Hospital to be treated for injuries. Them condition wasn't clear.
A police investigation confirmed it was an accidental, self-inflicted gunshot wound.
By Ray Chelstowski
Mickey Hart has had one of the most fascinating careers of any modern rock musician, let alone any member of the Grateful Dead. Their work in the preservation of music has had a profound effect on curation, cataloging, sharing and the awareness of indigenous sounds. They also have assembled a collection of percussion instruments that is as renowned as the Grateful Dead music it has been part of.
This past year has been spent bringing the timeless music of the Grateful Dead back on the road with a new lineup of musicians, touring as Dead & Company. To date, the reception has been extraordinary with shows selling out as quickly as they did back in the day. An entirely new generation of fans has been born out of these concerts, energizing not only the old guard but the original members of the band as well.
We caught up with Mickey and talked to them about the Dead's new dynamic; what makes this music so lasting, and finally what they have on deck for the year.
GOLDMINE: Word from a lot of loyal fans is that you guys sound tighter than ever. Any material you held back on performing until you felt like the band was really gelling.
MICKEY HART: I wouldn't say it was that kind of plan. In fact, there is no grand plan to this. It's just a matter of us trying to sync and become musical friends and have a great conversation at a very high level and to learn about the common groove. To become “a band.” Once you become a band you can play any song. We study the songs before we get on stage, then it's just a matter of rendering it. It's not supposed to be exactly like the Grateful Dead played it. So now this band is starting to get some musical identity of its own and it's not like a copy of the Grateful Dead. We're playing Grateful Dead music alright because we invented it and there's no reason to throw it out because it's really great music. It's made to be reimagined. It's like jazz. There's the head. Then there's the belly of the song which is anything you want to make it. Then there's ending which we're not really good at. So you know it's perfect. We never had endings that's why we would tag songs together and make a seamless go of it.
So we come up with an idea on the tour. Something like “let's do this.” On the last tour I said “Deep Elem Blues.” Great song. We used to play it. We loved it and yet we hadn't played it in this band. It's easy. So that's how it happens. There's no master plan. We just gotta keep including John (Mayer) and Jeff (Chimenti) and Oteil (Burbridge) in our in tractor beam. The idea is that me and Bob (Weir) and Bill (Kreutzmann) are telepathic after all these years. And so we have our own conversation going on all of the time. It's not about the songs so much as it is about finding the same wavelength. It's about if you are caught up in the groove and emotionally committed. That takes time and that's why people think it's a really great band, because we're getting the grease.
GM: I have to imaging that it's fun playing with musicians of this caliber, especially Oteil Burbridge. He's a much different bassist than Phil Lesh. It must be fun seeing where this can take the music.
MH: Well both are brilliant visionaries and Oteil brings another sensibility to the plate. I mean there's nothing like Phil, he's totally unique and it's hard to describe their playing. It looks like they have a bass in their hands but he's not really playing the bass.  They are playing Bach, Beethoven. Their sensibilities are completely different than Oteil's who is basically a prodigy. They can do anything, and he's a marvelous rythmn and blues bass player. But they can't be Phil. They go to amazing places just like Phil goes to his.
It's great to play with John. John is fluid and they listen and he's now part of the conversation as is Jeff. And playing at that level is what we are used to. That's the Grateful Dead, a very high level of musicianship.
GM: Oteil Burbridge has been singing more tunes as the tour goes on. How do you decide who sings what?
MH: Pretty much anyone can pick whatever they want if they really have a feeling for it. That's what Oteil did. They said, “I gotta do this song. I love it. I can do it” and they went out there and delivered first rate singing. I couldn't believe how beautifully they could sing ballads. So Oteil is really part of the vocal armada now. There are times we pick a song and John says “that's a bit too out of my range. Bob you take it.” Or Bob says “hey why don't we do this song” and then John will say “yeah that's great, I can do that.” And so it just happens like that. We have soundcheck every day. That's where we learn songs and if someone wants to try something new we go through it at soundcheck. If it works in soundcheck, we play it. If not we do it again in soundcheck and that's for sure where we'll make it work.
GM: Back in the 80's and 90's you would invite a lot of guest musicians on stage with you. That added a very cool dynamic, especially when someone like Branford Marsalis joined in. Are you looking to do any of that moving forward?
MH: It's totally spontaneous. No plan. If we want to do something we do it. Right now we're trying to become a band and that's the most important thing. All of the other stuff follows. I think that's the top of the list. When you have people sit in, you change everything. Everything changes because you have to welcome them, compromise much of the song in giving it to them. Sometimes something really powerful happens. But much of the time it's not successful in many ways because our music is complicated. It's not like it doesn't have its nuances. I love Branford, or Ornette (Coleman), you know. Those guys add that special stuff. We don't need any more guitarists. I'll tell you that.
GM: One of the things folks have really enjoyed was the decision to do “Dark Star” as an acoustic piece? How did that come about?
MH: I think Bob or John might have mentioned it and they just did it. They got it in front of the mikes and they started the song. It was spontaneous which is different from how we used to do things because we took a lot of LSD together and then played music for long periods of time. That's where you go into a whole other reality. Sometimes memory is not the strongest point. The idea was not to necessarily remember everything that you did and we couldn't because we did a lot of things. So we decided to just let the song take you wherever you wanna go, wherever it wants to go. You follow it, it follows you. And you wind up in some amazing place. That will turn into something incredible if you let it, and if you pace it. So I think that taking psycho-active drugs for years and then performing it became an art form. It wasn't like we were just taking acid and having a party. It was an integral part of the art form. That's probably the only way you can do it.
And there was never any blame. Ever. Whatever happened happened. That was the art of it. We didn't talk about it. In the beginning we used to listen to the shows after in the hotel room. We'd play a recording of the evening and that was our entertainment at night. We would listen to the performance and it was off to the next city. But that didn't continue because it played itself out. We didn't want to hear ourselves. I don't listen to Grateful Dead music. I hear all of the mistakes where the groove should have been this or that. There's no reason to look back. Once in a while my daughter will put it on but I don't want to repeat. That's not my idea of music. I'm not in that game and there are a lot of people who are. I am not of that world. I tip my hat to them because they are amazing performers but I could never be of that world. Our music was never like that. Our music was full of chaos and inconsistencies. It was jazz. It was like a musical journey where you were always looking forward, arching toward the future.
GM: Any new material being developed on the road that might lead you guys into a studio?
MH: We could if we wanted to but we don't. We're having such a blast playing live; the studio is a whole other world. To do studio right it takes time. To me this is not necessarily a recording band. It could be. But right now it's a live band playing live music for live people. That's different than performing into a microphone and trying to perfect music that you'd put into a recording. Completely different.
GM: You have been an avid collector of percussion instruments for years. Anything special make an appearance this time out on the road?
MH: Well, I have a new rig now, or a new home I should say. And it's electronic in nature with new sounds made from old instruments. Some of them are my great “buddies,” my little family. Every tour I take more or another part of data from the collection which is all sampled. Because I would need semi-trucks to take the collection around. It's too cumbersome and it's not practical, even in my world. But I change it up all of the time and I record around the house, environmental acoustic-ecology kind of stuff.
I try to record sounds that are unborn. That's my favorite thing to do, to birth sounds. Then there's the wonder that accompanies all of that. Not only for yourself but for the listener. I'm also into multi-channel. Stereo for me is a pastime. I don't listen to stereo anymore. I'm in 9.1 multi-channel all of the time. That's where I live when I'm not on the road.
GM: You have done a great deal of work in helping preserve musical history and traditions with your charitable work with organizations like the Smithsonian, the American Folklife Center and Save Our Sounds. What's next?
MH: I'm thinking of restarting the Endangered Music Project at the Library of Congress and going through the stacks, seeing what's in them and repatriating this music to the rest of the world. I love indigenous music. It's been a great privilege to work with them.
GM: Goldmine interviewed Donovan. There they mentioned going to see the Maharishi with George Harrison and had a funny anecdote to share about the Grateful Dead waiting next in line for their own visit. The Maharishi apparently giggled when they heard the Dead's name?
MH: I heard that! It was a terrible name. We didn't give it a second thought, I'll tell you that. They also told Bob that they shouldn't have anything touching their skin but silk. So Bob went and bought a silk shirt which was not really practical because we were all living together and eating spaghetti out of a pot. (laughs) So it was not very practical in our world.
GM: What are you looking to do in 2018? What's your musical goal, objective—what are you looking to tackle?
MH: Good question. A Sounds and Lights Experience. I have a two day takeover of the Museum of Natural History and the Hayden Planetarium on April 13 and 14. So I'm composing a piece that starts at the beginning of time and space and it ends at the atom. A journey through time and space. There are incredible images from NASA. It'll be a great thing. And I'm thinking of playing a couple of festivals next year outside. That's what it's all about!
For more info on Dead & Co. dates this summer go to www.deadandcompany.com.
